Murder on the Orient Express is one of a handful of movies that Irecall seeing as a child, movies that left an indelible impression onme, their images and their meanings burned into my mind. Of course such"old friends" may hold a little more sentimental value for me than themany other high quality pictures I have seen since then, yet thelasting impact they had is in itself proof of their quality, ascompared to the dozens of mediocrities I also saw but have since allbut forgotten.And if ever a murder mystery was to fascinate a child as it wouldsatisfy an adult, Murder on the Orient Express is the one.Unquestionably Agatha Christie's finest work, it comes from an era whenmurder and its investigation could be almost something of a sport, inliterature at least. This is the time of Hitchcock's earliest morbidflourishes, the age of detective fiction ridiculed in Anthony Shaffer'sSleuth. And this film version keeps in tune with the general jollinessof the affair ? an wonderful upbeat soundtrack, light comical touchesand above all a slight sense of irreverence; the corpse-like WendyHiller, the perfect butler John Gielgud, and of course Albert Finney'sjuicily over-the-top French accent.It's also apparent in Sidney Lumet's direction, which is full ofknowingly melodramatic pans and cuts, not to mention the gloriousall-round overacting which thorough coach Lumet no doubt encouraged.But Lumet, who started out in theatre, is doing something more cunningwith the limited confines of the set. His plan actually begins in theIstanbul scenes, which he deliberately ensures are not too open, withvisible ceilings and foreground clutter, with the occasional wideroutdoor shot. Thus he establishes by choice a shooting pattern he willlater be forced to stick to for the bulk of the movie. This helps tokey us into the film's world early on, and stops the move to small setsbeing a jarring one. Lumet also gives his characters some greatentrances, each unique and most of them purely visual; Richard Widmarkhoving into the foreground as the camera pulls back, Jean-Pierre Casselalone beside the steaming train, Michael York and Jacqueline Bissetadvancing upon us as a basket of oranges spills before them.And this cast is deserving of grand entrances. I consider myself fairlygood at stick-shaking, but still I would not even attempt to shake astick at the number of irresistibly good players on display here. WendyHiller as an aging Russian aristocrat makes an unlikely comic relieffigure, and yet she pulls it off with impeccable timing and manner.Ingrid Bergman draws us in to her story, making us believe in it andthus giving it a highly moving quality. Vanessa Redgrave as usual wrapsthe role around her own cheeky persona. An honourable mention also goesto Colin Blakely, a highly talented figure who was never quite rightfor the big roles but is memorable in dozens of little ones. Here he'sat his emotive best as Cyrus Hardman. But most remarkable of all is ofcourse Albert Finney. He totally gets the Poirot persona ? a mantotally aware of what he is and what he is doing at all times, who hasno need for dignity but achieves a kind of charisma through hisindignity. Look at how his expression never changes during eachinteraction with another character ? Finney's Poirot ends an exchangeexactly as he begins it.Murder on the Orient Express remains a favourite of mine, one Iappreciate even more as an adult. The compelling imagery andcharacterisation is still there, as well as the unforgettable finalrevelation, and yet now I also feel its frequent dips into the personaland the poignant. Few mystery thrillers have as much appeal on repeatedviewings because once the solution has been revealed the "thrill" hasgone. Murder on the Orient Express has this added human dimension and,unlikely as it may seem, is one of a number of pictures thatunfailingly moves me to tears.