At a time when much of Britain's film output had descended to the levelof Carry On and Confessions movies and adaptations of popular TVsit-coms, EMI Films bucked the trend to produce a sumptuously-mountedAgatha Christie mystery that gathered together a spectacular cast, aglamorous location and a top-class director. Casting Finney as HerculePoirot, the mercurial little Belgian, was a bold casting decision thatpaid off admirably ? almost unrecognisable behind slicked down hair anda waxed moustache, Finney makes an entirely believable incarnation,although his accent is unintelligible at times, which is never a goodthing in a film where any line may hold the key to the mystery.On a train journey from Istanbul on the famed Orient Express, a wealthypassenger (Richard Widmark) who has requested Poirot to act as hisbodyguard is found murdered in his berth. The director of the line(Martin Balsam), a personal friend of Poirot's, begs the detective tosolve the case. Poirot interviews the dozen suspects one-by-one andcomes up with an incredible theory linking the murder to the kidnappingand killing of an aviator's daughter (inspired perhaps by the Lindberghkidnapping) before revealing his conclusions to the assembled suspects.The only problem with a star-studded film like this is that each starreceives too little screen time. Apart from one long scene (filmed inone take, apparently) Ingrid Bergman has little to do, but she isabsolutely superb in that single scene giving a performance thatoutshines both Finney and most of the rest of the cast. Connerybristles as a stuffy military type embroiled in an affair with theelegant Mary Debenham (Vanessa Redgrave), and John Gielgud is theepitome of the reserved and upright British butler. The rest of thecast do well with their underwritten roles, although Lauren Bacall'sdisturbingly skeletal and gaunt appearance prove something of adistraction. Only Anthony Perkins fails to convince: in a role that hadhis name written all over it, he adheres too many of the tics andmannerisms we associate with his most famous creation.The story itself is pure Christie, following the trusted formula ofhaving all the suspects being interrogated individually by Poirotbefore they are gathered together for the identity of the villain to berevealed. Although the identity of the killer must have seemed arevolutionary plot twist when the book was written, it's well known nowso that the revelation is no longer such a surprise. For those whoenjoy old-fashioned whodunnit's, however, this should prove to beenjoyable entertainment.