I love murder mysteries. I'm a sucker for them whether it's reading a bookor seeing a movie. "Murder on the Orient Express" is one of the best murdermystery movies ever made. Based on the novel by mystery sleuth AgathaChristie, it takes you on a ride by train where we meet an assortment ofcolorful characters all traveling on the Orient Express. When one of thesecharacters is murdered, the rest become suspects. And it's up to famedBelgian detective Hercule Poirot to solve the crime. "Murder on the OrientExpress" has an intriguing script, good direction, and a spectacular cast toboot. Albert Finney is picture perfect in his Oscar nominated portrayl ofthe fussy Poirot. While watching Finney in this movie, I can't believe thatthis is the same man who played Julia Roberts' boss in "Erin Brockovich"because he's so unrecognizable here. Finney is supported by an all-star castof mostly familiar faces. Of the actors playing the suspects, Lauren Bacallscores highest as an annoying American woman who talks loud and isn't afraidto say what's on her mind. Also good: the great Swedish actress IngridBergman who won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar (her third overall) forher small performance as an African missionary; and Martin Balsam as thedirector of the line and Mr. Poirot's personal friend. Jacqueline Bisset,Jean-Pierre Cassel, Sean Connery, John Gielgud, Wendy Hiller, AnthonyPerkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Rachel Roberts, Richard Widmark, and Michael Yorkround out the familiar cast. "Murder on the Orient Express" is a classymovie to be sure. Is this the best murder mystery movie ever made? Almost. Afew years later came the next Agatha Christie movie "Death on the Nile",which in my opinion topped "Murder on the Orient Express" and ranks as myall-time favorite mystery movie. But "Murder on the Orient Express" placesright behind "Death on the Nile" as the second best. There is no questionthat these two movies would be perfect to show on television as a doublefeature. Stick 'em on AMC, and your all set. ***1/2 (out of four)