In the early 1960s Agatha Christie (1890-1976) sold the film rights toseveral of her most celebrated novels--and although the public likedthe ensuing films, she herself did not. She was forever aftersuspicious of the film industry and rejected one offer after anotheruntil the early 1970s, when Lord Louis Mountbatten interceded on behalfof son-in-law and film producer John Brabourne for the film rights toMURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS. Christie reluctantly agreed. In 1974,upon seeing the film, she declared it to be the ONLY film version ofany of her novels that she liked.The story is famous. Hercule Poirot (Albert Finney) is a celebratedprivate investigator traveling via the legendary Orient Express. Thetrain is snowbound in the Balkans--and Mr. Rachett (Richard Widmark) isfound brutally stabbed in the bed of his luxury room. At the request ofSignor Bianchi (Martin Balsam), an official of the train, Poriot agreesto investigate the murder... but the more he learns from the numerouspassengers, the more impossible the crime seems.Even today, most film versions of Christie novels are played with a bitof a twinkle in the eye, as if to say "this is all just in good fun."Not so MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS. The all star cast includes JohnGilegud, Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, Michael York, JacquelineBisset, Sean Connery, Vanessa Redgrave, Anthony Perkins, and RachelRoberts, to name but the most obvious, and they play out the story withtremendous style but without the self-knowing cuteness that tends toundercut most similar films. The novel is among the more convolutedChristie works, but the Paul Dehn manages to encapsulate it withoutsimplifying it. And then there is the look and sound and feel of themovie, which is simply amazing.The Orient Express had passed into legend by 1974, but this filmreturns the celebrated luxury train to sparkling reality. From costumesto art design, from cinematography to score, MURDER ON THE ORIENTEXPRESS is so richly detailed that it becomes an almost tactileexperience. This is truly an example of "no expense spared." The filmwas nominated for no fewer than six Academy Awards, winning one forIngrid Bergman, and was also nominated for no fewer than seventeenawards from other groups, winning at least six. All in all, it was oneof the most celebrated films of its era.For many years MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS was only available inmediocre VHS and DVD transfers, but this particular edition not onlyreturns the film to a near-pristine state, it includes severalmemorable bonuses as well, most especially a "making of" documentarythat includes many of the cast members; a short documentary on AgathaChristie; and a short documentary on the Lindberg kidnapping, which wasamong Christie's inspirations for the novel. Slick, beautiful, andseductive, the 1974 MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS sets a standard formystery movies that few have equaled--and none have surpassed. Stronglyrecommended.GFT, Amazon Reviewer