I like mystery films and TV shows, but I've never been a big fan ofAgatha Christie's Poirot. The character is rather hard to relate to.Unlike the intelligent English gentleman Sherlock Holmes, for example,Poirot is more of a bungling, silly foreigner and despite his momentsof brilliance, it seems to come off as an accident due to his demeanourthan because of his brains. Still, the character is certainly memorableand he's always the centre of attention no matter what else is going onin the film, even if it is for the wrong reasons. Anyway, the mostimportant thing about this film is the mystery, which is rather welldone. We follow the death of a man on the train 'the Orient Express'.Of course, it isn't long before Poirot is on the case and it doesn'ttake him long to connect this murder with the murder of a young girlfrom years earlier. The problem with the mystery is that it moves veryslowly, and in the first half hour, for example, all that reallyhappens is that Poirot gets himself a first class room on the train.Still, once it gets going it moves well and the way that Poirot putsthe clues together manages to ensure that the film is alwaysinteresting.This film features quite a few smaller performances from well-knownscreen actors, including Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, AnthonyPerkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Michael York and Sean Connery. The supportcast help the film massively, as they're all integral to the centralplot. Albert Finney takes the lead role and does excellently inbringing the detective to life. His performance suitably gives life toPoirot, and in this film he is everything that you would expect aneccentric Belgian detective to be. The fact that the mystery is setaboard the Orient Express is important as it ensures that the filmexudes class throughout, and it also means that the small cast isalways isolated aboard the claustrophobic vessel. I do think that morecould have made of the train setting, as we're not always conscious ofit; but what is made of it is good. Many mystery films fall down at theconclusion, but it's safe to say that this one does not. It takesAlbert Finney about twenty minutes to run through exactly whathappened, but it's worth the wait as there's practically no chance ofguessing who did it! Overall, this isn't great or a classic; but it'svery good and highly recommended!