Agatha Christie lived long enough to enjoy something few of hercontemporaries could claim.Movies based on Christie's novels and stories were being made back tothe 1930s. One early one with Charles Laughton as Hercule Poiret soturned her off that she was hesitant about future productions of herwork. But they were made - like the two versions of LOVE FROM ASTRANGER. There were two high points: Rene Clair's AND THEN THERE WERENONE and Billy Wilder's WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION (oddly enough withLaughton again, but in a better fitting performance). Then came thepopular series of Miss Marple films with Margaret Rutherford, whichwere rewritten to emphasize Rutherford's comic abilities (and to giveMiss Marple a companion - Mr. Stringer, played by Rutherford's husbandStringer Davis). Another attempt at Poirot was made, again as a comicfilm, THE A.B.C.MURDERS (with Tony Randall as Poirot). Christie was notamused. But in 1974 she saw her vision of Hercule Poirot as a characterput properly on screen by Albert Finney in MURDER ON THE ORIENTEXPRESS.It gave her a satisfaction that few mystery novelists of her age everhad. Dorothy Sayers did live to see Lord Peter Wimsey played by RobertMontgomery in BUSMAN'S HONEYMOON, but while entertaining it was not theWimsey that she created - she died before she could see Ian Carmichaelplay the role on a series of television multi-episodes shows based onher novels. While Josephine Tey's novels occasionally were made intofilms, her Inspector Grant was not turned into a good running seriescharacter.I think that the reason that Agatha Christie was satisfied was the carethat Sidney Lumet took with MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS. Not only theall star cast involved, but keeping the story in the late 1920s toearly 1930s style, with clothing, vehicles, and class snobberymaintained. It actually helped preserve the novel's effectiveness.The casting is quite good. Poirot is ably played by Finney, who isfussy but also serious and sharp when going over the clues andinterrogations. Martin Balsam as his friend, the railroad official, isproperly "watsonish", constantly jumping at conclusions as to who thekiller is. Interestingly forgotten in the background is the only otherpassenger we learn of that is not under suspicion, the Greek doctor whoassists Poirot (George Coulouris). In the 1940s Coulouris would havebeen a red herring at least.The suspects (led by Lauren Bacall and Wendy Hiller) are properlysnobbish (especially Sean Connery). They are even snobbish towards eachother. But the question of who killed the victim is handled toconstantly throw off the viewers. It is one of the most perfectlybalanced whodunits.I only have one minor criticism. The murder centers on a "Lindbergh"kidnap-murder tragedy of the past, and the killer has to be someoneafter the real brains behind the tragedy. So all the suspects happen tobe connected to the victim(s). But as it turns out there was one victimwho was overlooked - the patsy killer (based on Hauptmann?) who wasfrightened into committing the crime and was hanged. It would have beeninteresting if the family of this criminal also had been representedamong the suspects.