Murder on the Orient Express is a sinfully delicious retribution sagaonly Agatha Christie could've cooked up so deliciously. The authorpenned the famous novel in the year 1934 and its film adaptation comesexactly forty years later. Christie is too careful and smart to letanything go amiss, and she deliberately doesn't allow us to rack up ourminds while reading her books; what I mean by this is that the casesshe narrates become too much for us to make our own deductions and sowe have no choice but to let Hercule Poirot, the famous detectiveprotagonist in her novels, to solve them for us. There's a funny line in the film that tells a lot about how we watchthis film. It's said in the scene where Poirot's friend Bianchi and adoctor, who accompany him as he interviews each suspect, begin debatingpassionately on whether one suspect has a significant motive or not.Poirot keeps quiet until he hears the word 'fairy godmother' from thedoctor; the detective then springs up excitedly and says 'Ah, nowyou've accidentally said something valuable!'. We as the audience wouldprobably figure out just as much as Bianchi and the doctor, which islike very little. We don't have Poirot's grey cells, and so we let himspeak and listen to him all ears like he's some kind of oracle. We mayaccidentally catch something before Poirot does if we're lucky, butit's a level 10 Sudoku for most of us, and we're barely able to solveLevel 6 itself.Agatha lays down her foundation quite neatly. Her novels usuallyconsist of a lengthy exposition, where almost every major character isintroduced (although true identities of some may not be revealed untillater). In the Poirot series, our Belgian sleuth finds himself in thecompany of these characters, usually informally until there's a murder.Then his crime-solving begins. Paul Dehn, the screenwriter of thisadaptation directly begins with Poirot's journey on a connecting ferryto Orient Express, doing away with his visit to a hotel in Istanbulwhich is included in Christie's book.Albert Finney plays our Poirot, and he's got a very distinctiveappearance; in the first scene, as he's sitting in the ferry, he looksshapeless with his little head sticking out of an overcoat that's toobig for him. His hair is so neatly oiled and flattened it looks likehe's wearing a swim-cap, and his queer moustache curls up like bull'shorns. 'What a funny little man' is the first remark we hear about him.The man who remarks this, Colonel Arbuthnot will soon eat his wordsback because he's later one of the suspects in Poirot's case. TheBritish officer in British Indian army is travelling with a youngEnglish teacher named Mary Debenham aboard Orient Express. Others onthis train include Pierre the French conductor, Natalia Dragomiroff theelderly Russian Royal and her personal maid Hindegarde Schmidt, Mrs.Harriet Hubbard the loquacious American socialite, Greta Ohlsson theSwedish missionary, Rudolf Andrenyi the aristocratic Hungarian diplomatand his wife Elena, Mr. Ratchett the incorrigible millionaire, hisvalet Edward Beddoes and secretary Hector McQueen. Poirot gets a seatwith the help of Bianchi, who's a train company director; inside, heshares the compartment with Hector, who seems befuddled by this newguest. Orient Express takes off once its passengers are in, first with thesound of the engine starting, then steam billowing out. The wholemomentum indicates us to brace ourselves for this totally mind-blowingadventure that's about to come. As passengers meet and greet eachother, our Poirot is beckoned by Mr. Ratchett the millionaire at lunch.Mr. Ratchett ask Poirot to protect him from threats that he's beenreceiving from an unknown person, and Poirot seems interested until thecrazy millionaire pulls out a gun and tries to get his consent byforce. Poirot dignifiedly leaves without accepting the offer, and thenext day finds Mr. Ratchett to be dead, stabbed about twelve times inhis sleep.Under Bianchi's insistence, Poirot accepts to solve the case before thetrain reaches its destination; a snow storm the previous night givesPoirot more time for the same. The rest of the film is taken up byinterviews with all the suspects one by one, ending with the show-stopping climax where Poirot has not one but two possible scenarios ofthe murder ? the simple one and the 'complex / Poirot' one. Most of uswould've chosen simple, even though it sounds disappointing, onlybecause it would've been possible for us to think further ? so it'sbetter we ditch our theories altogether and listen to what Poirot's gotto say. Director Sidney Lumet brings old fashioned fun alive with a gloriousensemble to support him. Christie's characters are diverse and peculiarin their personalities, dressing sense and accents, and the ensemblehere successfully brings these characters to screen, whether it'sAnthony Perkins as nervous, jumpy and fidgety Hector who keeps bitinghis nails in tension or Lauren Bacall as the overly talkative andrambling Mrs. Harriet. And once the big climax is revealed, we do endup sympathizing with everybody.