The first in the quarter of mysteries produced by John Goodwin andRichard Brabourne has the starriest cast of all of them - LaurenBacall, Ingrid Bergman, Sean Connery, Vanessa Redgrave, AnthonyPerkins, John Gielgud and Jean-Pierre Cassel all have the chance toflex their acting muscles in a generally acceptable version of theChristie classic. Albert Finney is miscast as Poirot; as well as beingtoo young for the role, he overdoes the gravelly voice and walks withhis head cocked on one side, almost as if he is suffering from a stiffneck. Nonetheless he has good support from ex-Mercury Theater companymember George Colouris as a bumbling doctor and Martin Balsam as thedirector of the railway, with a ludicrous Italian accent.In fact, cod accents are one of the hallmarks of this adaptation. Aswell as Balsam, we have Rachel Roberts as a German ladies' maid,Michael York as a Hungarian count, Wendy Hiller as a mittel-Europeanaristocrat, and Denis Quilley as an Italian-American car salesperson.Add to that Bergman's comic Anglo-Swedish series of guttural grunts(she always refers to that "yung man," to complete a the linguisticpanoply.But Christie adaptations are not the place to look for verisimilitude.What matters more is how the murder and the solution has been staged.Director Sidney Lumet has great fun directing his large cast in theconfined spaces of a luxury train: one can sense the obvious discomfortexperienced by Perkins' McQueen as Poirot comes to share his alreadyconfined cabin. In another sequence, Balsam has to balance Hiller's twoPekingese dogs in both hands while Poirot interrogates her; it's hardlysurprising that he cannot drink the proffered glass of brandy. The filmalso benefits from bringing disparate sets of characters together:Poirot recoils in horror as he listens to Bacall's Mrs. Hubbard brayingat the top of her voice about her second husband's exploits. Later on,Lumet shows Connery's Col. Arbuthnot becoming more and more disturbedas he sees Redgrave's Mary Debenham (his lover) being closelyinterrogated by Poirot in one of the train compartments. In an all-star epic such as this, it's characters that matter, and Lumet doesthem proud.The solution is particularly complicated; and the film benefits fromshowing it acted out in full, rather than letting Poirot describe it tothe assembled company in the third person. For once in Christie, thereis a sense of poetic justice about what happens.An entertaining piece, marred only by one historical inaccuracy. In theearly sequences shot in Istanbul, we see an orchestra of Turkishmusicians playing, all of them wearing fezzes. The action is supposedto take place in 1935; the fez had been rendered illegal in theprevious decade by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk.