Agatha Christie is generally considered the greatest of all mysterywriters. It is not just because of her wonderful setups, in whichsomeone is murdered in a confined area so that it is known that themurderer is still there. And it not just because of her colorfulcharacters, each with different personality traits. It is, perhaps,because of her solutions. She never makes it easy for the reader;everyone seems to have a motive, but also an airtight alibi. But whenthe solution comes, it makes complete sense. And it is never as easy asa whodunit usually is. In fact, the solution to The Murder of RogerAckroyd was so surprising that many criticized it for being misleading. The most famous of Christie's novels is Murder on the Orient Express,which features her best character Hercule Poirot, the famous Belgiandetective with, as Christie put it, "the finest moustache in England".So how would a film adaptation fare? On one hand, it couldn't possiblysucceed, for it would have to live up to such a great novel. But on theother hand, it couldn't possibly fail with such a great story as itsbasis. Sidney Lumet's 1974 version of the novel does not fail; in factit is a great success. If you haven't read the novel, it is best to go in to this cold. Itconsists of a story in which Poirot is booked, at the last minute, onThe Orient Express. But the train gets held up and then a man ismurdered. It is Poirot's duty to find the killer, but when it seems asif everyone has a motive and an alibi (the aforementioned Christieformula), Poirot must use his most keen detecting abilities to find themurderer.Albert Finney's performance as Poirot, is one of the film's onlyfaults. He plays Poirot as a cartoonish character with greasy hair andan unbelievably thick accent. It is, at times, too over-the-top.Perhaps the problem is that I had just seen David Suchet take on therole in the made-for-TV version, and he is the perfect Poirot. Butstill I was able to excuse Finney's performance because it did seem tofit with the rest of the film. Poirot interrogates each passenger onthe train. An amazing cast consisting of Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman,Jacqueline Bisset, Colin Blakely, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Sean Connery,John Gielgud, Wendy Hiller, Anthony Perkins, Vanessa Redgrave, RachelRoberts, Michael York, and Denis Quilley play the suspects, and eachhold their own in the movie. One of the best parts of the film isseeing how Poirot treats each character differently; one he comforts,one he confronts, and most entertaining of all is when he keepsinterrupting Lauren Bacall midsentence. It is a great way to show howPoirot handles his suspects psychologically to get the answers hewants. When Poirot solves the murder, he brings all the suspects intothe dining car. It is a wonderful set piece of suspense that the wholefilm had led up to. The solution is genius, something so original andfresh it seems like it was written today. Any flaws in the film will beresolved in this scene. This film also deals with morality and makes one question what onewould do in a situation like this. The cinematography is lush andbeautiful, reflecting the 30s in which Technicolor was first used.Sidney Lumet, one of my favorite directors, does a great job. I lovedhow he introduced each of the passengers with a tracking shot throughthe train station. It is, overall, the best adaptation of a Christienovel I've seen and a wonderful ensemble piece. 4/4