MOTOE is a B-movie in an A-list package. It's not anybody's "fault"it's a B-movie. The nature of whodunits is the red herrings and thefinal reveal in the last reel or two, so the structure is formulaicfrom the start and we've seen it countless times.But when the formula is as beautifully conceived and realized as this,on all levels, it becomes a rare jewel to be admired and loved over andover.Largely due to Christie's original story, then the magnificent yeteconomical script, Lumet's precise direction and (mostly) theonce-in-a-lifetime playing by the incredible cast . . . it's reallytrue: you can know who did it and yet be so swept up by thesecompelling characters and magical filmic structure that you almost haveto FORCE yourself to remember whodunit! Finney (38 at the time) totallyconvinces as 55-60 Poirot. Amazing.Then again, ALL these actors, many of them working in accentscompletely foreign to their actual origins and playing delightfullyagainst "type," embodying vivid characters from a tightly-writtenscript, present a virtual workshop of what great acting is all about.Save, perhaps, Anthony Perkins. It's not that he isn't good -- he'swonderful. But we've seen it all before, from him. There's nothing newin his performance here, as there is from the rest of the cast.In fact, in retrospect, one becomes increasingly aware of Perkins'narrow range as an actor. "Tall Story," "Friendly Persuasion,""Psycho," "Phaedra" -- in ALL his films he involvingly and believablyportrayed a variation of the same man.Of the entire cast, Perkins seems most camera-aware and "actorish."Ironically, his role is closest to his own natural "American" persona.Everybody else (but Connery, who is what he iconically is, no matterthe role or the subtlety of his playing, so overwhemingly magnetic ishe) gives us characters we haven't seen before and are obviouslydelighted doing so.Quibble.So brilliantly-produced is MOTOE that it's endlessly watchable andenjoyable for all the great talents in front of and behind the cameras.Yes, I know whodunit and how.But every time I sit down to MOTOE it sucks me in and I find myselfthinking, "But how can that BE?" And delight, once again, at Christie'sjaw-dropping construction and this -- the film adaptation of her workwith which she was most pleased.It's a ball!