The baseline, of the 2017 superhero movie Wonder Woman is theseparation and the implication of the separation between tyranny andfreedom. Tyranny isn't free. Tyranny is therefore inevitable. Freedom thereforeisn't inevitable. Tyranny is a forced reality, so that freedom is areality which is free. What is the dynamic that's further at play here?Force isn't a choice. Choice isn't a force. Choice isn't a power.Choice is a weakness. Force isn't a weakness. Force is a strength.Strength is a source of life. Choice isn't a source of life. Strengthprecedes choice.Strength is the origin of reality, which means that choice has anobligation to strength - or to tyranny. Freedom is a duty to tyranny,but tyranny isn't a duty to freedom.Freedom is a duty, tyranny or hierarchy or authority isn't a duty.Authority is control, yet control isn't a role. Freedom is a role.Control is the absence of performance, and freedom is a performance. Aperformance is no image, because it is freedom. The opposite of aperformance is an image, because it is authority. An image is reality,and no image is illusion.Any image that can be created is an authority; it's only the absence ofan image that is freedom, ergo peace. Any image is tyranny, andtherefore war. The absence of war is the absence of any image. Tyranny precedes freedom, meaning that any image has to precede itsabsence. Any image is a creation, so the creator of any image has toexist after the image they've created. The story of Wonder Woman, directed by Patty Jenkins, is that a sourceof an image has to exist after the image itself: the image has to bethe creator of the creator of the image. The image has to be the creator of the creator of the image, becausethat's how the creator of the image has the freedom to create theimage. The reward has to create the creator of the reward, so that the creatorof the reward has the freedom to enjoy the reward: the reward has to bedenied its own identity, so that the creator can possess the identity. The creator gets to experience the reward, but, the tragic truth to thereward is that the benefit of the creator is the ill-treatment of thereward itself: the reward of the creator has no choice but toexperience ill-treatment and abusiveness so that the creator can enjoypossessing the reward. The creator has a reward, but the reward has to suffer and be a victim.Reality is reward, but the consequence is that the reward itself has tobe a victim.Rewards are real, but the consequence of rewards being real is thatrewards are victims of malevolence and wickednessWonder Woman (2017) is one of the most intellectual, humane, artisticand important fantasy movies ever made