It's no secret that the DCEU had a rough start. I personally did notlike Suicide Squad or Man of Steel and, although I enjoyed Batman vs.Superman, I know that it is not a very good movie. Wonder Woman neededto be good. This universe was in dire need of a win and they absolutelygot one with this movie.First off, Wonder Woman herself was absolutely brilliant in this film.She was bright, hopeful, and innocent and was unbelievably likable. GalGadot played her wonderfully and I cannot wait to see more of her. Ireally felt that I had connected with this character on so many levels.Chris Pine's character was not particularly deep, but I still caredabout him and loved his relationship with Diana Prince. They hadfantastic chemistry and the way that they taught each other about eachother's worlds was brilliant and made for some excellent comedy aswell. I was incredibly saddened when Chris Pine's character sacrificedhimself at the end of the film and Wonder Woman's tear- jerkingreaction was very emotionally involving.The action was fantastic, but that was no surprise since it looked sogood in the trailers. The World War I sequence was ridiculouslyentertaining and I wish I could have seen more of it. The finalsequence with Ares was also extremely exciting.My favorite scene in the film was when Steve warned Diana not to crossNo Man's Land and she climbs the ladder anyway. I got goosebumps allover and was on the edge of my seat. That scene was Grade-A filmmaking.Wonder Woman is extremely inspirational in this movie and that sceneembodies her character. Scenes like that were the most memorable forme. As awesome as the action was, the moments that flesh out hercharacter and her relationship with Steve were the best part of thefilm.My main issues with the film mostly involve the villains. Dr. Poisonseemed like she would be an intriguing character, but felt very blandand the movie never revealed what her true motivations were. GeneralLudendorff was an actual person in WWI, but his presence felt somewhatunnecessary and I did not feel that he was a great villain. The gasthat he used to give him strength was also not needed and felt utterlypointless and out of place in the movie. I liked Ares, but the revealof who his character actually was somewhat cheap. His motivations forshowing the ugly side of humanity were very similar to Heath Ledger'sJoker and I did enjoy that. My other main negative was that I alsowould have liked more emotional moments while Wonder Woman was onThemyscira, but I was satisfied with what we got in that particularpart of the movie. Another great element of this movie was the fact that it stands on itsown. There's no forced reveal of any of the Justice League charactersnor is there an unnecessary setup for that movie. You could argue thatthis is because of the time period that this movie takes place in, butI think that Patty Jenkins really wanted to make a film that wasseparated from the other DCEU movies. I absolutely loved the openingscene in which she opens up a suitcase from Bruce Wayne and views thepicture of her from WWI. It was the perfect way to tie the film intoDCEU without going overboard. It was also the perfect way to set thestage for Diana Prince's story. The closing scene where she thankedWayne via Email was also cool. The movie is also incredibly well-directed. Patty Jenkins is a truetalent and I look forward to seeing what else she does in the DCEU andbeyond. The movie is colorful, vibrant, and lively and looks utterlygorgeous. I loved the stark contrast between the clean, tropicalThemyscira and the dirty, war-torn locations outside of it. Overall, Wonder Woman really gave the DCEU the push it needed. WonderWoman now has a fantastic backstory which will really add to hercharacter going forward. I cannot wait to see this character in JusticeLeague and I look forward to seeing the movie many more times.8/10 Grade: A-