I'm not going to get into the generalities of why this movie wasterrible, I'm going to be very specific about scenes that left a badtaste.1. Wonder Woman's aunt sacrifices her life so that WW doesn't get shotfrom behind early in the movie. Later in the movie the villain tellsher she's a god and only a god can kill a god. This renders her aunt'ssacrifice an act of suicide because the movie went out of its way totell the audience that all the Amazon Women knew she was a god. 2. WW's mom, the queen, tells everyone not to do something only to haveeveryone disobey her. Not just once, but EVERY time she says don't dosomething, someone does exactly the opposite. I.E. Don't train mydaughter to fight, don't let this guy leave the island, don't go withthe guy leaving the island. 3. WW essentially causes every innocent death in the movie. She leads abattalion through 'no mans land' and liberates a town. Then everyone inthe town is killed by a gas attack that only targeted the town becauseit was liberated.4. WW is incredibly impulsive and stupidly clings to mythology ratherthan listen to many people try to reason with her. Chris Pinerepeatedly tells her to wait for him and she does the opposite. Waitoutside this door, she goes in. I'm going to sneak into this castle indisguise, she shows up in an evening gown and blows up his plan. Hetells her killing one guy won't stop the London gas attack. She runsoff and kills that guy only to freak out on Pine because she was wrong. 5. Chris Pine's character commits suicide for no reason. He steals theairplane with the poison gas (which is conveniently flammable gas) andshoots it while he's flying mid-air; sacrificing himself to dispose ofthe gas. If he only thought to look for a parachute he could have lefta grenade in the plane and jumped out. OR he could have asked WW forone second of help; instead he tells her he loves her.All and all the movie is a cluster F and signals the entire DC Universeis going down in flames under this leadership.