I don't get it. I must be completely out of touch with what is popularfor today's movie going public, and am scratching my head how thisterrible movie receives such good reviews. This was the first movieI've been to at the cinema that I wanted to leave. I wanted to leaveafter 20 minutes. I decided to stay to see if things would turn around.Big mistake. I fought back the urge to get out of my seat a further two timesstaying till the end. One of the only things keeping me going wasgetting home to go online and enjoy the critics laying into thisatrocious movie. Only they didn't. They loved it. Apparently this isone of the best superhero movies of the year ("slash,") ever. If so I'mglad I've avoided most of the others. The plot and dialogue was extremely dull, and the WW11 setting didn'treally take the film anywhere beyond the realms of mundane. People seemto be getting giddy about how the film represents a positive step forfeminism. This again shocks me as the film seems to be quiteanti-feminist in it's nature. Just because the films main character isa woman doesn't mean this film is feminist. I swear that most if notall the people who have rated this film highly have either beenbrainwashed, or they are idiots, I can think of no other explanation.Back to the content, and after sitting through rather lousy dialogue,we get to the part in the film where, Diana is introduced to a trio ofguys who are going to help her out in her mission. And what a trio theyare, they get my vote for the worst characters in any film ever andinstantly took this film from a 1 out of 10 to a -2. I'm not going toname them. They are not worth it. If they weren't bad enough thevillains are also exceptionally bad, a grumpy Nazi general, and a womanwith a disfigured face, covered phantom of the opera style, with themoniker Dr Poison. In another film this might be a fun nickname,unfortunately the grayness of the Nazi's and the backdrops we find themin just make Dr Poison seem dull. There are a couple of fun moments in this film, like a trailers worth,and to be fair they are no means exceptional. Just plain standard. Assuch this is a film that has not pushed a single boundary. Spoiler (this next part reveals what happens at the end of the movie.)The worst part for me was the climatic battle at the end. It would takesome extremely effective and persuasive acting for a British malemustachioed MP type to play Ares (based on the Greek God with the samename,) here we reach the films climatic failure. The fight now justseems stupid. For what, omg, that politician guy I never cared about isAres! Facepalm. Most pointless twist ever.Superhero films seem to be popular and make a lot of money at the Boxoffice. Hopefully one day people will wake up and stop eating thisgarbage, and If you think this film represents a step in the rightdirection for feminism you probably need your head examined.