This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Long, slow, boring,people talking and talking and the most cringeworthy excuse for'comedy' I've seen. It's as if everyone involved gave up and lazilyslapped together a final product. I wouldn't be this critical if peopledidn't praise it so much, calling it the best superhero movie ever.Please.It's got a terrible lead, bad acting (Chris Pine does his best but eventhen he looks embarrassed to be there, he went from Captain Kirk to aglorified poolboy and now he's stuck in this role for life), awfulromance with negative chemistry, story that makes no sense, 90% of thefemale cast gets replaced with dudes which is supposed to empower women(has that air of "only this hot bland doe-eyed white woman is good, noother women matter.) Terrible effects, they were so bad that I thoughtthey were the funniest parts of the movie. Horrible villains, they werecartoon characters. Really clichéd, repetitive writing, it was like afirst draft of a scrip that no one bothered to look over. It'sfrustrating hearing people talk about it all the time, at least myfriends and I agreed, coming out of the theater, that it was a waste ofmoney and time and we should have left when Diana, so empowered andgroundbreaking feminist figure, began making out with the first dudeshe met after knowing him for 2 days. It makes me cringe thinking thatgirls are using this farce of a relationship as 'marriage goals' andthey'll copy WW by dressing in her skimpy skintight outfit (I compareher outfit to Batman and Superman's outfits, covered from head to toe,and it makes me sad how at the blatant sexism everyone else ignores.)This is NOT a good feminist movie. It's not even a good movie. It's aslow-motion shiny Pantene commercial with ugly kissing, bad jokes (ifyou want to count Steve stuttering as a joke), terribly writtencharacters (nobody aside from Steve had a personality or logicalcharacter arc, nearly every was a bunch of random traits slappedtogether) and a weird message ("love is what conquers war" *Dianamurders a bunch of people and the bad guy and that is supposed to beempowering* - then we infer that she sat out of World War 2, what didshe do just sit around crying about Steve for 100 years? Yeahthat's.... feminist and progressive.)It does make me feel better that the IMDb score is dropping and morepeople are less afraid to call out the flaws of this movie. One of theworst wastes of time, do not watch this trash.