How is it that these days a movie like this can be made? I'll tell youwhy. It's simply another money grab!The main actor runs around casually lifting her arms up now and then todeflect bullets. First of all, she never even trained for that! Shepracticed sword-fighting and athletics, and suddenly she can followbullets using eyesight and deflect them? She's also acting like hermind is miles away. "Do I even look good while doing this?" "What wouldmy friends and family say when they see me in this suit?" "Omg, I'mgoing to be so famous!" Girl, get your head straight. You're ruiningyour performance by not being in it!The fighting scenes are very poorly choreographed, it's almost as badas Jessica Jones.Story line is full with holes and one big cliché. Girl discovers herpowers, finds a handsome guy, falls in love and follows him whilepretending to go out and save the world because it fits the story.Handsome guy dies, fueling her rage so she can kill the bad guy. It'salmost like this travesty of a movie rolled out of a factory. There'seven a sex scene to top it of, even though Wonder Woman tells thehandsome guy that they don't need men to pleasure themselves. Feministsmust have loved that scene...The handsome guy is way to under-explained, so are his buddies. I nevercared for them at all. But whatever right? After all, I should belooking at WW. But the sad fact is, I don't care for her either! We seea few scenes with her as a little girl, and a few scenes with her as anadult before she goes out and steals the so called "God Killer" to runof with her new boyfriend.Now, I don't know anything about WW, but this "God Killer" issupposedly an ancient magical sword to be used against Ares, the badgod. This actually made sense if it wasn't for the fact that it's adud, and the true "God Killer" is WW herself. Surprise! And her motherobviously knows this, so she doesn't even care to make sure WW actuallyhas the sword before she almost callously waves her only daughterfarewell forever. In turn, WW herself doesn't care for her motherenough to reassure her she has the sword which would give her at leasta fighting chance against Ares. This complete disregard of the sword,and emotionless farewell ruined the whole movie for me. Everything elsesimply added to my frustration.She apparently knows all about the outside world, speaks like 2 dozenlanguages, knows all about sex without ever having had a real man inher life, but then acts like a little lost girl when she arrives inLondon. Apparently they forgot to educate her on "modern" society andhow to conceal a sword and shield. And while we're at it, they alsoforgot to educate her about the world war that's been ravaginghumankind. I mean, what the hell is that?! How do you protect humankindwithout knowing what's going on? Without ever having the chance toreturn home once you leave for battle? This is too stupid to evendiscuss.Whatever...