Saw Wonder Woman yesterday... quite frankly it's actually really bad.Story line all over shop, character development, all over the shop,main Charakter Wonder Woman stumbles through the movie like a naive 16year old imbecile, she's a goddess for crying out loud, the logic fornot telling her who she really is, screwed up and all over the shop.The way she kills Ares in the end, could have been achieved by tellingher who she really was from the get go and a full 2hrs earlier,granted, it would have been a short movie but better. I'm not evengetting into the feminism part of it. In Greek mythology Amazons were mainly concerned with war and wererather brutal. To be expected if they were the supposed children ofHarmonia and Ares. Yet in the movie they are portrait as peace loving,just, fair, superior beings to all mankind. But also especiallysuperior to men who are essential for procreation and uselessotherwise, really?!It wouldn't have hurt if "Wonder Woman" would have hit the gym beforefilming commenced. But I guess if your main character believes thatlove is the ultimate answer to all of mankind problems, there's no needfor that either. The rainbows one can vomit, lightning actually in thiscase, with all that fuzzy love feeling are blinding your opponents intooblivion, which she kinda did... there you go... The women training herin the movie looked fitter and in better shape than Gal Gadot despitebeing twice her age, at least in the movie. All this seemed like a badparody of Thor and captain America, without the humour, without a plot,and atrociously bad acting from an otherwise good cast. So all this really is, a quick money maker with main selling point:"Female Lead" I am all for women kicking ass, in movies as a well as real life, herehowever, to me, it's all to artificial and contrived. For example, in iron man one can believe the change Stark is goingthrough, for one, out of necessity,shrapnel in his chest, for the otherhe decided to use his wealth for the good because he actually sees whathis weapons are causing. Captain America, he's full of idealistic "Americaness" alright but iscool, most important the character does not come across as naive. WWdid not need to be so clueless. As far as the plot goes she's naivebecause she was sheltered from the world, fine, but yet she had accessto literature about how Humans procreate but not about how the worldoutside her realm operates? And the character seemed to struggle almostseems to resist to accept the reality she finds herself in. Whereasgood old captain America, after 70 years of sleep, just keeps kickingass. Her character development seems awkwardly written. To me, the biggestdisservice to the movie. Overall the movie also felt sadlydiscombobulated. And then there is the WWI one setting... no one isexpecting historic accuracy here, however, to try to glorify or findgood in something that was so absolute and inherently not good. Morespecific to bring in the gas, as was used in WWI on a massive scale forthe first time in modern warfare on top WWI having been a downrighthorror show in recent human history, dunno mate, it's bound to fail ina movie like that.Marvel also incorporated WWII in Capo America, but didn't even try tobring in the concentration camps for example, it would have opened acan of worms the audience wouldn't have bought and it's not whatcaptain America was about. Also the narrative flow is way better withMarvel I find.