Grade: A-Rating: PG-13, 141 minutesIn a Nutshell: I used to watch Wonder Woman on TV back when I was alittle girl. I loved it. I thought she was beautiful, kind, and strong.As a little girl, it made me feel like I could do almost anything. Yep,this superhero movie is about female empowerment, but it has a lot morethan that.I don't know why it has taken this long to bring Wonder Woman to theBig Screen. Maybe we were waiting for the perfect Gal Gadot.This fun action flick has just the right amount of humor and JusticeLeague magic. Warner Brothers gives us an extremely entertaining summerpopcorn blockbuster that gives Marvel a run for its money. It's part ofa set up for Justice League and a planned trilogy for Wonder Woman.Uplifting theme: "If you see something wrong happening in the word, youcan either do nothing or you can do something." - Steve Trevor (ChrisPine) "What one does, when faced with the truth, is more difficult thanyou would think." ? Diana/Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot) "It is our sacredduty to defend the world." ? Diana/Wonder Woman "Everyone is fightingtheir own battles, Diana, just as you're fighting yours." - Sameer "Apromise is unbreakable." - Diana "Only love can truly save the world."- Diana Love vs. hate, peace vs. war, humanityThings I liked: Gal Gadot and Chris Pine are both gorgeous and awesome.As Chris Pine's character explains, "I am above average." Gal Gadot hasthe perfect accent to sound exotic. As Sameer says about her, "OMG,that is a work of art." Eye candy for everyone. Great female stuntwork. Some cool and fun slow-motion, as well as sped-up actionsequences. Female director Patty Jenkins was going to film Wonder Womanback in 2005, but she became pregnant and the project was put on hold.She said she was thrilled to be able to pick up the project again,because it was the movie she had been wanting to make her whole life.She's the first woman to direct a superhero film with a femaleprotagonist. We haven't seen a female superhero since Electra in 2005.It's about time, right? Most of the CGI is very good, although itbecomes a bit heavy towards the end. Gal Gadot was actually 5 monthspregnant during some of the filming, so they put green screen on herbelly so they could remove the baby bump during post-production. I loveit when the directors and producers put themselves in small cameoperformances in their own films. In this case, producer Zack Snydershows up as a World War I soldier. Did you know this movie has beenbanned in Lebanon? Gal Gadot is Israeli and even served in themilitary. Ah, romance. I love that both Diana and Steve learn from eachother and make one another better. I wish I had one of those truthlassos. It was cool to see the symbolism of light and color illustratedin man's world and that of Themyscera. The soundtrack was noticeablygood.Things I didn't like: There are a couple of long, explanatory scenes tohelp you understand what's going on. I wish Lynda Carter, the first TVWonder Woman, could have made a cameo performance. Apparently, shesings in cabarets and couldn't fit it into her schedule. She definitelyshould have made the time for her fans. The villain was pretty weak.Interesting lines: "You let this little thing tell you what to do?" ?Diana/Wonder Woman talking about Chris Pine's watch. "You know that ifyou choose to leave, you may never return." ? Hippolyta (ConnieNielsen) "Who would I be if I stayed?" ? Diana "What kind of weaponkills innocents?" ? Diana "In this war, every kind." ? Steve Trevor *"I believe in love." - DianaFunny lines: "How could a woman ever possibly fight in this?" ? Diana"Fight? We use our principles. Although, I'm not opposed to using fistycuffs, should the need arise." ? Etta (Lucy Davis) "Please put down thesword." ? Steve "It doesn't go with the outfit." ? Etta "Welcome tojolly 'ole London!" ? Steve "It's hideous!" ? Diana "Yeah, it's not foreveryone." ? Steve "You're a man." ? Diana "Yeah. I mean, don't I looklike one?" ? Steve "Stand back! Or maybe not." ? Steve "I'm bothfrightened and aroused." ? Sameer (Said Taghmaoui) "You should be veryproud!" ? Diana after she tastes a vendor's ice cream. I feel that wayabout great ice cream too. "May we get what we want. May we get what weneed. But may we never get what we deserve." - men's toast at campfireTips for parents: You see a LOT of Chris Pine?bare naked after a bath while he covers hisjunk with his hands. Lots of violence, destruction, and explosions. At141 minutes, it's a long movie that a lot of little ones won't be ableto sit through. In the comics, the war is WWII, but the director choseto highlight WWI in the movie. Parents might need to explain thedifferences between those two wars.