I really do not understand how this movie is being hailed as the "bestsuperhero movie of the year" or the DCEU comeback to Marvel. Thismovie's script is terrible, especially the ending, which makesabsolutely no sense (I will explain in the spoilers portion below.) Italso doesn't really do anything to develop the characters. When they dotake a minute to say something about someone or add a little characterinto themselves, POOF! They're gone, not likely to return. I can'treally blame the actors and actresses here for anything because theytry to work with what they got. Unfortunately, the script does nothingto help them along. That makes the dialog bland and cliché and dragsthe movie down even more.Regarding the technical effects, they were OK. The CGI in the fightscenes had some really awkward looking shots, which made them lookreally manufactured. This is especially true in some of the slidingattacks. I almost wish that they utilized wire-fu/Hong Kong effects alittle more in these types of movies as it looks more graceful and less"weird".Overall, I say skip this one. There are better superhero movies outthere and coming soon. Spending your money on this will just make youwish you had your money back afterwards.--Stop here if you do not want to read SPOILERS-- --Stop here if you donot want to read SPOILERS--OK, let's get to why the ending sucks so bad. If you understand howanything works, you will instantly disbelieve the decision of SteveTrevor to blow himself up in the plane. It makes absolutely no senseother than to anger Wonder Woman, which was already done with the shellhitting Veld and the flashback Ares shows her. Also, there are manyways that Steve could have resolved the situation without killinghimself. First, he is in Belgium, so when the plane takes off, he couldsimply fly out into the water, drop the bombs into the ocean, then landthe plane, either back in Belgium or in England. Second, they couldshoot out the tires or the engines on the plane, making it impossibleto fly. Third, he could simply radio the Allies from the plane, or tellthe other guys to call (they did this earlier) and land in France. Anyof these would have worked as he had control of the plane.The second issue I had is the gas itself. They spout on about howblowing up the plane will effectively make a 50 sq mi. gas cloud, butnot a minute or two later, the factory and everything around it isbeing destroyed. I'm sure there were still a few bombs left in there,yet everyone seemed just fine afterwards. Also, why in the world wereguards walking around with gas masks when the gas was inside the bombsalready? They drilled it into our heads about how the gas maskswouldn't work against it, yet the guards still decided to put them on?It's just dumb. Add in the fact that mustard gas is a blister agent,with no one in the town showing blisters, as well as the fact that theymagically produce tons of this stuff in less than 24 hours for the bigbomber and it is stupidly laughable.What gets me the most about these logic issues are that it's thenon-superhero stuff that they messed up on. You had two people (gods)flying and fighting in the air during the climax of this movie and,truth be told, that was more acceptable and believable to the storythan a pilot getting into a bomber and blowing himself up. Honestly,skip this one.