Zack Snyder strikes again. He wrote the script. It shows!No character development - this is an origin story. I wanted to see howDiana becomes Wonder woman, what experiences shape her on her journey,is she ever at conflict with her values? There is no single incidentthat actually affects or moulds her in anyway. Diana is essentially WWat the beginning of the movie. She does not grow into or earn thisrole. Nothing shapes or impacts her after she is WW either. She fallsin love but would she have been a different WW otherwise? NO! In Iron Man, it took 2/3 of the movie, failures and multipleiterations, for Tony Stark to become Iron Man. His experience in thecave and learning that his weapons are used by terrorists, deeplyimpact and change him. Spider-man has to live with the guilt of hisuncle's death, learn to use his powers, understand the balance of powerand responsibility. Thor is born with all the power but it takes awhole movie for him to learn what it means to be a hero. CaptainAmerica has to become a leader and earn everyone's respect. Batman,Doctor Strange... there are so many examples of origin stories. Theself discovery and growth are not implied, they are core and intrinsicto the story. WW does not have this core - she has an objective whichis entirely different. For this reason alone, this movie is an epicfail in my book.Themyscira: I just hated this in its entirety - Weird accent. Gal Gadot couldn't fake an American accent, so they hadeveryone else try to talk like her. - Young Diana. The primary purpose is to elicit a 'cho chweet'response. She is a demi-god. There is no self discovery... why is shedifferent, stronger than everyone else; how does that affect her? - The 'train her, don't train her' non-issue. Diana gets combat traineddespite her mother (and Queen!) not consenting. The arising conflictshould have taken more than 2 lines of dialogue to be resolved. Thiswould have also impacted Diana, her mother didn't want her to learncombat and suddenly wants her to be the best. Why? This is a page rightout of Zack Snyder's Martha handbook of resolving issues.- Fighting. The creative decision was that Amazonians don't fight, theyballet. Every jump, swing from a rope, shooting an arrow, getting off ahorse is a dance move. It just looked ridiculous.Strike a pose: WW literally poses in each and every shot. She has hershoulders pushed back like she is trying to make her shoulder bladesmeet. It looks unnatural and odd. The poses are the exact same as inBvS. There is...wrists crossed in front of the face, crouching behindthe shield, standing in a wide stance and the jumping pose with oneknee bent. And they are shot exactly the same as in BvS. They probablyjust reused clips. They are not poses in the middle of a range ofmovements. It's pose, pause for 5 secs, next pose, pause for 5, repeat.Humour: This is not comic relief. They dedicated a continuous 15-20 minsegment and it all stems from the cultural differences between theAmazonians and us. The bath scene, sleeping in the boat, the secretary,the clothes trials... all stems from the same issue. It's the samematerial stretched for 15 mins and frankly gets tiresome.Villain: In a weak attempt to create twist, the villain is introducedlate in the film. There is no time to associate with the character. Thevillain exists simply as someone to be fought.Final battle: Visually, this sequence is identical to the doomsdayfight in BvS. If someone mashes these 2 scenes up, it will be hard todifferentiate one from the other.The McGuffin: There is no reason given why WW goes into hiding. What isthe entire deal with the photograph and the secrecy? There's so muchfocus on this but it's not resolved.Gol Gadot: O!M!G! Could there possibly be a better WW? But she's posingand grunting though the entire movie. Very off putting. Her actingskills fluctuate quite a bit too. Perhaps since her character alsofluctuates. WW goes from being head strong, doing what SHE wants, tonaive and easily persuaded, to emotionally distraught by the horrors ofwar, to a super hero that's reckless. BTW since she has no clue of thereal world, how does she know if she's fighting on the right side? Alsoconsidering Amazonians are warriors, for whom battle training is theonly form of recreation, why is she horrified by war?Fight Choreography: Other than the training sequence, the choreographyis a close second if not at par with the fights in Captain America 2but the slow motion ruins it completely. It's not used to accentuatethe fight, every punch goes in to slo-mo. If! everything! is!accentuated! nothing! stands! out! This coupled with the grunting justspoils each fight.Chris Pine: The best thing in the movie by a mile. His is the onlycharacter given some depth and Chris Pine did justice to the role.I understand the cultural, social and contemporary significance of thismovie. But that is not reason enough for me to love it. I feel itcompletely failed to live up to the hype, even though reviews and boxoffice prove contrary. But there may be a silver lining here. All thehype shows the love for WW and how long overdue the movie really is.I'm hoping they are going to make another one soon and I hope it'sgoing to be far better. Isn't that what a superhero movie isabout...hope?