So the hype surrounding this film over the last couple of years almostdictated this would be no good and on that score, it didn't disappoint.It starts off not too bad, with a bit of Backstory as to who thisAmazon actually is and in the main it's good though he overbearingMother is obnoxious in her protection of the young 'Diana' culminatingin her almost repeating the same sentence to two different Amazons - ToParaphrase "We can't train her, the stronger she gets the easier itwill be for him to find her"...then..."The more she knows about herself the easier it will be for him to findher"...Dumb Dumb Dumb!!!! So basically, just lock her up in a dungeonthen and let her starve. Simple. That way "he'll never find her".As soon as Pine enters the equation the film has lost. He's a terribleactor and on more than one occasion I found myself getting quite woundup at his constant intensity toward 'Diana'. He barely spoke a line,more throwing it at her or constantly talking over her in an attempt atreason. Never was he convincing.So much sadly was wrong with this film and its a real shame becausethey could've made an excellent film from this. Others seem to thinkthere was some 'Feminist agenda' going on, I never really picked thatout as one of the flaws( It is Wonder Woman after all...). No, most ofthe flaws came in dialogue, it was all to schmaltzy, not feminist butdefinitely SJW-esque. Peace, Love, Love your enemies, treat them withkindness. This film definitely had an agenda to it, and it was all tooobvious. Feminism wasn't one of them, as I say, it is Wonder Woman soshe kind of has to be a strong female character and a strong femaleinfluence. I just felt we were being preached to on a Political leveland I never enjoy that from Politicians, never mind film makers.Love saves all apparently seems to be one message from this...Well, no,Love doesn't always conquer all and there is no point serving that upto naive kids who are already brainwashed by Liberal ideals.Poor effort, and one best avoided in all honesty.