What is hard for me is to find a good part in this movie. I justcan't... What is clear for me is that Hollywood desperately wants ourmoney without delivering too much in exchange. Folks, it begins to bereally unfair! Plot/Script: a tasteless, boring mix of clichés and twisted mythology.An Amazonian daughter of Zeus (Hmmm...), who doesn't know who herfather is will save the day in World War I. Of course, no matter what,the British Empire is good and Germans are bad, of course Germans musthave a Nazi look (in World War I..., WTF??), otherwise why would youput a former member of IDF to play Wonder Woman...? And, at the end, afight with a god with a lot o fire in the background. But wait, atleast Ares, the god of war, has a mustache! Just ridiculous! The entirescript is fragmented, characters remain undeveloped sufficiently,logical fractures everywhere, i.e. why put yourself in the bullet's wayto save someone who cannot be killed by anything? Acting: just as you may have guess, Wonder Woman is played bad bygorgeous Gal Gadot. Nothing but a series of poses for magazines, tryingto look innocent but also bold and intelligent. Okay, the script didn'thelped her at all but the same bad script was played also by Chris Pineand it's something else. In fact, this movie is quite a waste of manytalents to produce two hours of nothing.. Just about to forget: in myopinion making David Thewlis, a great actor, to be Ares in this movieis an idea just as bad as making Adam Driver, another great actor, thenew Darth Vader.Effects: I think more than half of the movie was shot on green screen.Some scenery is good but some not. Why all the fighting scenes wereshot in slow motion? Why they look like a circus ballet? Good CGItechnically speaking, but quite unpolished artistically.Music: Not bad. Not memorable either. You would expect more from atalented composer as Rupert Gregson-Williams who is also, as far as Iknow, a member of Hans Zimmer's Remote Control Productions team. Buthey, he can have bad days too, can't he? And maybe, just maybe, he madethe music in the same line as the movie: nothing remarkable. In myopinion, a unique superhero should have a unique musical label inmovies. I've heard a few days ago on the radio the main theme fromSuperman. There is some distance, my friends, quite a distance! Whereare you, John Williams? Costumes: the only special costumes are those of the Amazonian warriorladies, which all look like a small upgrade of Xena. Not bad in the endbut not impressive.Overall, a bad movie, made not to entertain but to squeeze money. Veryoverrated, I simply cannot imagine on what grounds one should rate thiscrap 8 out of 10. This is why I'm giving a 1 of 10, to lower thisinflated rating. However, the real rating from my point of view wouldbe a 3 out of 10, no more.