I am careful these days. I don't generally trust overwhelmingly goodreviews and let myself be lured into the cinema by high ratings, butsomehow I fell for the high score for Wonder Woman here on IMDb.Maybe I wanted to be pleasantly surprised. Maybe I thought this couldbe the exception to the rule. At least, I didn't expect to be utterlydisappointed and bored. Where to begin? - - - SPOILERS AHEAD - - - The only thing I liked about this movie was the early action sequenceon the beach. I thought the clash between the Amazonians and the WW1soldiers was well made.Here are the things I didn't like:All the clicheés - 1. Not telling Diana who her father is 2. the 'trainin secret' clichée 3. the 'average' joke 4. the dressing montage 5. theevil German killing his own men/how cartoonishly evil he wasthe scarred, evil scientist that looks for a formula. 6. theunnecessary heightening of the evil guy's strength 7. the 'oh, WonderWoman is so stunning' by every man in the movie 8. the late predictablereveal of who Ares is etc.The whole time I was watching, I couldn't help thinking that this movieshould have been called 'Steve Trevor' instead. He is the only one witha little character development, motivation and plot. I hated that Wonder Woman was basically just following him around,deciding in the worst moment to do something foolish and run into ahail of bullets just to later lose what she fought for in thatinstance, then lose faith in an anticlimactic moment, after seeminglyhaving reached her goal.For a movie that wants to be progressive, it spent an awful amount oftime commenting on how Diana was never dressed for the occasion. Firstin London, then at the gala in Germany. And you know what? I felt bored. Really, really bored. No grippingstory, main character or action.The CGI was silly (lasso, bad guy's face, WW in some shots). Thedeflecting of the bullets was silly. The destruction of the tower andother brickwork was silly. The sword in the dress was silly. Theresolution of the movie was silly. If this review helps to stop only one person from spending money onexpensive cinema tickets and popcorn, raises doubt in the mind of onlyone young writer about the quality of Hollywood scripts, makes only oneperson wonder if we have really come this far from 1950 sexist comicWonder Woman becoming the Justice Leauge's honorary member andsecretary, then I can call myself lucky.