I wanted to like Wonder Woman, but I just can't get aboard the hypetrain. It's really the same as every other cartoonish, overblowncomic-book action movie, except with a female protagonist.Actually, this is worse than the average comic book movie, because itpreaches to the audience about pacifism but then hypocriticallycelebrates "heroic" violence. In other words: Wonder Woman is analleged pacifist who kills a bunch of people. Wonder Woman is also analleged feminist, who allows Steve Trevor to drive the entire plot andbasically steal the movie from her. Really, this thing is about asprogressive as Dick Cheney's great-great grandfather.I could forgive Wonder Woman's flimsy social commentary, if it were anygood in other respects. But the plot is loose and shabby, the CGI ispoor, and about half the scenes were shot in front of a green screen.Sometimes, I couldn't tell if I was watching a real movie, or PattyJenkins playing God of War on her Playstation 2. (When exactly didcinema and video games blend into this horrible hybrid art form, whichhas none of the beauty and charm of old-school cinema?)And don't get me started on the villains. The World War I era Germansare depicted as cartoonishly eeeevil, while the same era's BritishEmpire is held up as a heroic ideal. Meanwhile, the main villain is anightmare of bad CGI, who looks like he belongs on a 1980s heavy metalalbum cover. Naturally, they got a wonderful actor for this stupid partand wasted him entirely.Perhaps I'm going overboard on criticisms, but we need some balance tothe rapturous praise this film has received. Movie fans often accuseprofessional critics of being too harsh, but lately, I think criticshave actually become too lenient. Mainstream movies get dumber, louderand tackier all the time, and they are increasingly substitutingmawkishness for real emotion and character development. And yet thecritics have given this thing a great Rotten Tomatoes rating! I guesswe've all lowered our standards to rock bottom?