I am a huge fan of Superhero movies and i had to say i was prettyexcited for this one!! But just like every DCEU movie since ChristopherNolan's Batman trilogy its just bad script and worse directing!!Lets get to the movie now!! It started off really well and Themyscirawas portrayed in a beautiful and untouched by modern era and they gotit right.Stunning visuals and waterfalls and they showed us howPrincess Diana is a "FIGHTER" by heart and always wanted to fight forwhat is right.Amazonian women were portrayed as strong and intelligentwomen which was conveyed through the initial few scenes. Just likeevery other stereotypical Superhero movie she will become a bad-asswithin 10-15 minutes of the movie defeating everyone and uses herbraces and unleashes a mega shock-wave accidentally.They don't show herusing it again in the movie where she could have !!!! Here they mentionsomething about her heritage and nobody has a clue what the hell wasgoing on!!Then she rescues the "Dude in distress" ....Steve Trevor and the moviejust slows down to a pace just like the boat they set out to get out ofThemyscira!! Few people die during the beach invasion as expected and acouple of scenes made me go Woahh but other than that quiteforgettable.Gal Gadot was really good at portraying Wonder Woman and behaves muchlike Thor when he enters Earth. Doesn't know the curtsies or the rulesof the outside world.She was convincing as an intelligent woman whospoke more than 100 languages!! Throw in few more scenes of rescuingSteve Trevor from German spies.Here again they could have had somebad-ass action sequences but they didn't.Finally as in every other Superhero movies the hero goes and fights thebad guys...was waiting for this for so long and this was just beforethe break. On the way the heroes party(Steve Trevor and WW) is joinedby a couple of forgettable characters who were there clearly to addsome laughs but didn't actually workout. one flaw i found here wasGermans conversing with each other in English with bad accents. Thecasting choice for Ludendorff was really bad.Danny Huston was horribleas a German Military Officer and they keep calling their head "KAISER"which was how Germans referred to their head during World WarOne-according to the comics that's when actually Steve Trevor andPrincess Diana meet not during World War 2.We will skip to the Final Act because the scenes in between are reallyforgettable . The action sequences were so bad and the CGI waslaughable at certain points.It looked like a video game at one point.Final Act dropping the bombs in London.This is when the BS hit theceiling!! Diana kills Ludendorff thinking he was ARES-but boy was shewrong!! Psych-It was the well mannered British Guy....ooh mindblown....NOT!!!! Another typical fight scene where everything almostseems out of hands and defeat for the hero and the entourage butthrough some act of human behavior the Superhero gains strength to kickthe bad guy back to his place. Here again she doesn't use her powerfulbraces for the main villain!!!Overall a really OVER hyped ,Cliched,Poorly directed,badly cast with ahorrible story well of course Zack Snyder was involved what else didpeople expect the Story to be!!