As we all know, Zack Snyder (BvS) has a very different vision ofsuperhero movies than Joss Whedon (Avengers). This movie felt like amish-mash of both incompatible styles. Scenes just happen without anyconnectivity, the plot is so generic it could have been written by a5-year old. The attempt by WB Studios to Marvel-ise the movie bybringing in Joss Whedon and shoe-horning in comedy elements isnauseating. Yes, Flash has his comedic moments, but they feel very outof place. Superman's jokes are just out of character for what has beenestablished. This should not please BvS and Man of Steel fans, nor should it pleaseMarvel fans who are more into character chops and comedy. What we haveis a very unfocused movie with such an uninteresting villain that Ifelt like they just dragged and dropped him from a Mortal Kombatcutscene. Whatever they were trying to establish with Cyborg's struggleas a half-man half-machine falls way flat, so does Wonder Woman'sattempt at being an anchor for the morality of the team. Batman justmopes around and Flash just goofs around. Jason Momoa was a standout,but that's the point - not enough screen time is devoted to any ofthese characters for us to like them. There are no character arcs. There are certainly some good set pieces in the movie - the Amazonfight was good, so was the final fight scene, although it was veryobvious they color-corrected much of it to look at least visible to thenaked eye and for that I am thankful to Mr. Whedon. The stand-out scenefor me was when Superman wakes up - Superman's fight with the team(although contrived in response to the success of Civil War) wasinteresting and I perked up for a moment, only to be undercut bySteppenwolf going "YOINK! Stole your BOX" and Superman returning toSmallville for the highly predictable recuperation scene with a sub-parLois Lane performance and his mother (MARTHA!). Honestly, they missed alot of great potential conflict with that subplot. All-in-all, I am surprised by how much everybody seems to be likingmovie. I can only attribute that to the die-hard DC fanboyism and thevocal immature majority of the internet. I just want to know what thecomic book fans think of this movie. So many great stories involvingthe Justice League (can someone please show Chris Terrio and his WBoverlords the Timmverse JLA series?) This movie falls flat on its faceinto sub-par cheese cartoonish territory with the rushed team-up plotline and no focus of character chemistry. This is exactly what youwould expect from a Zack Snyder helmed WB-DC product which Joss Whedonwas hired cleaned up. Kudos to Joss Whedon for adding/modifying scenesthat made the movie at least slightly watchable, but I would have lovedto have seen a Justice League movie totally helmed by Joss Whedon, oreven one which truly represented Zack Snyder's vision (however bad itmay be). A 50-50 product just made it schlock-central, a betrayal toall involved in the creative process and insulting to the viewers.