Justice League felt like going through a list of specifications with noidentity whatsoever. It's not a bad movie per se, it's just extremelydull. Of course there's nothing new in the photo department but that'sto be expected, it's kind of an identity for the whole DCEU. I don'tlike it but hey, that's an artistic choice I won't criticize here, atleast it's coherent. But some flaws are more crippling than that. Every single characterization was a bit off and some of them felt likethey were forced, especially Barry Allen. Still, the actors do the bestthey can with the material so it's not unbearable. Every situation (and even the chain of events) is so predictable(cliché even) that it gets you out of the movie. This level of "nothingnew" is damaging to the story as it stops you from caring aboutanything. And it seems like the producers knew this cause they threw inthe mandatory helpless family so that you could sense the danger a bitmore. After all, it's just the end of the world, how could you care ifthere was no kid in immediate danger ? Oh wait... Still, even thatfalls flat as their scenes (and they're not the only ones) are filledwith incoherent behaviors that were put there just so that the plot cango forward. I attended a screening where the only bursts of joy (or emotions atall) occurred when a new character appeared. Kind of a "fanboy effect"that fills you with hope at the sight of one of your beloved comicscharacters. But the rest of the time, everyone was quite bored andnumerous sighs were heard. In a sense, it reassured me as I understoodI was not the only one who was disappointed in the movie.*****The following paragraph might contain a minor SPOILER (dependingon what you consider a spoiler)***** Plus, something else bothered me. But I know everyone won't agree onthis one cause it's kind of a speculation. All the points above stillstand even if I'm wrong about it. So here it is : Justice League feltlike it was a failed attempt to adapt the Avengers in the DCEU. And I'mnot talking about the strangely similar theme. Nor am I referring tothe tension inside the team before they reconcile that felt like awatered-down version of what we saw in the 2012 movie by Whedon. Butthe characters are bent so that they match their Marvel counterparts.The Flash takes the place of the slightly weaker and wisecrackingHawkeye, Aquaman clearly corresponds to Thor with his royal andout-of-place persona, Wonder Woman goes through the same soldier-leader dilemma as Cap did and even Batman is slightly changed so thathe's closer to Tony Stark (making decisions that make absolutely nosense for the world's best detective that we all know and love). That'sa shame cause DC characters are interesting and have a lot more tooffer than a mere copy. *****END OF POSSIBLE SPOILER*****As of 11/16/2017, this movie has an 8.1 score here on IMDb. Now I'm nota hater and won't say it's the worst movie in history but more than 8 ?Seriously ? It barely does the job so it's a 5 out of 10 for me.