"Justice League" is one of the most anticipated for a lot of people. We have all dreamed of seeing these heroes on the screen for an eternity, and we finally have it. The DCEU hasn't had a good track record, and it's no secret that I haven't been too kind to it myself. They're 1 for 4 in my opinion. Now...they're 1 for 5.I went in giving it a chance. I gave it a chance. I wanted to like it. It's the Justice League for crying out loud. But it's just not a good movie. Everything we hated about BvS is in this movie. They didn't listen. They try to add some humor into the movie but it doesn't work, and it's mostly with the Flash. It came across as forced and none of the jokes were funny. It had some tonal issues, mostly it was a movie trying to be dark and serious and twisted but then there are attempts at humor that really throw the movie off its rhythm. Steppenwolf was a lame villain, with a very generic villain plan. His plan involves these three boxes that are portals, and he has parademons and they try to bring about the end of the world and the Justice League has to stop them. Did i mention beams in the sky yet? His CGI is atrocious. For a movie with a rumored $300 million dollar budget you would think the visual effects team would at least try to make it not look noticeable. it was and it was really distracting. And it wasn't just Steppenwolf. They do the slo-mo action sequences, which I haven't been a fan of for a long time, but I understand that is Zack Snyder's style. I had heard about the movie being flawed, but fun. I can say I didn't think it was fun. There were some moments Where I felt I was having fun but then in the same scenes there was something that just took away from that fun. Even if the movie wasn't executed properly, which it wasn't, I wanted to have some fun, and unfortunately I didn't feel as if I did.There is some bad editing and cropping too. I noticed some obvious ADR moments and a lot of the heads were cut off when it came to cropping scenes. Characterization is really thin, the plot is thin, there's plot holes galore thanks to the mandated two hour runtime. This is a band of superheroes that deserves better than what we got.I am going to give "Justice League" a D+. 