I really tried. I really, really tried. Reaching an expectation is like chasing a moving car. If you don't knowwho you're chasing, you don't know where they're going, why they'regoing. There is an impossibility to reaching expectations; I strugglewith this reality going into every major blockbuster. "Temper yourexpectations." "You want every movie to succeed." Never have I wanted amovie to fail. A failing movie means we don't get more of the art, andgetting someone to pay and adapt beautiful art is reason enough to keepmaking art. Justice League is not art.I once read this article about how Geoff Johns and Zack Snyder havedifferent visions of DC, because of Watchmen. Johns deplores the bleakworld Alan Moore created. Snyder made a romance of it. You wouldimagine they'd have differing views of Superman. Justice League beginswith found footage of kids interviewing Superman about what he thinks ahero is. I should have known what I was in store for as the first shotof Superman we get is one of his lower-face comically CGI'd to removethe mustache Henry Cavill grew for MI6. It's so obvious. The skin tonein his upper face doesn't match the lower one, and it just looks bad inall respects. The entire movie attempts to glorify Superman'saccomplishments and what he stood for without offering any substance ofwhat he actually stands for. There's no sense that the loss of Supermanreally turns the world upside down until the Motherboxes are awoken andscream for Steppenwolf, of whom, I guess, was just waiting aroundsomewhere for thousands of years until Superman died, of whom only cameto Earth a few decades prior. But, whatever, "don't focus on the plotissues."You don't get a sense, outside of Wonder Woman -- and we only know herbecause Patty Jenkins gave us a hopeful introduction earlier this year-- that any of these heroes embody what Superman stands for. You don'tget a sense that they even know what he stood for. But that is a clearthread Snyder and whoever made this wants you to explore. They did a"Death of Superman" story without allowing us to really know Supermanand to know everyone important and Superman impacted them and/or theworld. They just tell you "hey, Superman is a beacon, and you shouldlook at him like one." 'Show, don't tell.'The Batman BvS introduces us to is broody, rich. You can tell that hisinfamous trauma very much drives his life's work, his decision making.The Justice League Batman is a neutered icon. His only endearingquality to the team is he's "rich." Aside from Batman's guilt atcausing Superman's death, you can't point to me a line of dialogue thatsays Batman believes anything he's doing in this movie is for the'right thing.' "Stopping Steppenwolf and his invading army to save theworld is the 'right thing.'" Okay.The first time Batman meets a Parademon, he struggles in the fight. Isthere even one time Batman wrecks a Parademon with his elitehand-to-hand combat moves? Every scene the League fights together inBatman requires the use of his toys, especially the big toys. I canunderstand that Batman is not superhuman, but in every fight scene hefelt utterly useless compared to everyone else. If you've read aJustice League comic, you know Batman is exceptionally intelligent andthat intellect allows Batman to truly stand alongside everyone else.You don't get a sense of that in this movie, it's probably all thetimes Batman says "uh oh." Let's not even forget how much he pines forSuperman and especially his assistance during the latter fight scenes.This is the same guy that just tried to kill Superman in the lastmovie? Give me Scott Snyder's Batman, Tom King's Batman. One time,please!If Justice League was the pilot for a show on HBO (it wouldn't be onHBO because HBO wouldn't waste so much money putting garbage outthere), it would be fine. I would probably finish the season and leaveit at that. Unfortunately, it was a major studio production that had mesitting there waiting for the post-credits stinger thinking 'maybe it'sjust impossible to make something good, coherent, cohesive with thesecharacters.'