I honestly don't understand some of the fan reviews I've been readingabout this film... It's as though we've been watching very differentmovies.I went in to Justice League with an open mind, having had problems withSnyder's previous films (though not hating them) and having lovedWonder Woman. I have to say that despite my best efforts to see pastsmall problems, I found it very difficult to like this movie. I am afan of primarily the DC trinity. Have been for at least 15 years, and Iknow that would lead people to think that my problems are likely anobjection to the changes from the source material. Let me assure you,they are not. This movie is, at times, disjointed and aloof. It leavestoo many things unexplained; so much so that it becomes distracting.Furthermore, it is completely riddled with CGI. There's even evidenceof CG in scenes that I wouldn't think require much CG. Most of theworst CG are found in scenes with the villain or Superman.Let me clarify, there are redeemable qualities in this movie. Almostevery time Wonder Woman is on screen, she makes the movie better. Istill don't take issue with Ben Affleck's portrayal of Batman/BruceWayne (his motivations and decisions are another matter). I foundCyborg surprisingly compelling. There are a few funny jokes (but also afew truly terrible ones). I was actually excited by some of thebackstory and Easter eggs in the movie (the flashback was a highlightfor me). And I can really appreciate what they were going for here, butthe execution was so problematic.I hated how the amazons were treated in this movie and how they wentfrom wearing roman-style armour in the previous (female directed) film,to stylized bikini-clad warriors in this (male directed) movie. 2 stepsforward, one step back I guess.I mostly hated the dialogue and the unanswered questions. The dialogue,like most Zack Snyder movies is so unnatural and ridiculous, not evenJoss' snappy word play could save it. At one point Superman says "but Ialso believe in Justice" and I rolled my eyes so hard I thought I wouldpass out. The villain is never properly explained. Like, how did he gethere? How does he have access to his minions? What is his larger plan?I know that it all ties to a larger villain, but it's not explained tothe audience. The casts' abilities and power levels are all over theplace and the new recruits are given no explanation as to how or whythey would suddenly be capable to do battle on the level of the DCtrinity (who have trained in combat).I could go on, but there's no point. It will do well. It's the firsttime we've seen some of these characters, so we'll get more of this andthe criticisms won't ultimately matter. But DC could learn a lot fromMarvel. It's worth taking your time to build up a cohesive narrativerather than trying to play catch-up. I'd recommend waiting to see itrather than spending $20 to see it in a theatre. Save your money forThor Ragnarok.