I? thought this movie was just sub-par nothing out of the water. Toavoid getting the wrong impression first off I'll say I'm quite a bigfan of DC comics grew up on the JLA animated series and still to thisday I? read their comics from time to time. Getting that out the way I?was rather looking forward to visiting the cinema for this. However I?was not going in expecting something that would paramount the mediumthat is film but rather just with the idea of hoping somethingriveting. In the end the movie has many recurring issues that have beenprevalent through this connected universe. Before getting to thatthough, this movie does have a few positive things to note of. Onebeing it has it's way with the audience unlike much of the previousfilms in this cinematic universe (except WW) it's entertaining andenjoyable at times with a much more light-hearted and ebullient, mainlybecause of the great cast which definitely supports the film. All theactors are great as a collective part and they also decided to doSuperman right which leads to probably my favorite scene in the filmOnce he's brought back to life he's oblivious and unable to recognizeanyone so he takes on the entire JL on his own which which instantlyreminds me of the comics and the JLA Series itself and at the same timeshowing us how capable he is in this set universe. Even the Flash'scharacter is very faithful to the one we've come to love in the comicsand the animated series, someone who is fond of making one too manyjokes and is often seen to be rather obnoxious. I? even once or twicefound find myself smiling or laughing which is something to look atwhen bringing up this film in comparison to the others that havepreviously come out in the DCEU. But now with that being said thepositives in this film often hide and attempt to make the flaws andholes in the film not as noticeable. It isn't to say the attempt tomake things more gleeful and light-hearted is wrong but it'smisleading. This film is rushed from the start and never fully takesits time to develop and explain the characters which isn't asnoticeable because of what I? mentioned earlier. However it is easy forme at least to let this pass because as a someone who knows all thesecharacters and understand all their backstories and how they came to beI? kind of have it filled in for myself. But on the other side of thecoin their is the casual movie goer to which I? would consider myselfas a movie goer and someone who appreciates the medium that is film.The casual movie goer isn't always aware of all these things andneither should they be entitled to knowing all these things in allhonesty. And then from there we are quickly rushed into some expositionand a means of gather the group to prevent the big bad of the film"Steppenwolf" from getting the mother boxes. To which I? add has zeropersonality and is completely a throwaway villain whom we willcompletely forget about. Which adds to this feeling of the film feelingrushed and it leads to the films big predictable ending to which mostsuperhero movies use. Also the way the movie was edited and cut you canacutely see that this was messed with during post production and themovie often feels like two separate movies at times, one being JossWeadon's Justice League the other Zach Snyder's Justice League. Thereisn't any balance although the more light hearted hopefully ideals comethrough much more in the film since they brought Joss Weadon on whofound great success in doing so with Marvel. The movie often see itselfjoking around and poking at things but then demands itself to be takenmore seriously at times which isn't wrong but it's something that onlyworks when earned. It comes with developing characters and trying tomake a story that we can all can remember 20 years from now. Toconclude this I? must say I? went in with a open positive mind ratherthan looking back and seeing what has come to be a rather disappointingsetup for a cinematic franchise at times and I? got more than what I?expected. But it ultimately underachieves at creating a riveting storywith memorable characters and focuses more on its plot which is far toogeneric and predictable to ever be remembered.