After years of speculation and uncertainty, DC Films' answer toMarvel's Avengers is finally here. But is it necessary? Fans, moviepundits, studio suits and everyone else in between can argue over thisfor years. The answer is irrelevant, and given the outcome, evenrhetorical. As awkward as it sounds, Justice League - with no less than five latexclad superheroes - is the finale to director Zack Snyder's trilogy(following Man of Steel and Batman Versus Superman) but also distancesitself from the previous two by trying to fix common complaints aboutthose films - too dark and no spunk, we said. Well guess what; Themakers behind Justice League heard our protests and made this film asbright as day. There's also some humour that will draw a genuine smirkfrom all but the sternest viewer or harshest critic. That's it.Everything else is an incoherent, incomplete, unguided, unwanted mess. The problems are plenty because that mess is all over the place. On onelevel, the world is still mourning the death of Superman. Like theprevious film, Biblical analogies are apparent, but only if you care tolook below the surface and only if you know what to look for; which iswhy a genuine question in this film is whether or not a God can beresurrected, and if so, should that happen. Then the tone shifts tofamiliar territory. On another level, the planet is about to bedestroyed by Steppenwolf (played by Ciarán Hinds by bizarrely imitatingLiam Neeson), an alien general done up with bad CGI. And then there isBruce Wayne who claims his superhero ability is being rich. If thatisn't a stab at Tony Stark, is it meant to be funny? After hobblingalong with these one-liners for an hour, the titular roster is setupfor the first and bombastic clash of superpowers. But by this time weare essentially watching two movies, and it won't take long before itdawns on the viewer that something isn't quite right. Or not altogetherthere. Even as alarming as that sounds, there is yet another movie whichstruggles to break through the superficial cracks of the main movie,and this is probably why Justice League is almost forgivable - The ideaof a team of misfits trying to fit, (which made The Avengers hugelyentertaining) seems to find some footing in this film too. EzraMiller's Barry Allen, AKA The Flash, holds a candle to Tom Holland'sPeter Parker. For better or worse, Miller even has a lot more pep thanBen Affleck's Bruce Wayne and Batman combined! Another welcome additionis Jason Momoa as the brooding Aquaman, and although there's somethingfishy about his supersonic speed, there's not much else explored.When it works, it's because of the camaraderie between some of thecharacters. Along with Miller's Flash, Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman isalmost always one of them. Consistency, though, is not a strong pointin this film. In the end, and despite being salvageable, Justice Leagueis content with breeding familiarity. This includes a villain that isboth weak and boring, and with an agenda that we have seen one too manytimes. As for Ray Fisher's Cyborg, there's little doubt that anyonewill remember how and why he is a member of the League. While all thisis still forgivable given Snyder's tragic personal loss during filming,the biggest undoing is a superhero film unsure of what it wants to be.Which again asks ? was this necessary?