The movie has a very good pace, thanks to its straightforwardnarrative/plot. The chemistry between all the characters (includingSimmons, Irons, Adams & Lane) is amazing, and I think we have to thankboth Snyder and Wheddon for it. I was a bit worried about how the scorewould fit the finished product, but at the end it all fit perfectly.There are lots of memorable scenes/moments and small details thatreally put a smile on my face.What about that awesome Batman scene? I hope Affleck comes back for athird movie, whatever that movie might be, because his performance wasamazing, IMHO. This was the natural evolution for his character, comingout from the dark place where he was at the beginning of BvS and becomethe hero he once was. I loved the Bruce/Alfred interactions in BvS, andJL keeps that going. The scenes with Gordon are also great, Simmonsdoes a great job.Gal keeps doing an amazing work as Diana/Wonder Woman, and I think bynow, even the most avid naysayers have to admit that. The interactionsbetween Diana/Wonder Woman and Bruce/Batman are also a highlight. Wishthe scene we saw in the first teaser, when they talk about Aquaman, wasin the movie.As for the newcomers: they all did an amazing job. I was impressed withRay Fisher's Victor/Cyborg throughout the movie, and that scene at theend when he changes his armor to the more classic armor from the comicswas perfect. Momoa is a bad-ass Aquaman, period. Can't wait to see moreof him (and Mera) in the solo movie. Since the beginning we all knewthat Barry/The Flash would be one of the lighter elements of the movie,and he works perfectly. Great performance as both Barry and The Flash,with great interactions with all the team members. The scenes with hisdad added something else to his character. The super speed FX were topnotch. Steppenwolf served his purposed, and despite being full CGI, it workedwell, IMHO. I wasn't expecting a villain with deep motivations or bigexplanations for his actions. He tried to invade Earth and he got beatup, so he came back for round 2. That's more than enough so set thingsin motion and to get the team together. Loved when he said "ForDarkseid!".Now, Superman. His character arc came full circle in Justice League. Heno longer is the rookie on his first day on the job, and no longer isthe troubled hero unsure about his actions. I know people criticizedhis characterization in MoS and BvS, but all of that was needed to gethim where he stands now: he is Superman. In a movie where the MotherBoxes are a central elements, it makes sense that they used their powerto bring him back. Loved that clash between him and the others,specially when Barry sees that Superman is aware of him coming fast.And then it all comes to Lois: she's the key. I wish they had given atleast 10 more minutes to explore Superman's return and that the scenein the farm had included the lines about the ring. In the finalshowdown everyone sees the confident Superman doing what he does best:serving justice.The mid and post-credits scenes: the first one is clearly for the fans,and the second one really puts the cherry on top of the cake. It wasgreat to see Lex again, even if it was just for a few seconds. Everyonein the movie theater went crazy when they saw Deathstroke!Justice League is one hell of a ride, from beginning to end. Sure, itfeels a bit short, but that's far from being a problem. I hope theBlu-ray includes some of the scenes left out from the theatrical cut.