Whether or not you feel like arguing for DC or Marvel, a good movie isa good movie, regardless of who made it. The terms 'fun' and 'dark' arethe two that get tossed around the most when comparing these twofranchises, and while many people are wrong to like a movie based onits tone, I can gladly say that not much complaining can be done aboutthe tone of Justice League. Meshing light and dark to form a solidmixture of the two, due to some unfortunate circumstances behind thescenes, may have actually made this a better film than it originallywas, but who really knows. As I said, the tone of this film is great inmy opinion, but the movie itself is quite the mixed bag. There is a lotof fun to be had with Justice League, but here is a weighing of thepros and cons of this highly anticipated addition to the DC Universe offilms.The premise is quite simple. An evil force in Steppenwolf has arrivedand needs to find three so-called mother boxes in order to take overthe world. Using what little backstory that Bruce Wayne has on manysuper-powered people, he, along with the help of Diana, form a team totake him down. With the hope that Superman may also return, this teammust do everything they can to hopefully save the day. Although thesecharacters are all a joy to see interacting with each other, hereinlies the biggest issues with the film as a whole.There isn't much to say about the villain here because his storyline isalmost too simple to even want to describe. He's a generic bad guy thatwants to take over the world, who really only exists in order to makethis team feel the need to band together and save the world. When avillain is just a tool for a team to exist, the overall impact of yourmovie won't ever reach a high point. That being said, even though thevillain ruins the entire film for me every time he's on-screen, thecharacters surrounding him and how they all come together was reallythe highlight of the movie, making the price of admission worth it.No, characters like Cyborg, Aquaman, and The Flash aren't given quiteenough backstory to really feel for them, but the casting of them isterrific and the little screen time they're given is fantastic. Theirinteraction with one another was great and I can't wait to see more ofthem in the future. There's honestly nowhere to go but up from thismessy installation.Ben Affleck and Gal Gadot once again bring everything they have to thetable and they sure seem to be making these characters their own, so Ireally hope they stick with this franchise for at least a few moreyears, because I feel as though there are some entertaining stories tobe told if the post-credits sequences have anything to say about it.Many people will be going into this film hoping for some excitingSuperman action, and although I won't give anything away for fans, I'llsimply state that his small presence is more than worth the wait. Likein Man of Steel, his character, along with Lois Lane and his motherMartha definitely adds some great emotion to certain elements of thefilm. In terms of entertainment, this movie held my interest from startto finish and I'm actually looking forward to seeing the futureprogression of these characters after these first rocky few films. Ilike these characters a lot. They just deserve better films.In the end, comic book fans will have their share of shrieks throughoutthe film, from cameos to world-building, but it really just comes downto whether or not this is a good movie for the majority of audiences toflock out and see. Upon reflection, I enjoyed much more about this filmthan I disliked, so I would warrant a recommendation, but only to thosewho've followed each installment since Man of Steel, because notknowing who certain characters are would be a detriment to yourexperience.The movie feels very rushed, but there are great character moments tomake up for that. Even though there is some very obvious CGI workthroughout the film, the action is exciting and a joy to see on the bigscreen. Even though the villain is terrible, the team is a blast to seeinteracting on-screen. I seem to be finding a pro for every con, but itjust comes down to whether or not I had a good time, and that's apretty definitive yes. Justice League is a mess, but it's a mess I hadfun with and that shows promise for the future. I enjoyed myself forthe most part.