Wooooow! This movie was everything that I could hoped for in a team of superheroes movie. It was fun, intense, exciting, full of action and humor at the same time. And overall one heck of a very entertaining superhero movie. I had lots of fun watching this movie from beginning till end. The start of the movie was already making us intrigued, then slowly the revealing of other superheroes were totally cool. It was very enjoyable to see one by one introduced to us.When Wonder Woman was shown again, my wife was very ecstatic and she immediately was reminded why she loved that movie so much. Then when we were shown The Flash, Aquaman and Cyborg's abilities when they teamed up to fight Steppenwolf, it was amazing. But what was very enjoyable was actually the performance of Ezra Miller as the Flash, who was characterized as very fun, young superhero. He was able to make me less upset for taking over the role which I thought should have gone to Grant Gustin who portrayed as the Flash in the TV series. Lots of the funny moments involved him. Jason Momoa I think suit the role of Aquaman (and I cannot wait to see his solo movie in 2018). While Cyborg was the one character that felt not too much explored (perhaps only my feeling), although he did have brief moment of fun when relating with Barry Allen.The action sequences here were absolutely thrilling, intense and greatly done. There were so many of them that I loss count (not that I was really counting anyway). The solo fights of the superheroes, their brief internal fights and of course the climax scene which was totally awesome but still showed a bit of surprisingly funny moment (be sure not to miss that part). There were not a lot of dramatic moment here but as a movie of superhero team, this one certainly did not disappoint. My wife and I who are fans of comic superheroes, were really satisfied and absolutely thrilled with the whole movie. We even think of possibly watching the movie once again.The special effects and the sound effects were awesome! I am confident that you would get an even better experience watching it in a good quality theaters, especially ones with Dolby Atmos or in IMAX as it was shown in the end credit scene that the movie was specially formatted for IMAX. Talking about the end credit scene, there was 1 fun scene in the middle and another important scene at the very end which would give us excitement of the future movie of DC Extended Universe. I know that some people still could not find the good in the movie, perhaps due to the bias/low expectation, but I totally feel that it would be a shame if this movie was not enjoyed as a fun superhero movie. I honestly hope it would make most people satisfied. I am really recommending this to be seen as soon as you can, so you could discuss the movie with your friends or families. 