Seeing one of the greatest superhero team ever on a big screen is thebiggest childhood fantasy for many. Oh well! Then you must be sorry towitness this movie. The humor was a mess and the plot and dialogueswere too slow and yes you guessed it, this movie again mourned for thedeath of Superman for almost 15 minutes! Come on you already mournedfor him for 30 minutes in the last movie.There's no character developer, no touching verses and nothing thatwould make the movie worth a watch.For Aquaman and Batman fans, "Sorry to say that it's such a worst timefor you to live in this planet". Batman was nothing but a pathetichuman whose incapable of doing anything, even driving a plane or car orwhatever. It's more like this Batman didn't even had a working brain ofa normal human with poor planning skills. He's just plain stupid, andAquaman does nothing but discouraging others, a frightened guy and adude who can't even fight properly underwater but just jumps here andthere on air sometimes. There was a good tension building up towardsclimax only to be ruined completely making it a joke. * WARNING SPOILER ALERT:*Long story short: Announcing everyone that Superman is dead, showinghow hopeless this world is without Superman and how everyone is tryingto cope up without Superman, villain sees death of Superman as anopportunity and invades the world that's without Superman, Other dummyheroes tries to fight and fails pathetically, Batman plans to resurrectSuperman but ridiculed and even beaten up by his teammates for that.However they resurrect him he then beats everyone (and only just throwsBatman off but Batsy takes up a heavy damage, OH POOR BATSY) and fliesaway. While every other dummy heroes tries their best to fight offSteppenwolf (Batman does nothing by the way, he's more like asupporting cast during this fight) when all hope is lost Superman comesand saves the day without a sweat. What an amazing plot! Gosh! Everyone thank Zack Snyder for turning our childhood fantasy intoa nightmare yet again.