So after seeing Batman vs Superman, I didn't exactly have high hopesfor this film. The trailer, particularly, with it's sacrilegiousabomination cover of the Beatles' Come Together, gave me mixed feelingsabout it.DC have been playing catch-up with Marvel for ages, and it reallyshows. Half of the Justice League have already been introduced fromprevious films. The others (Aquaman, the Flash, and Cyborg) are giventheir proper debut here (no, I'm not counting their brief cameos in theother films) and the film does its best to integrate them into thestory. The film is your standard 'evil overlord tries to take over the world'plot, with Batfleck trying to assemble the Justice League. The teamhave some funny lines occasionally, which I feel is thanks to JossWhedon being one of the screenwriters, but once again, the Zack Snydertropes come to the surface with numerous sped up/slo-mo action scenes.There were also a few lines of dialogue that made me cringe.The film overall is enjoyable but there are pacing issues. The villainof the piece is particularly forgettable. They try to build this senseof scale that looks grand and epic but ultimately it doesn't quite liveup to the hype, in my opinion.If we're talking about wasted potential, how about JK Simmons asCommissioner Gordon? I really hope he has more time to shine in futurefilms because he had no reason to be in this film other thanestablishing his presence in the DC Universe. Also, speaking of wastedtalent/useless characters, Amy Adams as Lois Lane... I swear to God,her character development is halted in its tracks beyond simply 'I loveSuperman'. It's ridiculous.That aside, the main heroes perform well here. I particularly enjoyedEzra Miller's interpretation of the Flash. Jason Momoa is just awesomein everything. Gal Gadot is great as Wonder Woman, yet again, RayFisher makes a good Cyborg (I found it ironic that his Dad was theactor who played Miles Dyson in Terminator 2) and Ben Affleck continuesto be great as Bruce Wayne.Not terrible, not fantastic, but it's in the healthy middle ground forme.