Unlike BvS, in this all the characters have their character and personality defined.The Flash is the nicest of all, he is the comic relief all the time. Aquaman is like a rocker, a rebel without a cause who is enjoying "la vida loca" and I want to see him in his solo movie. Cyborg is the most bitter, as it is a marginalized human-machine- alien mix. Batman and Wonder Woman have a good chemistry, and WW is still amazing. This is the Superman that I wanted to see in the cinema.The aspect of the parademons is incredible, they are like a kind of hybrid between vampires and insects and the combats with the protagonists are spectacular. Steppenwolf is horrible, very soft, lacked rudeness and character, in addition the CGI is bad, it seems a badly made video game.The CGI in Themyscira for example is terrible, but the action sequence is impressive. The reshoots are noticeable, like the CGI to remove the mustache to Henry Cavill.The dialogues of the film are not very good. The story is simple and is set for the common viewer to understand, simply "the bad guy wants 3 mother boxes to take down the world."The film fix some holes in BvS. The colors of the film are really high, they are alive and with intensity, totally different from BvS because of what the darkness was criticized.The film is cut, the priority of WB is obvious, and the scissors between the action scenes is visible to the naked eye, in addition many of the scenes of the trailers are not here.The action is good but in the previous films it is better. OST of #DannyElfman is forgettable, you just hear the theme of classic superman of 1978 and Batman of 1989 (And at the beginning when it comes in WW you hear Hans Zimmer's). The previous films were action dramas and the change of tone of this film is action adventure and comedy (they started the change with WW) and take the right path. It is not an epic film but in spite of all the failures I have HOPE in this universe. I liked it very much.PS: the two post-credits scenes are very good.