Finally the Justice League movie has arrived. Some of us have waitedall of our lives for this film, but is it any good?Justice League is directed by Zack Snyder and stars Ben Affleck, GalGadot, Henry Cavill, Cieran Hinds, Jason Mamoa, Ezra Miller, Amy Adams,Jeremy Irons and J.K. Simmons. The story picks up where Batman VSuperman left us. After the death of Superman the world has descendedinto chaos, but it's only the beginning. An alien invasion is on it'sway led by the ruthless Steppenwolf. Now our heroes must put theirdifferences aside and work together to save the planet!It's well known that this film had a very difficult production. ZackSnyder had to step down do to a family tragedy and Joss Whedon tookover and did some rewrites and shot extra scenes. One of my biggestfears going into this film was that it would feel like to differentmovies into one. With to different directors with each there distinctstyle it definitely was a risk, but i would say that it's not the case.Justice League feels like it's one director's vision, luckily. But still this film suffers from a lot of problems. If you have beenfollowing my account for a while you will know that Justice League isone of my most anticipated films of the year. I also liked most of theother DCEU films, but sadly Justice League is a step down in myopinion. My main complaint and the biggest issue with it is that itfeels very rushed in it's storytelling. A lot of conflicts are set upextremely quickly and therefor you don't feel the emotion that clearlywas intended from the director. The rumor going around is that WarnerBros. mandated the films 2 hour run time, and in a lot of instances itfeels like something is missing. Even whole scenes feels like they aremissing. Also the CGI in this film Sometimes looks very bad and thistakes you out of the movie sadly. These are the main complaints i have. As for the positives there are still a lot of great things here. Thenew characters of Aquaman, The Flash and Cyborg are all portrayed verywell and, though rushed, compelling characters. Especially EzraMiller's Flash provides a lot of the humor. This is another good thingfor some. Surprisingly Batman delivers a lot of the humor and i thinkit suite his character in this film. Justice League is a quite funnyfilm and much more lighthearted than previous installments of thisfranchise. Sometimes though this becomes too much as the films lacksthe seriousness that films like Wonder Woman had. The film isdefinitely best in the first half. I think the death of Superman ishandled very well in the first act. The team dynamic is also a clearpositive. The members have interesting arguments and conversations thatwe didn't get enough of. And when the team is United and startfighting, it's exciting for any fan to watch! To sum up my thoughts Justice League is overall a disappointment. Itfeels rushed in almost every way and the story and film as a wholesuffers from it. Also Steppenwolf as the villain feels like youreveryday disposable Marvel villain like Malekith. There still are goodthings to see in this film and while watching i was entertained, butJustice League should have been much better. The first time thislegendary team is on screen should have been an epic moment but itwasn't. Sadly.Final rating: 6/10