The first Jeepers Creepers film terrified me to my very soul. I didn'thave a night with a dry bed for weeks after watching it. I was only 7years old at the time, so it had a lasting impact on me. I only sawwhat Jonathan Breck looked like without the creeper make up last yearwhen i did a random google search of him after hearing about this film.The second one was definitely less scary but still had some thrills andexciting action set pieces. This third entry is as big a step down asis seemingly possible. Every decision that could have been made to makethe film scare free and boring was made. Giving the Creeper a "WesleySnipes Blade Trinity" red shirt for no particular reason (A shirt hemust have picked out at the end of JC1 then decided wasn't his style atthe end of this film seeing as he does not wear it in JC2) Having himappear in broad daylight for the first time, making his make up appearsillier and taking away his menace. And having him fly around in CGIthat could have been cooked up by a film school student on his day off.I really could continue for about 9,000 more words of all the othermistakes this movie makes but I'll summarise the rest.There is virtually no plot or character development. A bunch of randompeople in a town come across the creeper and end up like all his otherfriends in the cave from JC1. We learn little about any of them andfeel nothing as they become the creeper's lunch. We get frustratinglyclose to figuring out where it comes from but are denied entry,continuing the unwelcome Hollywood trend of just answering all thosequestions in a sequel which may never arrive. Why didn't they justanswer all of it in this one? I mean seriously this could have tiedtogether the story of the first 2 movies in a perfect thread butinstead rips it open and leaves gaping holes, messing with thecontinuity, mythology and atmosphere of the series.You will not be scared watching this movie. If you haven't seen it yet.Don't. Some of the best horror movies have been made in the last fewyears. Seek them out and get the scares this movie will never fulfil.Watch Gerald's Game or Don't Breathe. Not this. Wow. Just wow.