Jeepers.The first two "Jeepers Creepers" movies are vastly underrated classics,in my opinion ? they're well scripted and boast a truly original andfrightening bogeyman. The third, regrettably, struggles to retain evena B movie charm. It's a substandard horror film that I'd onlygrudgingly rate a 4 out of 10."Jeepers Creepers 3" (2017) is cloddishly written and awkwardly filmed.The film also suffers from action sequences that are absolutelycartoonish. A lot of this stems from the titular Creeper's antiquevehicle, which is now inexplicably depicted as being ? conscious?Possessed by the Creeper? It drives itself, deflects bullets, launchesprojectiles, and contains booby traps that defy physics. This leads tosome Wile E. Coyote-style fight scenes with the story's variousprotagonists, in which the saddest victim is the franchise'scredibility.About those protagonists ? there are far too many to examine with anyreal success; the two ostensible teenage main characters fall a bitflat. There are so many characters that have backstories connected withthe Creeper (and his signature, decades-hopping supernatural murdersprees) that the film simply becomes confusing. And that confusion ismade worse by this film's chronology with the previous movies ? ittakes place immediately after the first, but before the events of thesecond. (In all fairness, maybe the problem is me ? I am being quitehonest when I write here that I just do not follow movies as well asother people.)With all of this exposition, though, one bit of lore is egregiouslyomitted ? contrary to some of the movie's advance press, we learnnothing about the creature's origins. And this is extremely odd,because a bunch of characters do. There is a befuddling central plotpoint where the good guys methodically gain knowledge of theirotherworldly foe by ? touching one of its severed body parts. But we,the viewers, learn nothing.Even the makeup and special effects were inferior to the prior films.I'm confused by all of the things I've written above, as "JeepersCreepers 3" was written and directed by Victor Salva, who wrote anddirected the excellent previous movies in 2001 and 2003.I hope I'm not being too hard on the movie, because there's still somefun to be had. Jonathan Breck still chews the scenery quite nicely asthe Creeper, and the monster's character concept still manages toplease. In a horror movie market often dominated by seeminglyinterchangeable serial killers and undead little girls, the Creeper isa truly inventive monster ? part human; part gargoyle; partbody-stealing feral, Frankenstein's monster. He's fun to watch,particularly for horror fans who've grown tired of the Patrick Batemansand the various angry ghost children that endlessly haunt thezeitgeist. You could do a lot worse for a plot-driving antagonist.And, thanks to so brutal a bad guy, there are occasional moments oftension in the movie. It's genuinely scary, for example, when heattacks a group of teenaged motorcyclists.This isn't enough to make recommend paying for the movie, however ?even if you're a fan of the franchise, as I am. I'd wait for "JeepersCreepers 3" to hit Netflix or Hulu, or wait until it's playing on SyFyagain.