Oh man, where do I even begin?I've been waiting for Jeepers Creepers 3 since elementary school. Whenthe day was finally announced last month, I couldn't contain myexcitement...well, I could, simply because Jeepers Creepers had wornoff a bit. I had realized that the first film, though good in certainaspects, was an overall flawed film, and that the second film was anoutright piece of garbage. I predicted that this film would be bad, butoh man, I never could've guessed it would be as awful as it turned outto be. JC3 makes JC2 look good. There's so much wrong with this moviethat I'm not even sure where to start. First, let's start off with the plot, or lack thereof. There areseveral stories Jeepers Creepers 3 could've told, but it's like theydidn't know which one to choose, so they just made a film with no plotat all. JC3 takes place in between 1 and 2, which is a bafflingdecision since that story didn't need to be told and it ruins thecontinuity of the JC timeline. The film revolves around, like, 9characters and I don't even know which character would count as the"main" character because nobody gets adequate enough screen time. Wehave Officer Tubbs from the end of the first movie, a character sominor in the original that it really makes you wonder why Salva wouldwrite him a lead role. Then we have the team of Creeper Hunters led byStan Shaw. We also have some dementia-stricken old lady, her teenagedaughter, the country hunk that's crushing on her, a group of punkteenage bikers, and the Creeper himself. They all have notable screentime but most of them are totally pointless and some don't even haveresolutions of concussions to their characters. Notice how out of allof these characters, I never mentioned Trisha? Despite Gina Phillips'son-poster credit, she is not in the movie at all and instead has a 15second cameo at the very, very tail end of the movie. The filmconstantly flip-flops back and forth between all of these characters atthe most inconvenient times, and by the time the story has come backaround to a set of characters, we've already forgotten what's going onwith them because the story has packed so much into a 5 minute span,yet so little at the same time.The errors in the plot continue as, well, there is no plot. Pacing issomething that seems totally oblivious to Salva and company, as thefilm had no distinguishable act structure of any kind. The film stillfelt like it was in it's 1st act at the hour mark, and I'm honestly noteven sure what the climax was supposed to be, if the film even had aclimax to begin with! We're just watching the film and suddenly,seemingly out of nowhere, the screen turns black and the credits beginto roll. Tonal shifts are aggressive in this film, as one minute it'san episode of Degrassi, then it's John Carpenter's Vampires, then it'sEvil Dead 2, and then it's American Horror Story. None of it matchesand it feels like 3 or 4 random scripts were cobbled together withoutany editing. There are some moments the feel like Salva was trying tomake a borderline comedy, but it's unclear mostly due to our nextpoint...Next is the production. Salva is a great cinematic director and thefirst two movies are filled with gorgeous shots and atmosphere so thickyou could cut it with a blade. I suppose Salva got lazy with JC3because this movie feels like it was made for TV. The film is ladenwith abysmal CGI, some of the worst I've ever seen in a theatricalrelease. The CGI in the original film looked better, and that came outin 2001. The editing and lighting are often so awful that you can'teven tell what's happening; there is one instance where a biker issnatched, or something, by the Creeper, but it's so quick and shot sopoorly you can't even tell what happens. An audience member behind mesaid "what just happened?" and I was glad I wasn't the only one. Theproduction actually reaches "so bad it's hilarious" status on severaloccasions, including a slow-mo scene with the Creeper that was soover-the-top that it had the theater erupting in laughter. Trust me, itwasn't the only serious scene where the audience laughed hard atsomething meant to be serious.Even The Creeper himself is ruined. One of the most intimidating horrorvillains of the modern horror age has been reduced to a slightlyirritated staggering drunk. Whoever decided to give him that bright redT shirt should be fired, as it looks severely out of place on him. Oh,and we STILL don't know his origins. By this point, being teased on hishistory comes off as a cheap gimmick, like even Salva has no idea whatto do about his backstory.So there you have it. JC3 is possibly 2017's worst film so far. Toomany main characters, an unfocused story with no conclusion, too muchplot yet somehow not enough plot, absent pacing, a nonthreatening andgoofy looking villain, Syfy channel levels of production, some of theworst CGI ever, and a massive kick in the groin towards the JCfan-base. I used to wonder why this film was denied a worldwidetheatrical release, thinking Salva's history may be the culprit. I'venow realized that the more likely reason is that the producers saw howawful this film was and couldn't bear to release this on the bigscreen. It's most definitely a home release, and that's where itshould've gone. Judging by how hard my theater laughed at every scene,I doubt I'm the only one who holds these opinions.