First off, I would like to say I was disappointed by this one. Spoiler!Trish is only a cameo. The characters weren't really memorable so Idon't remember any of their names. So, this is supposed to take placeduring the 23 days the creeper had to feed in 1st and 2nd movie. It wascomplete bs though. SPOILING THE MOVIE! His truck had all these greatadd-ons you didn't see in the first Jeepers Creepers. He goes after thepeople on the bus from the 2nd installment, but doesn't hunt down theold lady and her granddaughter after they got away (end of movie)???Weren't they still in the same house that the creeper had a break downin front of at the end of the film??? Doesn't make any sense. Also, ifyou are going to link the 3rd movie to the 2nd in the end, it would ofmade sense to have a guy resembling the character from 3 know who thecreeper was in 2. I know this doesn't really make sense, but the moviewas poorly done. Also, there are some characters that disappear at somepoint of the movie. There's a team hunting down the creeper and most ofthem DISAPPEAR! They aren't even brought up again or anything. Thecreeper can smell fear, but he couldn't smell that his victims werestill alive in his truck? When is the right time to snack on some bodyparts? Tell me why at one point of the movie after the creeper ateparts from this guy that hit him with a truck, he looked like Deebofrom 'Friday'? The creeper was super strong, but the one guy in the 2ndmovie was fighting him off when the creeper was on top of him! Come onguys! Consistency is a must. Without it, you get Jeepers Creepers 3.ALSO, what is the creeper? The old lady claimed she knew what thecreeper was from locking hands with his severed hand. We didn't get aflashback or anything to explain his origin. That was such a uselesspart in the movie. If you don't want to explain stuff, just cut it out.The more bs you have, the more it kills a movie. was waiting for thismovie for YEARS and now I hope there isn't another one. This movie didthe fans dirty.