After being stuck in development hell for almost two decades and facingseveral false rumors about the production start that led to severefrustration, the wait is over as the Creeper returns in thelong-awaited "Jeepers Creepers 3." I never thought I would get to saythat. For those expecting a sequel to 2003's, "Jeepers Creepers 2,"you're in for a surprise because this picture is actually a directsequel to the original film.It's about a shell-shocked, Sgt Davis Tubbs (Brandon Smith) whoreluctantly joins a group of hunters, led by, Sheriff Dan Teshtago(Stan Shaw). While the Creeper wrecks havoc on a local farmingcommunity, a shattered woman, Gaylen Brandon (Meg Foster) discoverssomething buried on her property of extreme importance to the beast.The Creeper fights back when its enemies get close to discovering it'sclosely guarded secrets.Set between the first two movies, how they tie it all together isunbelievable which means the Creeper doesn't die. That's Correct. To behonest, it's not as scary as the original, as expected, but I would goas far as to say it's the best entry in the franchise due to the storybeing intrinsically well written with plenty of clues about theCreepers origins to keep you entertained and thinking.Picking up right after the first film, Sgt Tubbs and his officers findthe Creepers Truck outside in the parking lot and realize it'sbooby-trapped with spikes that shoot down for anyone stupid enough tostick there head through the back door. It drops explosive bombs thatact as homing devices and it's bulletproof. Sheriff Teshtago arrivesand explains to Tubbs that he saw the Creeper 23 years knows about thebeast. A tow truck hauling the Creepers truck turns deadly when hedrops on the back, severs the cables and makes his appearance on top ofhis truck sporting a snazzy new red shirt and his axe.Gaylen Brandon is one of the interesting characters. She is thegrandmother of, Addie (Gabrielle Haugh), who is a character that has adark and sad history as she lives with her grandmother on a farm, onthe verge of insolvency. Gaylen routinely shouts at a ghost only shecan see, who turns out to be her son, Kenny (Jordan Salloum). If youremember in the original movie, he was mentioned along with hisgirlfriend, Darla at the beginning. He warns her that 23 years beforesomething happened and before the Creeper could find something Kennyfound and stashed away, he was killed and the Creeper ran out of timebefore he could find it. Gaylen, needing to know what her son waskilled for digs up a relic and discovers the secret behind her son'sdeath.A lot of fuss is made about the relic buried on Gaylen's farm andserves as the second act of the picture while the Creeper terrorizesthe local townsfolk. The relic suggests that we will get to learn thedark secrets about the Creeper and provide some information on how hecame to be or what he is. Well, we don't find out anything actually;not even a glimpse of what happens when two characters touch it andfall back into a white-eyed trance. This might upset some fans but itgives you a strong sense of danger and evil when one of the characterswho touched the relic acts mysterious when he says "It's ancient." Likehe saw something truly evil which works as a strong buildup and itgives you the idea that the Creeper is much bigger than we think and itserves as a ruse for when we do find out what he is, it will be ashocking revelation.Most of the movie has the Creeper running around in the daylight whichbrings out some flaws but that does not mean the movie is bad, not by along shot. For one thing, we should be grateful we got the film at alland that means more than the Creepers wings having a few holes in thembecause the budget is lower than the previous pictures. The Creeper'swings are CGI in some scenes but it's not terrible CGI. Nearing the endof the picture, one of the characters, who spends most of the movie inthe back of the Creepers truck hiding is discovered and she manages tooutsmart the beast and escape. For those expecting a huge showdown,you're not going to get it. Sheriff Teshtago puts up a strong fight andthe Creeper has his way with pretty much everyone except for a fewstragglers but we see another side of the Creeper when he finds what heis looking for but also finds something left for him that seriouslypisses him off and we see the beast scared as he squeals and crowsstarting dropping dead around him. Maybe this means something?A lot of the film is fun, exciting and forgivable because we get toexplore the monster's romp from 23 years before and with all the cluesand the ambiguity left at its peak, it sets up for "Jeepers Creepers 4"being the final installment and when we do find out what he is, itwon't be a boring revelation since we are left to wonder so much fromthis picture and that is more effective than a simple "This is what heis and this is how we kill him." like most stupid horror movies do. Inthe end, someone from the past returns to set up the fourth movie and Idon't think we are going to have to wait almost 23 years for it. Forwhat it's worth, "Jeepers Creepers 3" beats the Hollywood garbage wehave been seeing for many years and it is well made and enjoyable. Ifwe get "Jeepers Creepers 4," it will be a thrilling conclusion.