In short - this film is garbage. Utter garbage. If you liked theoriginal, you'll hate JC III. This has all of the look and feel of a TVMovie, or a low budget film that was sent straight to DVD. The story is utterly lame. There are no shocks in it. It is not creepyin any way. This time, we see an awful lot more of the Creeper and thefilm-makers have seemingly tried to give it some "character" or evensome "back story". This was such an error. The reason that the first film makes you jump, is because you don't seetoo much of the Creeper, and know almost nothing about what it is orwhat it's capabilities are. This changed in JC II - which in part wasmore of a comedy horror film than an all-out shock-fest, where it wasdemonstrated that he could be brought down with a large harpoon in thechest, and subsequently in the head (not a spoiler as JC II is 14 yearsold!). Releasing this nonsense, that supposedly sits between JC and JC II inthe timeline makes no sense and offers a few more tricks on the part ofthe Creeper (various weapons that appear from the truck during thefilm) to "spice things up", but in fact it fails epicly to deliveranything new that's in anyway creepy or scary. Everything ispredictable. There are no shocks. Oh, and what was going on with that cameo from Gina Phillips (not aspoiler as she's named in the credits)? A film that takes place "a dayor two" after the original JC (2001), where Gina is supposedly now aday or two older, but is in fact 16 years older and no longer lookslike a teenager (she was in fact in her very early 30's when playing alate teenager in the original JC!), but she now looks like a woman inher 40's (because she is in fact 47 now), but is still trying to passherself off as a few days older than her persona in the original JC?That was simply moronic. The acting overall is lame and lifeless (Stan Shaw - what happened toyou man?). The actors are entirely unable to convey any sense of perilor fear. This is making low-rent movies by the numbers, and I hope itmade a big loss so that they don't make anymore of this nonsense. What should they done? Picked up after where JCII ended, with an agedRay Wise and his son ready to take it on right from the get-go in theirbarn and see where that went when it awoke - 23 years later. JC III as a storyline was such an error. I fear for JC IV whichapparently has been written. If it's set in the same time period, thiswill be an error too. PS - have a think about where some of these weapons are appearing fromon the truck. It's just stupid, if weapons and defence mechanismsentirely defy the laws of Physics. (The Creeper flying not included inthis of course!)