I love the first Jeepers Creepers film and I enjoy the second onedespite it being a bad movie, but wow, this is one of the worst filmsI've seen in a LONG time. What were they doing in those 14 yearsbetween 2 and 3, staring at their shoelaces? The film takes placebetween the 1st and 2nd movie, which is dumb because nobody wanted tosee what happened between the 1st and 2nd movie. I wanted to see whathappened after the 2nd movie, but even then, it's really confusingbecause the plot keeps jumping back and forth between all of these dumbcharacters. I couldn't tell if the film was set in the present day, in2001, or in the 70's because of the craptastic pacing. There's even ascene where you can see a 2016 Chevy truck in a film that supposedlytakes place in 2001. Speaking of pacing, there is none! Nothing happensin this movie and the film ends right when it should've started! Thereare so many characters that the film gets lost in itself. The firstfilm had Darry and Trish, simple and easy. The 2nd film had theathletes and a side-plot revolving around an angry father, but it wasstill easy to follow and well balanced. Here, we have an old ladygetting visions from her dead son, then we have Sargeant Tubbs from thefirst movie, then we have the anti-Creeper gang, then we have someteenagers, then we have a country boy who has a crush on a girl, andsaid girl also gets her own storyline. All the characters are pointlessand are not flushed out because the film is trying so hard to giveequal focus to everyone. The CGI is SO BAD and is EVERYWHERE in thefilm. It's so bad that my theater was laughing louder than the actualmovie! Even the Creeper is turned into a laughing stock as he just kindof grunts and looks annoyed. There's one good scene where a group ofteenage bikers finds The Creepers truck in the woods, and it's the onlygood scene in the entire film. That's it! Worst of all, WE STILL DON'TKNOW THE CREEPERS'S ORIGINS!!! I've been waiting nearly 2 decades andwe STILL DON'T KNOW WHERE HE COMES FROM??? The film ends on acliffhanger but I do not want a 4th movie. This feels like it should'vebeen made for the SyFy channel and seeing this on the big screen islike seeing Lake Placid 6 on the big screen. Just don't do it!