If you chose not to get tickets to the only night that Jeepers Creepers3 would be in theaters, congratulations, you dodged a bullet. As mostmovies go, the sequels tend to make things worse with the more numbersthey add to the end; especially with horror. I've been keeping my eyeon this one for years as it was continually rumored on IMDb forums(R.I.P. ? but that's another post for another time). Victor Salvafinally decided it was time to revive The Creeper (aka Victor's alterego). I have something lined up to discuss the directors background alittle more, but for this post I'd like to focus on the movie. I'mgoing to keep the spoilers to a minimum but be warned there will be afew minor ones.The Good: If you watched the first Jeepers Creepers and remember TheCreeper's bad ass meat wagon ? it's back. Not only is it back but it'sgot all sorts of fun little devices that make his hunting just a littlemore vicious. Plus, I think it answers a few questions as to why nobodyhas ever made it out of the truck alive, even if they went in as such.It does make you suspend disbelief a bit with some of its features andmake you ask yourself more than a few questions; but then again, you'realso watching a movie about a winged creature that regenerates partsfrom eating people, so remember that.Speakin' of that handsome devil, I think he looked much better in thisthan in Jeepers Creepers 2. He just looked like some weird, nakedlizard and I appreciate that they made an effort to rectify that a bitin the new movie. Most of the characters in this aren't much to speakof nor do any of them have the kind of charm that Justin Long had inthe first but there were a couple worth mentioning. The Creeper huntingsquad leader (Danny) is a pretty likable fellow along with hiscounterpart Sgt. Tubbs who provides some comic relief.The Bad: Usually when a character is added in as comic relief it'sbecause the movie is too heavily weighing in one specific direction andneeds the levity. The problem with the comic relief in Jeepers Creepers3 is that the whole movie felt like more of a comedy than a horror andit didn't need the extra comic relief added in. Some of the laughs wereintentional, but I found that people were laughing at parts of themovie not intended to be (usually from bad slow- motion scenes). Thewhole movie reeked of a straight to video or bad SyFy original. It'svery unfortunate that this movie fell so far from the tree, where thefirst delivered true terror and an atmospheric creepiness thatresonated for days.After 14 years I was shocked that this movie felt rushed andunder-budgeted. Not rushed in the sense that the pacing was too fastbut just that the story seemed disjointed right out of the gate. Itkicks off with "23 years later" but then immediately puts you in theaftermath of when The Creeper flew off at the end of the first one. Bythe end it segues into the second movie.Now, it's been some years since I've watched Jeepers Creepers 2 but Idon't recall any of the kids on the bus knowing what the **** it wasthey were actually dealing with (other than the girl who had the visionof Derry). I have a bone to pick here; why would one of the survivingkids of this attack not immediately tell everyone, "oh **** I justdealt with this thing like a day ago!". It's bad storytelling is whatit is, and an unnecessarily shoehorned way to connect all three movies.Then before they roll credits, it turns out the "23 years later" partis intended to indicate the person who narrated the beginning and end.It then leaves it somewhat open for another installment. Which, badnews Victor, but I don't think that's happening any time soon. Rantover.This sequel didn't add on anything that we didn't already know. I canget on board with a sequel so long as it expands upon what we alreadyknow, even if it's just a little bit. I wasn't expecting to find outwhere The Creeper went to school and learned all of his nifty sewingtricks, but at least throw your audience a bone every now and again.All we really learn is that it (he?) apparently gets very sad and goeson a crow genocide when he has to destroy old limbs. Which I won'tspoil exactly what's involved with that, but I'll just say the factthat this plot device wasn't used to give the audience a little morehistory into The Creeper was a huge miss.The Judgment: At this point it's no secret that I wasn't a fan of thismovie. It failed to deliver on multiple fronts which makes mereconsider why they really gave this a limited release. I could haveforgiven some bad CGI and slow-motion effects for a good, creepy story.I'm hoping that the next sequel for this movie stays on forums as atheory and never makes it to production. If you're really curious andwere a fan of the other two movies, it might be worth the couple bucksyou'll pay at Redbox for a bad horror movie night.See this and other reviews at TheCynicist.com Edited for IMDb