Jeepers Creepers 3 (2017) O.K., I knew this would be a bad idea. Theoriginal Jeepers Creepers was a dark, creepy and effective horror movieuntil about the last 20 minutes. It has been awhile since I saw theoriginal, but I remember the introduction to the Creeper was prettyterrifying. Jeepers Creepers 2 was just awful, as to be expected from asequel of a movie like the original horror flick.This brings us to the subject at hand, Jeepers Creepers 3, a film thatI recorded from the SyFy network so that I could watch what turned outto be the greatest World Series slug-fest ever, Houston defeating TheDodgers 13-12. It was a good choice watching the baseball game as whenI finally got around to watching Jeepers Creepers 3 it was simplyhorrible.Here is the synopsis of the movie. It was not about a monster, it wasabout a pouting girl who cannot afford to feed her horse. She also hada crazy Grandma who sat on a tractor staring out into space. EventuallyGrandma dug up a Creeper hand and all Hell broke loose, or what passesfor Hell breaking loose in this stinker of a film. That's about it,thanks for reading. Just kidding.Moving forward, the horse gets his lunch and the sad girl is out withsome clown at the feed store who wanted to get into her pants, so hebought feed for Flicka. They ended up out in the woods, and when dangerreared its ugly head, of course, the truck would not start. I will saythat Meg Foster as Grandma was the scariest thing in this movie. Idon't know what they did to her, maybe they sent her to Ugly BulimiaCamp, but she really looked rough.Anyway, just meh on this movie. It was not creepy, it was not scary andit was shot nearly all in broad daylight, which totally jettisoned anychance of this lazy effort being remotely scary. Only at the very endof the movie was it dark and foggy, but the ridiculously poor actingand editing (not to mention the cheap, annoying soundtrack) made itmore laughable than horrifying. What made things worse (or better,depending on your perspective) is that there was about 10 minutes ofcommercials on SyFy for every 5 minute of movie. Thank Goat for DVR andfast forward?or not. I cannot properly articulate just how bad thismovie sucked. Victor Salva may have learned how to toss salad inprison, but he sure didn't learn how to make a movie sequel.Jonathan Breck, who was a terrifying presence in the original, wastotally squandered in this movie. I really don't care anymore as I amtyping this review while the movie is still running. The Creeper justgoes around in broad daylight, doing his thing, and avoid the police bythe use of his police scanner. He was also inexplicably wearing a redshirt. I mean, why? Instead of scaring the Hell out of us flying aroundat night, he is running through a field (with his red shirt) wieldingan axe that looks like it came from a LarpFest. The ending of the moviewas absolutely pathetic. I mean what in the Hell does a random rabbitand that stupid horse have to do with Jeepers Creepers? Plus, theending left the door open for another movie. Victor Salva should bereturned to prison for this movie, much less if he ever attempted tomake another one. Just, no.