I had to force myself to give this four stars. The book by King is setin the 1960s but for whatever reason, maybe for nostalgia, maybe tomake the milieu more recognizable, the movie takes us back to theeighties and pokes fun at some of the more lamentable icons of thatdecade. I couldn't help feeling through all the jokes about New Kids onthe Block, Detroit gas-guzzlers and fanny packs that somehow we weresupposed to bring to mind some of the kid-centered movies of that time.Groups of kids trying to find pirate treasure, helping E.T. get homeand generous splashes of all the traits that make being a kid and/orteenager such a grueling experience for most people a la John Hughes.IT doesn't feel like a horror movie. The book it is based on is deeplyflawed anyway, written at a time when King was going through a roughperiod in his personal life. By the mid-eighties the author was losinghis powers of persuasion and this book shows it. If you haven't read itI leave it up to you to read the book to find out what I mean. Forthose of you who have read it, you know what I'm talking about. Hisearlier work was far superior; Carrie, Salem's Lot, The Bachman Booksbut I'm getting off the subject. There are some bright spots in thisfilm. Bill Skarsgard does an excellent job as Pennywise while SophiaLillis is incredible as Beverly Marsh and I have a distinct feelingthat we'll be seeing a lot more of the actress in the future. There aresome effective jumps to scare the audience and the special effects areon target but, I say it again, it doesn't feel like a horror movie.It's like someone took a crash course on Steven Spielberg tropes andwas trying to prove to the much lauded director that they too coulddirect a movie that would harken back to some of his more impressivework. Finally, I have to say the story was softened, toned down andrestrained so that the widest possible audience could see it and not becompletely horrified and turned away. It was not made for horror fans;it was made for that great crowd in the middle who think they likehorror and were willing to sit through this and suffer through itsshocks and surprises in order to prove to themselves that they indeedhad a horrific experience. I know I did.