To start it off, i'm a big fan of dc cinematic universe, and the year2016, hadn't been a good year for me and the other fans. Even though,i'll state myself optimistic, since actually, all my hopes andexpectation fall into this movie instead. OK, Let's start with the strong aspects of the movie; performances andcharacters. well, i actually think this is what the director want totop off and show to the audience, thus forgetting the plot, which wewill get into later. but the characters and the performances arewell-performed- Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn really tops off myexpectation. i'm a fan of harley quinn character, and she actuallybrought me the harley quinn i'm expected for- sexy, beautiful, it girlof joker's. while watching the movie, and whenever i'm feeling bored,harley quinn is there to make the scene fresh. and i think allaudience, including audiences who didn't know her will love her andfeel sympathetic to her. Will smith as deadshot actually didn't deservemuch of my appreciation. i mean even though he's one of the great andstrong aspect in the movie, i just thought i don't see will smith eventrying to act, which weirdly works. watching Will smith here is justwatching him using a kickass suit. Jared Leto as The Joker, is actuallyisn't the worst part of the movie (unlike what people might have said)i think that Jared Leto pull of a great effort into his character, andsome scene of him showing up gave me goosebumps and own joys. but,maybe how little the scene for him is, or his character is prettyunder-developed that just doesn't fit the puzzle in the movie. ViolaDavis as Amanda Waller also brought up my her characther pretty well,as she played the cold-hearted leader Amanda Waller. other performancesare great, like Joel Kinnaman, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, KarenFukuhara, and Cara Delevigne.The chemistry between the characters are great, as well as thedevelopment between their relationship. in my opinion, one of thestrongest chemistry is Harley Quinn and Deadshot. Their chemistry iselectric, funny, and watching them teasing, and slowly started to careabout each other, is entertaining, and make me ship them together.even, i have a relationship that had a weak chemistry, that is RickFlagg and June Moore's relationship which is bland, forced, andunnecessary. Now, parts that i think is the weak part of the movie, I think the plotis the main reason. The plot is lazy-written and under-developed,and atsome point is pretty ridiculous. i don't want to get into it too much,since it will spoil some things, and i need you to watch the moviewithout spoilers, yet. even, i could tell you that the CGI is prettycringy and sometimes, so does the visual effect between the scenes. theending is actually rushed, predictable, and i think they could dobetter after building up the story of the fight scene.At the end, everything has its bad and has its good, what i reallysuggest for you to do is just lower your expectation, yet don't miss iteither. it may not lift the hype as in the greatness in the trailer,but i think it's still a great fun must see summer movie , and youshould enjoy it without all the overly negative critics.