The best thing I can say about this film is that I didn't pay for it.Seriously, what a miserable experience watching this film was, and allthe ultimately prevailed was feeling really sorry for the cast thatdespite their dedicated efforts, the movie just turned out to becompletely unwatchable. Keep in mind, for the rest of the review,however, my thoughts on the films in this genre are notoriouslyunpopular on this board. I loved Batman v Superman and thought Civil War was complete garbage. Iam getting tired of this genre, so perhaps that has something to dowith it. The story here is pretty generic stuff. The final act isalmost as bad as that of Ghostbusters, and the film was just as dull asCivil War. The only real saving grace was Margot Robbie, who gave thefilm her all, and of course also her undeniable sex appeal. Will Smithprovides a very generic arc that, for fans of the TV show Arrow, wehave already seen (and performed with more humanity). That show clearlyisn't amazing and Season 4 is one of the worst seasons I've seen in aTV series ever, but the Deadshot in seasons 1 and 2 I found much easierto connect to. This was simply Will Smith playing Will Smith with agun, and the character simply lacks edge. That same idea echoesthroughout the film - it is so blunt and flat, with nothing of noteoccurring. Leto's performance is just pathetic. It is humiliating. From the outsetI knew he was the wrong casting choice, and the movie proves me rightbeyond any reasonable doubt. His performance the whole time just missesthe mark drastically. This fails to capture the essence of the Joker,and also fails to craft a compelling standalone character as JesseEisenberg managed to do with Lex Luthor. Here the character isreimagined as more of a drug-addled hardcore crime lord. It justdoesn't work, and it is tragic to think the lengths Leto went to in hismethod acting to deliver what is ultimately such a tame, lame, andforgettable performance. I do hope they recast him for Batman'sstandalone film - him as the lead villain instantaneously knocks thefilm down to a maximum score of around 7/10. Thankfully he is barely inthe film, although it bodes poorly for the future films in this saga. I don't think Deadpool was amazing, but it pulled off the edgiersuperhero film much better than this. Here it is simply grim andmean-spirited, as opposed to being cool in any vague way. This feelslike a film more along those lines that was made as a dark, gritty,intense, and just completely insane action film that was later cut intoa generic crowd pleaser. David Ayer claims this is his complete vision,in which case I don't know how he was ever hired, and why the making ofthis film is said to have been so dark and intense. The villain would be forgettable even by the standards of the MCUfilms. This film is so bad it feels like a failed MCU film, completelymissing any distinguishing style. All we get is a muddled mess. Why notjust have the Joker as villain? At least that would have been asomewhat interesting failure by the iconic nature of the character. Whocares about the Enchantress and the CGI rubbish in the finale? Overall this film was boring, tonally jarring, mean-spirited, bland,atrociously made, with editing that is amongst the most incompetent Ihave seen in a large budget film. Really just a complete mess. I hatedthis film, and it completely betrays what (to me) made BvS a memorablefilm in the genre. The DC universe appears to have given up trying tostand on its own and simply follow the MCU model, and attempted to makean MCU film. The story is incoherent and frankly garbage, thecharacters outside of Margot Robbie suck, the action is some of theweakest I've seen in a while, so blandly choreographed and justuninteresting. It is ridiculous but not self-aware enough of howridiculous it is. It just isn't even vaguely similar to what made thetrailers somewhat appealing. Recommended ONLY if you have someone who raped your girlfriend,murdered your parents, ate your dog, stole all your money, cut off allyour limbs, and nuked the world, this might be an adequate way to getthem back - make them sit through this film. I've called the criticsbiased before, and that is a sentiment I maintain entirely, althoughthey are 100% right here, particularly Travers who nailed it. Stay away. You have been warned. 1/10.