It has become ritual for me to read the novel "It" once a year everyyear since it was released in 1986. The story is more than a gore-fest,it's a story about love and hope and friendship that is stillmeaningful to me to this day.The only thing this movie has in common with the beloved book, is itsname and the characters names. IT is a literal disaster and a slap inthe face to anyone who actually read and cherishes the book. There areNO character backstories, nor character development at all. You areliterally thrust into the movie expecting to know everything abouteveryone and why they are the way they are. IE: Henry Bowers and why hehates the "Losers Club" - He LITERALLY starts the movie trying to killthem. This is sad, because a large portion of the novel wasmeticulously spent doing quite the opposite and made you relate to andfall in love with the characters.Editing? What editing? This is the worst edited movie I've ever seen inmy life and I've seen a lot in 41 years. It was literally like the filmmakers shot 100 scenes, put the film in a hat, and took out said scenesand spliced them together at total random. I can't describe it anyother way than saying, at one point, one of the characters (I can'ttell who, because they all share the EXACT same personality) says, "Ibanged your mom last night", or something similar, and before theaudience can even react, the scene changes to a jump scare happening inANOTHER PART OF TOWN INSTANTLY and with no rhyme or reason. You don'thave time to laugh at jokes, because they aren't funny (unlike StephenKing's jokes in the book) - and you don't have time to be scared,because you're still trying to process the dick joke that was stillbeing told when the scene abruptly ended.While the filming location for the town of Derry was suitable, havingthe movie take place in the 1980's instead of the 1950's JUST TOAPPEASE the "Stranger Things" crowd was simply a terrible decision. The1950's were a totally different time, and much of the characters'reasoning and mannerisms that you need to make this movie work are lostto a time and cultural difference. These guys call themselves "THELOSERS SQUAD" in this movie for god's sake! Kids didn't start callingthemselves a "squad" until the 1980's (IE "The Monster Squad) So, youlove the book like me and are still reading? Thank you! Now let me listjust SOME things that we both LOVE about the book that you will NOTfind anywhere in this movie: The Deadlights, The Ritual of CHUD, TheMummy and the bridge, The Loser's Club Dam in the Barrens, the movingpicture book (now its a slide machine), The Smokehouse, "This isbattery acid", The Werewolf, Making the silver bullet after a game ofmonopoly, The stand pipe, Bower's hair turning white, "beep beepRichie", the giant bird, the 50's racism against Mike (actually MikeHanlon himself is missing. The writers just made arguably the mostimportant character an afterthought in this movie), characterbackstories, "Hi Ho Silver-AWAY!", Haystack... I could go on and on andon.With god awful editing, absolutely no character backstories, cheap teenjump scares, not being faithful to the book, and too much CGI usage:Simply put - if you want to know how this movie is like the book, readthe first 10 pages of "IT", and burn the other 1077 pages because thatis exactly what the screenwriter and director did to this failedabortion.