HEY PUDDIN', THE JOKES ON YOU! IS SUICIDE SQUAD AS BAD AS EVERYONE ISMAKING IT OUT TO BE? Villains, come in many different shapes and sizes. Some iconic villainshave even stolen the show from the hero, and are capable of winningfans over. After the outcome of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, theU.S. Government is concerned about how they will deal with futurethreats. Bad ? ass babe Amanda Waller, played by Viola Davis (The Help,Prisoners) sees the arrival of Superman as a wake-up call. She uses thefear of Superman's abilities to fight the U.S. Government into lettingher unit Task Force X, a group of their worst imprisoned criminals. Theintent is to send the team on suicide missions against super-poweredthreats in exchange for time off their rather lengthy sentences. Thisfilm has been receiving some bad reviews, and a lot of negativity. Do Ithink it's a perfect movie? No, far from it. However, I believe thefilm has an amazing cast, great soundtrack, it felt like a comic bookon the big screen, well acted performances, colorful, it's fun, funny,and it felt like the DC Cinematic Universe is actually starting toconnect more naturally. I honestly don't understand all the negativereviews, and hate this film has been receiving. Honestly, I like it ahell of a lot more than Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Out of all the actors and actresses so far in the DC CinematicUniverse, the cast in Suicide Squad is easily the best. Will Smith, asDeadshot is the most well rounded character, with back-story, characterdevelopment, and screen time. If anything, I consider this the WillSmith movie a.k.a. Mister July a.k.a. Big Willy Style has his careercomeback. I do agree with what some critics and fans are saying though.I believe Will Smith is the main character, because he is the biggestselling point for this movie. Also, at times I believe he was actinglike Will Smith instead of the character Deadshot from the comics. Viola Davis completely owns the role of Waller. She really is mean,fearless, intelligent, determined and as Will Smith said to her in thefilm, gangsta. She dominates everyone she shares a scene with and makesthem look ten times as small. I'd love to see her character come backin the future."YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT THE CRAZY ONES." Another standout is Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. If you're notfamiliar with comic books and or the character. You should know thatMargot Robbie had a ton of pressure on her taking on this role. If yougo to any comic convention, there are literally many women dressed asHarley Quinn (That's why I like those conventions ha-ha). In myopinion, Robbie will satisfy fans, newcomers who may not know thecharacters, and moviegoers. Robbie manages to capture the spirit ofQuinn from the animated series as well as the newer version from thecomics while still making the character work for movie audiences. If you talk about Harley Quinn, you also have to talk about Jared Letoas Mister J a.k.a. The Clown Prince of Crime, better known as TheJoker! Leto had to face even bigger expectations. I'll admit, when Ifirst saw the picture of Jared Leto as The Joker I wasn't feeling allthat strong about it. I literally said, "He looks like what wouldhappen if Lil Wayne and Marilyn Manson would have a baby together).Nevertheless, after seeing him here, Leto took on the role and I reallyfeel like he delivered. His Joker brings a lot new to the character andis significantly different from the performances of Heath Ledger, JackNicholson, and Mark Hamill. In my opinion, this Joker was a mix ofvarious Jokers. Jared Leto's reminded me very much of the Joker from DCComics The New 52 series Endgame story-line, Batman: The Killing Joke,Ledger, Nicholson, and the novel Joker by Brian Azzarello. Jared Letois not trying to be Heath Ledger. He is trying to do somethingdifferent, yet stay true to the character we love (or hate). I actuallywould love to see Jared Leto come back as The Joker. I heard many ofhis scenes were cut from the film, and personally, I'd love to seemore. So these are my final Bitchin' Buddha thoughts on the film SuicideSquad. Even though the director David Ayer (screenwriter for TrainingDay, Director of End of Watch) mentioned he is not the biggest comicbook fan, I believe he constructed a well-done comic book movie. It hasa good cast, music, and it feels like a comic book movie. I believethis film would have been even better if it were rated R, not trying tobe as funny, and kept the tone of the very first trailer we saw. It'snot a perfect movie, but I personally enjoyed it. For those who didn'tenjoy it. I'm sorry you were all let down, and hopefully you didn'tlose all your faith in the DC Cinematic Universe. I believe thatSuicide Squad earns a?8/10!This review is brought to you by Boogie Buddha, and remember, don'tjust get down, but get Boogie. Thank you for reading and or viewing,and I hope you all have an amazing day as always. "Stay evil dollface." :)