Suicide Squad is a very hyped movie, with a lot of mixed reactions,even when there were no material at all to be shown yet. I notice how alot of the hate was towards the new joker, played by Jared Leto. Andindeed, I was also skeptical about this. He could either ruin thejoker, or make it better. What did he do exactly? None of it, actually.Leto's performance in Suicide Squad as the Joker was good. He gave TheJoker a new face, and in my truly honest opinion, he did it well. Hetried to make it his own. Not replicate or try to live up to otheractors that have been playing the joker in previous movies. Now, don'tget me wrong, Jared Leto's joker is nothing against Heath Ledger'sversion. BUT? and I say this once again; he didn't ruin it. That'sreally my honest opinion. He's not trying to be like Ledger, he's nottrying to be something that we've seen before. He's doing somethingnew, and I liked it. Also, for those of you who read the comics, youwould actually notice that Jared's take on Joker is close to hispersona in the comic book series. I actually wish that he would havehad more screen time, since in the entire movie he was in maybe 20minutes of the actual 2hr film. Now, I read about this final version,and it's said to be cut out a lot and that the director had beenworking on his own cut, while the studio made their own. So, I canbarely wait for the Directors Cut to be coming out. Hopefully, morescreen time for Leto will occur and maybe a lot better pacing.Enough talking about Leto; let's talk about the actual film itself.Critics have already been slaughtering the film, giving the film awfulreviews and such- The thing is; I don't really trust critics. They aretoo narrow-minded, they act like they are the only one who's right. Inever care about what people, especially critics say about films beforeI've actually watched them. Then I can look back, and see if I agreewith them, based on my personal opinion and interpretation of the movieitself. I can not make you like this film. Just watch the movieyourselves, then judge the film. Many people have been throwingnegative reviews on this film, without second thought and some have noteven watched the film. This is the worst things about reviews bycritics and reviewers on IMDb. You simply cannot trust anyone,including me. So I advise you to watch the film, go back and read myreview and see if you agree. That way, you won't miss a move you mighthave liked. All the actors does a great job portraying theircharacters, even though Will Smith's performance as Deadshot was a bit?meh. He was funny, though. But it just feels like Will Smith playing?well, Will Smith. The flashbacks in this movie are the best scenes inmy personal opinion. They give you a little more depth to the story andmakes you sympathize for the characters. As a person who's watched alot of Superheroes are good, villains are bad-movies, I thought it wasrefreshing that for once, the villains aren't portrayed as just pureevil. However; this film absolutely has flaws. Loads of them. Butrarely any film these days is flawless. There's always going to besomething that you can comment on and sometimes even get annoyed by.One thing is the pacing. This film is a chaotic mess when it comes tothe pacing, confusing the viewer. Too fast, too slow, but never inbetween. When introducing the characters, I felt that the music wasoverused. Every time you met a new character, and this was in quite ashort time, a new song would play. However, the soundtrack is good eventhough it feels a bit out of place. After the mess, called BvS, I am glad to say that this film changes alot. It shows that DC doesn't always have to make overly serious films,but can have a little fun with it too. While I like Marvel films too,they are sometimes a little bit too cartoony, the humor can feel out ofplace and well? let's face it, sometimes you need a superhero/villainfilm for adults. Visually this film is amazing in every way, the amount of detail andwonderful CGI is just pure eye candy. I loved the 3D, although itwasn't quite necessary, but hey, 3D is the standard these days forfilms in cinema. Overall, I do not think in my own humble and honestopinion that this move deserves the hate from the critics. Mostmoviegoers, people I know who have seen the film, liked it. It is not amasterpiece. Long way from that. It is not an Oscar winning film by nomeans. It's just a really fun film to watch and I've gotta say DC ispulling in the right direction. More work needs to be done, though andthere is serious problems about this film despite it being enjoyable.Reading some interviews etc, I found that the script was very rushed.(Being finished in six weeks, not okay.) Also, while I laughed andgiggled at some of the jokes, some of them felt forced and out ofplace. However, DC has taken a huge step and I hope they will be makingmore movies like this one.As a final verdict, I think this movie is worth your time and is a goodwatch. Don't listen to critics. Heck, don't take my word for grantedeither. You will love it, or hate it. That's how it works, we havedifferent opinions and tastes. I was not disappointed and I lookforward to the next installment in the DC universe.