The anticipated Suicide Squad is in cinemas and is okay. Following theevents of Dawn of Justice, Amanda Waller assembles a team of villainsto work together to stop a supernatural threat. Directed by David Ayer(not Snyder) the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) continues to grow byintroducing the DC equivalent of Guardians of the Galaxy (the onlydifference being that Guardians of the Galaxy is a masterpiece). TheSquad consists of Deadshot (Will Smith) Haley Quinn (Margot Robbie)Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman) El Diablo (Jay Hernandez) and some othercharacter shoe horned inn, also the Joker Played by Jared Leto.So what is expected of the film on one hand is provided, as kick ass,cool, and loud action to make a real fun cinema experience. On theother hand what was also expected was an awesome strong film withconsistency, but this is not quite the same film I saw in the trailers.So what happens to the film is a rushed pace, that goes wonky at theend, with some layered characters next to some very un-layeredcharacters in a narrative with not much consistent direction. Whatholds the film together is Margot Robbie's performance which reallycarries everything with her pure insanity. Although Will Smith plays apretty cool Deadshot, all I see is Smith being the same as he always isin every other film. So what should be a Squad becomes a duo as thesetwo are the only real characters in the whole film. Which brings us toJared Leto. We all know that no actor could beat the great Heath Ledgerwhen it comes to playing the Joker, and Leto holds no candle at all, byproviding a gangster Joker which no one asked for. What Leto does nailis the scary intimidation of the Joker, but struggles to be the Jokerwe all know and love.What is also a vital part to the film is the action sequences, whichare enjoyable at first but end up getting more dramatic. This is alsosupported by a very strong use of CGI which pretty much invades thewhole film. The film also provides entertainment with its humour whichwe were hoping to quite consistent, but it appears every line has to bedelivered by Robbie or Smith as the scene is about to end.What I also found annoying was the narrative as it feels sloppy anddoes feel like its heading in the direction it should do, and with theconsistent mad and fun atmosphere flowing through, but it does notquite match with what it concludes with at the end.The DCEU so far has not had a good start, but at the moment SuicideSquad is the lesser of three evils, with enjoyable action and fun.7.0/10