The brand new #ITMovie scared the heck out of me and I don't throw thataround loosely because just when you thought that "Annabelle: Creation"may have set the bar for this year, bam! "IT" comes along and smashesthat bar into pieces. Wow! This is one incredible horror film,everybody involved should get a congratulatory pat on the back,definitely a huge upgrade from the '90s miniseries. This is bestStephen king adaptation yet.Directed by Andy Muschietti, based on Stephen King's timeless novel ofthe same name, IT is set around the mysterious disappearance ofchildren in Derry Maine, when a group of young kids will have to comeface their biggest fears and square off against an eternal evil clownnamed Pennywise who comes around every 27 years to repeat his reign ofterror. It's no secret and it's not really a spoiler that New Line and thefilmmakers of this new version have planned to re-imagine this storyinto two installments, with the first focusing on the children and thenchapter two will be about their grown up selves once again battlingPennywise. So with this first chapter, I think the timing of itsarrival couldn't be more perfect especially with last year's debut ofthe hugely popular series, "Stranger Things" that brings up '80schildhood nostalgia while presenting mystery at the same time, "IT"offers you that same vein and I think that's OK because we haven'tgotten to the point where it's played out so for the time being you'regoing to love that aspect about "IT." There's definitely a "Stand ByMe" vibe to it as well, and the whole thing does feel episodic, at onepoint while screening it I didn't want it to end, it felt like I wasbinge-watching, it was so cool. Kudos to all the young actors featuredin this film, they really hold their own and each of their characters'distinct personalities stand out. Their backstories and their processof slowly but surely coming together as some sort of a team is bothhonest and engaging. Now, if you've ever read Stephen King's book, "IT," you'd recall thatit is a super duper thick book. You can use it as a stool to stand onfor when you need to change that lightbulb. But the point is, I thinkthe screenwriters of this new film did well in condensing the story tojust the right amount of time that contains just the right mix of kidscamaraderie and the horror fest that is Pennywise. And if you'vewatched the '90s miniseries, you'd recall how much that version heldback plus the low quality practical effects that they had at the time.Well, I'm happy to tell you that this new "IT" doesn't hold back, thisis Pennywise unleashed, it's practically proud of being R-rated, whichis great because it allows for the scary parts to be really reallyscary and not second-guessing or pandering. And if you have never liked clowns before, you're going to hate clownseven more because Bill Skarsgard's performance as the new Pennywisewill haunt your dreams for the next few weeks after you've watched thismovie. What I appreciate about Skarsgard is that he doesn't try toohard to emulate or imitate or channel Tim Curry, Skarsgard does his owntake of creepy. And because Pennywise is pretty much invincible to acertain extent, you'll see him pop up in the most unlikeliest of placesmeaning when you least expect him, that's when he'll scare you to yourcore so brace yourselves for surprises around every corner. Anotherreason why the timing of this movie's arrival could not be more perfectis because today's visual effects compliment Pennywise's limitlessabilities and so director Andy Muschietti and his crew have thecreative freedom to not only realize some of the scare points in thebook but they managed to also go beyond that. "IT" goes for massive, itgoes for bold, it goes for bloody, not a single boring minute, it goesfor the "Goonies" fan in all of us. You will laugh, you will scream,you will have nightmares, hands down one of the best horror movies evermade. -- Rama's Screen --