Where to start, where to start? This is probably the main problem ofthe DCU at the moment. They're playing catchup to Marvel, they seeAvengers they want in. The problem is, Marvel have spent 4,5 & 6 moviessetting it up. We care if Cap gets hurt, we understand the Hulksturmoil and we saw Starks motivation for donning the suit. But herewe're introduced to a whole new cast, backstory and all, in 30 minstops. It just doesn't work, it's rushed, it's lazy and it has no effectin making the audience care about these characters; which in a moviewhere the stakes are so high, does not bode well. So here's what Ithought of each character:- Will Smiths Deadshot - has by far the most screen time and manages toannoy in every single scene. He hits all the clichés, slo-mo gun catch,CHECK. Says the movie title, CHECK. Even when he's playing a coldblooded assassin, he's a good guy. Rating 2/10- Margot Robbies Harley Quinn - looks the part, has the voice, has theinsanity. It works well. Some of the jokes miss and some of her stuffis very repetitive but she's the best of a bad bunch (pun intended)Rating 7/10 (let down by the writing, she's great as Harley)- Jai Courtney's Boomerang - here's something I never thought I'dwrite. Jai Courtney acted well in this film. Criminally underused,could have been such a Deadpool-esque self aware character but againthe writing (and Will Smiths screen time) sold him short. Rating 6/10- Jay Hernandez El Diablo - starts off boring, does some fire stuff andsome CGI stuff. Lame. Rating 3/10- Viola Davis Amanda Waller - the best part of this film, even if hermotivation is kind of all over the place. She's menacing, but justifiesit. Rating 9/10- Cara D Enchantress - Abysmal. She can't act, simple as. Why she gotthe job is beyond me. She's monotone, she has no emotion, she justcan't act. Stop. Stop giving her parts. She's awful. Rating 0/10- Joel K Rick Flag - Insipid. Boring. Tom Hardy would have been milesbetter. But I wouldn't want to hurt his career by being in this trash.Rating 2/10- Killer Croc 4/10 pointless- Katana 3/10 pointless- Slipknot 0/10 pointless- Batman 0/10 pointless (just in it so he can be in the trailer andsell more tickets)- Jared Leto Joker - Pointless. Again only for the trailer to selltickets. He's weird, he's creepy, but he is NOT the Joker. He'sScarface with mental problems and a fetish for tattoos. They used verysimilar imagery to Heath Ledgers in some scenes. But then went batshitcrazy (pun intended) in others. Unlike Heaths Joker who had a clearplan of just wanting chaos, this Joker is just meh. Take him out of thescenes he's in and it wouldn't change the scene, take his scenes out ofthe movie and it wouldn't change the movie. He's hardly in it but hegets a 10/10 for disappointing in every scene he's in. Rating -10/10Finally, it wants to be the avengers, it wants to be Guardians of theGalaxy, it wants to be the Dark Knight, it wants to be Deadpool, in theend it was just another DCU film. A ringing endorsement if ever therewas one.