SUICIDE SQUAD - YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME! THE MOVIE'S A HOAX! It's beenmore than a month since I've watched this...this...tragic display ofediting problems...this...potential hit turned to crap...this...brutalwaste of reel and...let me tell ya...I'm still shocked! There are somany things gone so wrong with Suicide Squad it seems almost decent attimes. Naah,I'm just kiddin'! Plot (if there ever was one): - A secretgovernment agency recruits some of the most dangerous incarceratedcriminals to form a defensive task force, with their first case leadingto a potential apocalypse - (IMDb). Sounds pretty intense huh!?! Andsomething nobody has ever heard before at all,right? I mean,the U.S.Government offers an easy way out of prison to a bunch of, completelyunrelated, criminals instantly transforming into long-time buddies allfocused on the same goal as they're starting to bond. They also gainthe role of anti-heroes to complete the mission they're on,which issaving the Homeland from...a deadly menace. Wow! (Speechless) Somemight think one don't go to see a movie for the story. Wellthen..Prepare for two hours of: "Hey,being the bad guys feels just sogood" or "It's fun to be bad" (but think of a generic Disney-ishversion of "bad guys" because this gang wouldn't dare to scare atoddler) + "Boom! Bang! Fight!" (out of the blue,obviously) + Severaldesperate attempts of offering cheesy jokes (like the script had tohave this hopeless secondary mission of making the audience laugh atany cost) + A continue introduction of irrelevant characters presentedat the speed of light (some of which are meant to appear on screen forless than a single scene) + Smith,Davis,Leto (who by the way is reallytrying) and Robbie actors' quality aside the rest of the cast deliversuch a stunningly poor performance it's baffling to stare at the actors+ Totally unexplainable (other than many times completely wrong) cutand editing choices (but let's be honest,on a technical level,SuicideSquad looks like a job made by a 16 years old kid) + "Crash! Kapow!More fighting!" (Again and again!) + The overall feeling is that ofbeing in front of something assembled way too quickly and in a sort ofperpetual rush. The movie feels literally like it's running away fromthe viewers. So much you'd led to think someone must have seriouslyscrewed things up here...big time! You'll be pervaded by the burningsensation of having been cheated on. Guaranteed! Uh...I almostforgot...don't expect to see nearly anything you saw in trailers!SUICIDE SQUAD IS SUCH A MESS! Personal Rating: 1 ?? (out of 10)