I just saw Suicide Squad last night, expecting it to be terrible, butloved it. In fact, all of my friends really liked it. In fact, I heardmore than a few strangers leaving the theater talking about how it wasnot nearly as terrible as the reviews. The movie was certainly notperfect, and some critics did point out its real flaws, but if comicbook cannon and plot holes don't flip you out then you can really enjoywatching it. Seriously, the perception you get from Rotten Tomatoesdoes not match reality at all.I won't repeat what many other reviews here have already stated, butoverall this is a really fun movie to see, despite the usual flaws. Itis more adult, not because of any sex or violence, but because immatureaudiences wouldn't get the drama or ideas in the movie. I'm not sayingit was great drama nor was it deep or complicated, just compared toother shallow cartoon-depth superhero movies. The action scenes werepoorly filmed and not very fun, and while my 11 year old daughter lovedit, I can easily see this going over the heads of most kids. The plotis not always clear, but that's not really the point or what you couldbe enjoying about the movie.I am not a comic book reader and have zero concern for the whole Marvelversus DC arguments; I only watch movies for their value asentertaining films. I absolutely loved Guardians of the Galaxy (Marvel)and thought BvS (DC) was a confusing mess of a story. However, there isa clear trend with who loves or hates which comic book movies, usuallymapping to DC vs Marvel. People who like (and apparently need) thetraditional concept of unrealistically-good heroes andunrealistically-evil villains will like Marvel movies. MoS, BvS, andSuicide Squad all touched on concepts from Watchmen ? the veryantithesis to the superhero concept. In Suicide Squad we are supposedto cheer for the exact same people that were portrayed as the evilvillains in the first X-Men film: a government group whose purpose isto counter otherwise unstoppable superheroes. I'm not talking about whois a "good guy" or "bad guy", I'm talking about the concept of whowatches the watchmen(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quis_custodiet_ipsos_custodes). I thoughtAvengers Civil War was going to approach this topic, until the lameIron Man-Spiderman drivel about extreme power *not* corrupting someone.If you are a die-hard comic book reader who expects to see the typicalhero defeating evil story then you will not like Suicide Squad. If youliked reading Watchmen (the book, NOT the movie) then you might likeit. If you worship the concept of superheroes or liked any X-Men moviethen you will hate this movie. If you are a Marvel devotee, then...whyare you even reading this? Your mind was already made up long ago.