IT truly is the scariest movie of all time... If you're 10 years old oryounger, maybe.I honestly am shocked by all the positive reviews and high rottentomatoes score. Did I see a completely different movie? IT starts off very well with a genuinely good opening scene. Greatcinematography, atmosphere, lighting, a likable child whom you connectwith easily, and an interesting encounter takes place between this kidand a very creepy clown. The dialogue is good, there is an eerie senseof dread, and a moment where IT aka Pennywise goes from being afriendly-ish clown to a terrifying villain in an instant through a verywell placed awkward stare. It was a moment I wasn't expecting and gaveme hope for the rest of the film, then... It's all downhill from there,after an almost laughable use of CG. This movie has big issues. IT isn't scary. IT's story is weak, if youcan even call it a story. IT has too many underdeveloped characters.And IT is a counterproductive villain with no concrete rules for whatIT can or can not do.The overuse of CG ruined any sense of tension or fear and Pennywise'stactics didn't make sense. If he feeds off fear, why reveal himself toeach of the kids within a close time period? Why not concentrate oneach child individually, causing far more mental torment and makingthem an easier kill? Pennywise also just randomly manifests himselfanywhere at anytime, and disappears randomly. I don't find it scarywhen the antagonist manifests itself, attacks a character and rightbefore doing damage IT vanishes..The story is a mess and there are far too many characters. I swear thefirst 40 minutes is the longest montage in film history. A montage ofeach child's development and exposure to Pennywise. It was predictableand monotonous. As for the story, I don't know what to say, besidesthere really isn't one. Character motivations are weak, Bill is theonly one who makes sense. Where were the parents at? Not a singleparent seemed to care about their missing children. The few on screenparents there were, came off as caricatures. And there were a fewscenes that felt completely pointless within context of the story. Theschool bully and his dad, being the oddest.So in closing, IT is an uneven movie or more accurately a collection ofscenes that don't flow well in a tangible story. There are some goodlaughs, and a few entertaining scenes. But all in all it's just anaverage movie. Which should've been an evident sign, when the originalattached director Cary Fukunaga jumped ship.