As a person who runs a movie review site for Horror films under thename "Nightmare Files" and a huge Harley Quinn fan since 1993; I wasSickendd by this movie. Let's start with the easy ones first. I will beincluding things that will spoil the movie for you. Sorry.spoiler alert:1. Origins: Harley's origin in New 52 aren't bad, but they could havebeen written better actually a lot better. Her original origins wereshe worked with Joker, he manipulated her, he was taken away deeperinto Arkham, she robbed a costume store of many props and a jestercostume. She voluntarily became Harley for him.2. Jared's joker was the worst portrayal of Joker that it made Batmanand Robin's, and Batman Forever's casting look phenomenal. I couldn'ttell if he was posing as Marilyn Manson who was posing as Joker or ifhe refused to be get off a male cellmate and got his teeth kicked in.3. Harley's Costume- it was originally knee high socks, a loafer styleshoe, and a tight fitting corset, so why are we still promoting themovie version when even Margot Robbie said she despised the costume.4. Joker acted like a concerned boyfriend more than his abusivemalicious self, which made the love they share look more enticing toyounger viewers when Harley was actually suffering Stockholm syndromefrom years of Jokers abuse. I mean he threw her out a building windowinto the trash receptacles below trying to kill her for catchingbatman.5. The studio wasted money on advertising that said it was movie of theyear, no Deadpool was 750 Million and its got a sequel coming out mayof next year or so I heard already.6. Deadshot and Harley never hook up and yet they do in the comics andAssault on Arkham. Meanwhile King Shark was replaced in casting byKiller Croc who had his debut in suicide squad back in the 80's andnever had a appearance in the one with Harley.7. Deadshot in the comics shoots Harley in the stomach for puttingjokers face on him, which was supposed to kill her but in this versionthere is no knowledge of that what so ever.8. Harley's broken Brooklyn accent never makes an appearance She soundsmore British like than anything to me.This movie will make anyone who has read the comics very angry, theyrewrote the entire thing and its not cute. I got refunded by themanager of my local movie theater after I saw it.