I'll start this review by addressing that I had no expectation for themovie. I am not a fan of the horror genre as it usually lacks thethought provoking aspects I look forward to in film, but the reviewswere great and I thought I'd give it a shot.The films antagonist is a demon-clown, who can shape-shift and movethrough space in an instant as demonstrated during the film. ITabducts, kills and eats children, but can only do so if they areexperiencing fear. In the finale fight scene of the movie Pennywise isunable to kill and eat Beverly because she is not afraid of IT but atthe start of the movie he kills Georgie after having a 5 minutesconversation with him where they laugh and mingle, Georgie even reachestowards IT to grab his boat - Would he really be so scared of IT atthat point or was Beverly so not scared of an actual demon holding herup by the neck?The films plot surrounds around a bunch of disasters that the kids findout seem to happen every 27 years. this information is found out by a13 year old kid named Ben, and he figured this out by reading somearticles in a library. So this entire town of people has not been ableto figure this out? And he informs the rest of the gang that in Derrythere are substantially more children going missing than anywhere elsein the US - If that is the case who is doing the abducting of childrenwhen Pennywise is on ITs break?All of the disasters have happened near sewage drains, that's how thekids are able to figure out where IT lives, but at one point of themovie how was Pennywise able to appear in places that have no actualrelation to the sewage? Pennywise appears and disappears in Billsgarage and basement, Beverlys bathroom, in a building where Mikesparents died and in Stanleys dads office. If IT can appear anywhere whydoes he choose to murder and abduct near the drain if ITs only purposeis to feed upon the children as demonstrated in the final act of thefilm, he is willing to make a deal with the gang to keep Bill and letthe rest of the children go as after eating Bill he would start his 27year break again. Why would a killer demon clown not be willing to letthese kids go anyways and just hunt the other kids in town to feed asthese kids are obviously trying to kill him?Pennywise seems to have unfathomable power as in a scene IT is usinghair from Beverlys sink to grab and pull her but in the final scene ITis having a fist fight with a bunch of children, couldn't IT controlsome sort of object found in the sewer instead to do the same? Why isIT choosing to not use ITs full power against people who are fightingback but use such powerful methods when just trying to scare somebody?The movie is riddled with cliche's about the bully having a reallystrict father, the plot point that the only way they can defeat theevil all-powerful shape-shifting demigod of a clown is to sticktogether and get over their fears! and of course the scene where theboys find Beverly levitating in mid-air while she is in a completestate of trance - a coma, and what brings her out of this is a kiss onthe lips from one of the boys. before the movie ends Beverly is talkingabout this moment saying "It was like being dead" but when she comesout of her coma she without taking a breath starts quoting the poem oneof the boys had sent her.The movie takes place during the three months of summer and ends withthe start of September where the kids still look bruised and batteredfrom their fight. So it's safe to assume it must have been like a weeksince it happened. What were the kids doing the rest of the summer asthey started seeing the clown as soon as school was out? Were they justhaving terrifying hallucinations of a killer clown and then enjoyingthe rest of their summer at the beach before going out and hunting itdown? The times-pan of events in the movie don't seem to reflect thetime it actually took to accomplish them.This is the first time I have ever considered walking out of the cinemaduring a movie.