I just got back from the movie and have a few feelings about it. Itstarted out solid enough, we get to know thecharacters/motivations/weaknesses. Yes it was hurried but necessary andstylish.Then things drastically started to go downhill. DC's answer to SamuelJackson is the stony faced Amanda Waller. She decides she needs to getthese people together in case of another meta-human attack and by doingso she instigates the attack itself.So now we are faced with the big bad enchantress who we know nothingabout and really aren't that committed to as a movie baddie. But that'sOK... the bad guys aren't that important if our protagonists have goodcharisma with each other on screen. Here was my biggest issue. Theyjust don't.The enemy ends up being a barrage of blackberry-headed minions and itbegins to feel like an annoying video game. Step into a room, kill allbad guys, move on to the next room and repeat. To add insult to injuryRick Flagg even gets dragged away twice and has to be rescued likethose ridiculous 'keep them alive' missions in video games. The actionfeels more suited to a war movie than to a comic book movie (perhapsthe directors past is showing here)I wanted to like this movie, I wanted to like the characters but therewere points where the dialogue was just so bad. TWICE, charactersrandomly hit on Katana to which she does not respond. It's not funny.TWICE everyone ends up ogling Harley Quinn. The attempts at humor inthe movie were weak at best. Killer Croc utters so many pointless oneliner's that are neither funny nor useful. It just didn't work. You want humor? When the characters are being shown their wildestdreams, give us a ridiculous seen with Boomerang. Give us some funnyscenes with Diablo and stop saying 'esse' at him.I loved the romance with Joker and Harley.. give us more of that, don'tsqueeze the joker into a bunch of different personas.The bar scene was lovely, you felt the characters come close tosomething like a bond. Don't give us that at the end... give us that atthe start of the movie, make us actually feel like these people meshtogether well. They call themselves a family at the end but they havedone nothing to merit that.Diablo had a cool scene at the end and Will Smith played an amazingDeadshot but I feel Rick Flag was just badly cast. I never really caredfor the Rick and Deadshot scenes together on screen... It never feltlike it really worked. Overall, I'll still watch DC movies, but I do feel like they aremissing something that the Marvel counterpart has got right. Maybe it'sheart, maybe Marvel just have more practice but I hope DC can redeemthemselves next year.