Last night I went and saw the new 'IT' movie, and I thought it wasdecent. I didn't think it was anything great, but there was a lot aboutit that I admired and I over all enjoyed myself while watching it.However there was a lot about the movie that stuck out as obnoxious andin some cases cringe worthy. Hence why I think there is a lot to sayabout 'IT.'We'll start off with the director, Andres Muschietti. The only othermovie that I know he's directed other than 'IT' was Mama from 2013. Amovie that really wasn't my thing, but there were aspects to that moviethat I also found well directed even for a film I couldn't say I liked.So from what I've seen, he can direct very good moments in not soamazing horror movies. That's a good thing. Going into 'IT,' I thoughtto myself "well, at least it has the potential to be directed verywell." In some ways it was. There are very memorable key scenes thatreally do the film justice. Now onto what was wrong with the direction.Andres will sometimes use CGI in his movies in places where I couldeasily look much better if it was done practically. Maybe that's moreof a personal complaint I have with the movie, because there was a lotof instances where I thought it looked very poorly done with Pennywisebeing computer generated and it just looks bad. Not all of the CGI wasdone poorly, I'm just referring to scenes like the one where the kid islooking at a door and there's a bunch of hands flipping out around theopenings of the door. Just stuff like that could have been donepractically and it would've looked much nicer than a mediocre visualeffect.The last thing I want to address is the actors and their performances.Bill Skarsgård didn't really do much outstanding as Pennywise, but atno point did I feel his performance was lacking. He didn't really haveenough screen time for me to judge. Which is fine. I wasn't expectingmuch. The child performances on the other hand were not so much allthat good. Not to say it was because they couldn't act, I mean really,but I didn't think it was the actors to necessarily blame and more thescript they were dealing with. One of the characters only exists toprovide comic relieve. That's the level we're on. Most of it wasn'tfunny, and took me out of the movie. One of the characters has anabusive relationship and it was hilarious because it couldn't be takenseriously as well. All of the other performances only exist to providestandard clichés to a movie such as this one. Stereotypical bullyanyone? This next section is just a bunch of other small things positive andnegative I feel like addressing. The atmosphere of the movie is prettysolid. It's pretty dark and moody and I think that's perfect. Thisalong with the set design, make up, camera work, and sound design, isall pretty perfect. My main problems with the deliver lay within thebeginning of the movie, and closer to the end. A lot of the delivery inthese areas never comes off as creepy and instead is cornier and cringeworthy due to the acting and special effects. All of the scenes wherePennywise shows up he never feels threatening because it feels morelike he's there to scare us as audience members with jump scares. Whynot attack these children? Why even appear at all if you're not gonnakill these kids? Some scenes work better than others I guess. In conclusion, I found 'IT' enjoyable in some respect, and it went by alot faster than I would have thought. Whereas there were things alrightabout the movie, I never excused all the stuff I simply couldn't findenjoyment in. If I was with a bunch of friends and we were justscrolling through Netflix until we scroll past 'IT,' I'd be down. Keepin mind I never said this movie was bad. I just said it was average,and I had a few short things to say. Enjoy the movie all you want, anddon't let me stop you from doing so. After all, we're talking about ahorror movie that shouldn't require the need to be taken all tooseriously. Still won't excuse it from criticism. I'm feeling a decentto strong 5 out of 10.