After reading so many disappointing reviews since its release I watchedSuicide Squad with some trepidation, but it wasn't anywhere near as badas I expected. It's above average, but there's no denying it's flawedand parts of it just don't work at all.Similar to Sin City it's very meta in its approach. It plays up thecomic book aesthetic and for me this worked well. It's quite dark withsplashes of bright colour that reinforces the Sin City vibe and itlooks great.OK, the good - The cast are mostly excellent, particularly MargotRobbie, Viola Davis, Joel Kinnaman and Jay Hernandez. There's a fewneat appearances from Affleck as Batman and a short cameo from TheFlash which was fun. Will Smith is decent as Deadshot, but his castingtook me out of the movie constantly. I always felt I wasn't watchingDeadshot, just Will Smith. I found it hard to separate the actor fromthe character, maybe they should have gone for a less iconic actor inthe role. His acting is flawless though. Margot Robbie is flawless too,but I must say the constant gratuitous shots of her backside were overthe top. The character was completely sexualized and if they'd reignedthis in a little (or a lot if I'm honest) her character could havereally been something amazing. It's a little tough to admire her actingchops or the dialogue she's been given when her backside gets topbilling. Horny young teens will love it though...Sadly there's a lot of bad. The choice of music is either hugelypredictable and tired (Spirit In The Sky anyone?) or just awful. Thestoryline is wafer thin and the big bad, an ancient and powerful witchcalled Enchantress has zero backstory which removes any sense ofurgency to the threat everyone's up against. Her relationship withKinnaman is also underdeveloped so why should I care, frankly? TheDeadshot and his daughter scenes are largely awful and feel out ofplace, some of the dialogue is poor and the climactic big fight scenefell short.The most polarizing part of the movie is Jared Leto as The Joker. I'vealways admired Leto as an actor, he's done some incredible work in thepast and had a thankless task following in Heath Ledger's much lovedfootsteps, but I have to be honest and say it didn't really work forme. He's more like some meth-crazed gangster than The Joker, again hisback story with Harley was too short and underdeveloped and hisdialogue is largely appalling. I thought Harley had more chemistry withDiablo, which says it all.I rated it a 7. If you can ignore the flaws there's an enjoyable filmto be found here, not a classic by any means but certainly has it'smoments.