Any pre-showing excitement we had built up at being entertained by afast paced, visually outstanding or witty film dissipated within thefirst half hour. Recent superhero or comic book based films haveoffered so much more. From the sharp, dark, deadpan humour of Deadpoolor even the all round family appeal of Guardians of the Galaxy. Insteadhere we have a confused plot, painting by numbers editing and flatbland dialogue that amounts to a tedious mess. What a wastedopportunity from such good potential?The editing was bizarre and disjointed. Some opening scenes werelengthy, introducing a few main characters in detail and then theremaining characters were dropped in, almost as extras. As if they ranout of time because they didn't plan the structure of the filmproperly.It felt like entire scenes were cut when we jumped from the Enchantressbeing contained to suddenly releasing her brother. No explanation orreason as to how or why this chain of events could suddenly happen. Thescriptwriters use the Enchantress and her brother as a HitchcockianMcGuffin. They simply become a plot device to enable the Suicide Squadto bond together to fight them. But without any narrative explanation,the viewer is left being unable to identify with any of the charactersand has no one to will on to win the fight. Therefore the film lackedany tension. The only worthwhile elements in the entire film are the superb costumesand the casting for Harley Quinn and the Joker. Without the pair Iwould have walked out before the end so bored was I with the dull waythe film plodded along. Jared Leto and Margot Robbie have found theirniche. However it is disappointing that neither were given any amusingdialogue and no effort was made to use their anarchic characters todevelop the plot. Once again we were treated to the true misogyny of the Hollywood filmindustry. The sexy and fearless Harley Quinn came to existence as aresult of her crazed passion for the Joker. An already dysfunctionalcharacter prior to meeting the Joker she then has her true selfunleashed upon meeting of her soul mate( Bonne and Clyde style ). It'sa tortured love affair that's complex and brutal. Yet in this versionshe is shown as a respectable character corrupted by a love spell castby the Joker. He is then shown to create her madness with electricshock therapy . The violent and insane nature of the male charactersisn't offered a similar treatment. They are accepted for their violenceand anarchic streaks and their life choices. Why is it so hard forHollywood and male film directors to show a woman being naturallydangerous or driven insane with desires? Then we follow up later in thefilm with a scene that showed Harley Quinn's true desire to be wantingto conform and have the picket fence suburban family. This is acomplete betrayal of the original character. As if we can only offerredemption and embrace her madness because deep down she just wants tobe married and have a baby. Did we drop back into the fifties here? The film continues its treatment of woman as only bad ass charactersbecause of the influence of men. Katana is a top class martial artskiller but only because she is redeeming the death of her husband. Itis shown that a female can only be in a position of authority if she isas cold and brutal as any killer. I can't recall many male protagonistsin charge of similar teams in other films shooting their own staff forno genuine reason other than sheer ruthlessness. Tired and clichédsexist nonsense.The plot was formulaic and then became confused and jumped about allover the place. The Enchantress's army looked like extras with bad acnestraight from a 1950's b movie and not the least bit scary. And as forthe climatic ending, had someone just watched the original Ghostbustersand thought ' "Hey that's a great plot line"? I don't know which is more depressing the thought that this is the typeof film a modern day audience expects to view or the fact thatexecutives think this is the type of film that we should be viewing.Doesn't hold much hope for a brighter film industry. Less suicide squadand more damp squib.