Going into 2016, Suicide Squad was actually my second most anticipatedsuperhero movie behind only Captain America Civil War. The marketingteam did an absolute superb job selling this movie through some ofexcellently edited trailers and an surprisingly good originalsoundtrack, an addition that should be considered by more studios. Bythe time August came around, I had reached a level of excitement almostequal to that of Guardians of The Galaxy. Unfortunately, I left thetheatre disappointed, but hopeful for the future of DC films. OK, so Iknow my tone may seem overly negative, but let me say that I really didenjoy the film. Much like Batman V. Superman, it does not deserve thereviews it's been getting from critics. The film improves upon DC'sprevious outing by introducing a much more lighthearted tone, at leastfor the film's first half, crafting a more clear and linear story, andalso featuring better character development. Suicide Squad has many ofthe elements of a typical summer blockbuster which can't help but makeit entertaining. While it may not have met my expectations, it stillproved to be another enjoyable superhero movie, and that's enough forme. However, as I previously mentioned, this film has an abundance offlaws. While I did do a good amount of nit-picking, there a couple ofparticular problems that can't be ignored. The first lies in SuicideSquad's villain. I'm sure I'm not the first to say it, but just abouteverything about the Enchantress is bad. To begin, she was mistakenlymarketed as being a member of the team, which lead many (including me)to believe Monster T would be the villain! Her "host" or whatever JuneMoore adds absolutely nothing to the story. Her brother is just a bigpile of confusing CGI mess. Finally, her evil plan to destroy the worldis given no backstory or motivation. Suicide Squad also suffers from anediting process that structures the movie in a very unusual way thatscrews up the pacing as well as the overall tone of the movie, whichmakes a dramatic shift from lighthearted and fun to dark and gritty.Finally, there's the Joker. I thought Jared Leto did a great jobcreating one of the most unique Joker's that has ever been portrayed onthe big screen. However, I believe there isn't enough of him in themovie to formulate a fair assessment of his performance. One thing Ican criticize is his role in the movie, which I felt did not fit. TheJoker is mainly just there for some flashbacks that make the mistake ofcramming a movie's worth of backstory into a couple of scenes. Iunderstand that he wasn't supposed to have a major role, but I believethe tease David Ayer did give us did not fully represent the notoriousClown Prince of Crime. Suicide Squad is full of potential, and Ibelieve going forward, this will be a great learning opportunity forDC. It shows how to successfully market a movie, provides a glimpse ofhow to incorporate a more lighthearted tone without being campy, andalso displays the importance of proper character development. Repeatthis process and then improve upon the movie's faults, and nothingwould stop me from seeing a Suicide Squad 2.