There is certainly no scarcity of Stephen King adaptations inHollywood, from the gems that were the Shawshank Redemption, The GreenMile, Misery and The Shining, to the wasteland of movies like Cell andSleep Walkers. These adaptations occupy both extremes of the spectrum.IT is yet another adaptation of perhaps one of the author's morepopular novels, the thousand page book was adapted into a mini seriesin the 90s with a great performance from Tim Curry as the iconiccharacter Pennywise the clown, the series however received mixedreviews yet all the same is considered a beloved by many King fans.Needless to say this latest remake had some high expectations to liveup too. After less than a month in cinemas it is safe to say IT hasexceeded them.Andy Muschietti has helmed horror before, his 2013 flick Mama althoughtrampled by critics was adored by audiences. Mama did well enough atthe box office, earning $146 million, to pique the interests of studiosfor the IT adaptation which was at that time in a dormant period ofproduction. Finally in the early months of 2016 Muschietti signed onand production hit the fast lane. Almost two years in the making, withlittle marketing Muschietti has managed to craft a film nothing shortof profound.IT is not your average horror film, it's not the run of the mill,cliché overflowing jump scare fest that most modern horror films are,but instead a sophisticated and character driven thrill ride. The filmdoesn't deliver because of a single aspect , it's not just the scaresor just the acting, or just the sets it's every cog turning to work thebigger machine. Perhaps the the most vital component of a horror film is, well? thehorror and IT doesn't disappoint. The two hour fifteen minute run timeis a hundred and thirty five minutes of high quality horror. Are therejump scares? Yes, but not only are they justified but they work. Sorest assured, there are no raccoons jumping out of trash cans to givethe audience cardiac arrest. Bill Skarsgard's acting as Pennywise isreally what fuels the horror in this film, the fact that he looks eviland hides in dark sewers is not what makes his character terrifying.It's the range he shows within this character, at times he really doesseem like a great guy to hang out with, that is of course before hedismembers you. The opening scene of this movie really sums upPennywise, the scene is one of the most powerful scenes in the movieand perhaps one of the greatest scenes of tension and terror in modernhorror. Skarsgard effortlessly embodies his character perfectlycreating the sadistic, diabolical and twisted Pennywise the clown.Now the scares aside, does IT work as a film? This is often the fearaudiences have walking into a horror film, often directors get socaught up in making a genre film they forget to make a good movie. IThas a great antagonist but the audience needs to root for someone, theyneed the relatable but realistic protagonists that modern horror oftenoverlooks. Our protagonists in IT are the losers club, a band ofbullied kids in the town of Derry. They are quickly thrown into thewhirlpool of evil and soon become the town's only hope. The castincludes Jaeden Lieberher, Finn Wolfhard, Sophia Lillis, Jack Grazer,Wyatt Oleff, Chosen Jacobs and Jeremy Taylor. They're all kids yet theyplay their characters like they've been acting for years. The chemistrybetween these teens is perfect, their characters well written andvarying, however to the extent that you believe they are true friendsnot paper thin, expendable victims. In fact the acting all around isnear perfect, the characters are not exposition machines, the kids actlike real kids not mature adults in child bodies, the result is a filmwith characters you are invested in and characters you care about.Andy Muschietti said it himself in an IMDb review, "this is not youraverage horror film", it really isn't. Muschietti doesn't treat themovie as a pure genre film, he weaves in humour and light heartedmoments which do not come off as abrupt or out of place but naturalwithin the setting and among the characters. The film in addition, addsdetails and hints throughout that may not directly affect the plot butthat certainly do contribute a layer of complexity and depth to theoutcome. For example the film opens with the haunting and beautifullycomposed score. As the scene progresses we see the score is not in thebackground but is being played on a piano by a character. There's ascene in a library, keep your eye on the librarian. It's moments likethese that set this film apart from conventional horror. From thehorror to the acting the film grasps every opportunity to craft ameaningful horror film. IT will last, it is far from forgettable anddeserves repeat viewings not so much to comprehend but to notice theartistry. King fans will be pleased, horror fans will be pleased andall of them will be up at night after this one.