Suicide Squad was a horrible film. I don't even know where to begin. Iwent in hoping that the critics were wrong, and it would be anentertaining summer blockbuster. I was painfully mistaken.First of all, the dialogue was atrocious. Especially from Harley Quinn.Everything that comes out of her mouth makes me want to cringe. "We'rebad guys, it's what we do." "Puddin', I don't know how to swim."Terribly delivered lines. I can't blame Margot Robbie for thisperformance. No one could say those lines without sounding like nailson a chalkboard. Every line that comes from Viola Davis' mouth soundslike they're trying to be sophisticated, but they don't make any sense."We put they (or her/ him, can't remember) in a hole and threw away thehole." What a great line. Also, the last line from the terriblyforgettable villain (a seven-thousand year old witch that wants to killevery human on Earth) was "you don't have the balls." Bravo. I alsoremember Deadshot's daughter to have very bad lines, but maybe it wasjust her robotic acting. And I know it's nitpicking, but the Joker'slaugh as he lays down beside his knives in one scene (was also in thetrailer, I think) tried to be creepy and menacing, but came off haslaughable. But more on the Joker later.Next, the structure. The first fifteen to twenty minutes is justintroducing characters. Viola Davis sits down, and talks with food inher mouth, telling several men about the villains (which would laterbecome the Suicide Squad). I even have a problem with *this* becausethey introduce only Harley Quinn and Deadshot, and suddenly the titlepops up, and then they get back to introducing the rest. Either havethe title at the beginning of the film, or introduce everyone, and thenplay the title. Anyway, almost the entire movie takes place in a city,going through buildings. The same place in the trailers. We seeflashbacks to each member of "the Suicide Squad's" past life (exceptfor Killer Croc, and there's only one for Captain Boomerang, that onlylasts a few seconds during the introduction). This film really confusedme at first. I have no prior knowledge of the Suicide Squad in thecomics, so I thought Cara Delevingne's character (who is the villain)was a part of the Suicide Squad at first. The way she got possessed bythe witch (don't remember her actual name) was walking through a cave,and she broke off the head of some doll, and apparently got possessed.They give no backstory on who this witch is, where she came from, whyshe had a doll in a cave. You really just have to accept it. Most ofthe other backstories are cliché. The "Fire" guy (don't remember hisname) was a family man who loved his children, but one day he killedthem all in a freak accident. Deadshot, another family man, loves hisdaughter, but was arrested by Batman because she "told him not toshoot". Harley Quinn's backstory is a tad fuzzy. She falls in love withthe Joker at the Arkham Asylum (she's apparently his counselor orsomething), gets a machine gun for him, becomes a stripper, and fallsinto a barrel of paint. Best not to ask questions. Then the Jokerdrives her off a bridge, and Batman saves her. There's no real plot tothis movie. Viola Davis wants them to kill the witch, who isterrorizing the city, they have awkward conversations and argue alongthe way, Harley Quinn breaks a window, then they go to the witch (shealso has this boyfriend, but don't even remember what he looks like)kill her boyfriend, the Harley Quinn stabs her, and her *other*boyfriend (who fell in love with Cara Delevingne) crushes her heart.And they leave it on a cliffhanger, when the Joker breaks into Harley'sprison cell, and lets her escape.This film is also unnecessarily dark. No, really, it was hard to evensee what was happening at times, because the film had some sort of"shadow palette" added to it. Why is DC trying to make their films asdark as possible? The Man of Steel was dark, Batman V Superman wasdark. Make a film colorful if you want to include "humor". It's likeBreaking Bad taking place on Sesame Street.Lastly, the Joker. Why is Leto's Joker being applauded? I personallythink Leto is a great actor, but his performance reminded me of LexLuthor in Batman V Superman. Way too over-the-top. He's hardly even inthe film. I feel like he tries to be menacing, but everything he doesjust falls flat. They shouldn't have included him in this film, I feltif he had more backstory and purpose (and less over-the-top acting) Iwould have enjoyed his performance just a little more.I give this film a 2/10, and wouldn't recommend this anyone. Wasn'teven very entertaining. The only reason I give this a 2 instead of a 1is because they actually put effort into this film. I can tell JaredLeto, Will Smith, Margot Robbie, and everyone else in this film isactually trying to put in effort to their performance, but they fail indoing so.