This contains spoilers.I am definitely no film critic but I do love horror films. 'IT' was nota horror film.I may as well have been watching The Goonies/Stand By Me/StrangerThings. Certain songs in the soundtrack really did not fit the scenes.The Score was just WAY TOO MAGICAL for a horror movie. Scenes wouldhave benefited from no music at all i.e. Father/Daughter scene in thehouse. This would have given the movie a gripping sense of realismwhich I just could not find ANYWHERE.I could not get attached to the characters in this film as they justkept attaching themselves to the party like leeches. How manycharacters are there in the end? 7 or 8? Way too many. The acting wasokay. The kid with the glasses didn't really fit the 'Obnoxious badboy' role and ended up just being annoying where the chubby kid lookedliterally 3 years younger than the main girl...They were meant to be inthe same class weren't they? The main bully was probably the scariestcharacter in the entire film including the clown but I will get to thatin a minute. The main bully was literally a psychopath! Who is notscared of a psychopath? I mean, the part where he used the switchbladeto carve his name into the chubby kids stomach and the chase scenewhich ensues was a highlight of the 'horror' film. This was one of themore realistic scenes. It's way over the top, but was one of the veryfew sadistic horror aspects of this film. The kids were also way toobrave and ultimately very quickly ended up not being afraid of theclown at all.I'll keep it short and sharp with the clown. It's voice was not eventhe least bit scary throughout the film. Yes there were semi unnervingscenes, i.e. the drain scene at the start where the clown was talkingto the boy. This was more of what I wanted to see as a horror fan, it'screepy demeanor and sick tendencies/intentions though speech alone.However this was then followed by a ridiculous scene where it shows abunch of razor sharp teeth and proceeds to bite the boys hand thencutting to the whole arm missing. Really?I often caught myself throwing my hands up in the air in disbelief andthinking to myself, How did this get classed as a horror movie.We ended up walking out early as we just couldn't take it anymore. 'IT'WAS Awful.