... yes, i thought Andy Muschietti did a nice job directing this movie.... yes, the kids were a lot of fun to watch throughout this film... yes, Penny Wise was recreated in a way that every purist would besatisfied with.but the story?.. oh man, more holes than Swiss cheese! Where are theSuicide Squad critics when you need 'em? I've read a ton of these reviews here and i am just amazed at how manypeople just don't care that the actual story was a complete and uttermess! Does anybody even TRY to consider the basics of storytelling whenwatching movies anymore?? There should be more to the story than,"Avoid the clown, he's trying to get you - get him before he gets you"For starters, they never really clarify what 'IT' is - or why - or howto kill IT... or when to expect IT... or how to avoid IT.. or how itbecame IT? etc. There's no rhyme or reason to IT and there will be noexplanation, so I hope you're not expecting one.IT never is explained! They never draw a line and let you know when ITis playing with their minds or when IT is real and physical - or why...or why THESE kids are being haunted. Are any other kids being haunted?(Is this even a haunting?!) Why can some see it and others can't? Whatdoes IT want?! (Geez!!) Oddly enough, they spend more time focusing on each kids' parents, whoare all abusive in some way, whether physically, sexually, oremotionally, than they do developing the Penny Wise story. Virtuallyevery parent is ugly inside in some way and they never connect thesedots. Even the town pharmacist is a lurking pedophile ("You look likeLois Lane" wink~wink) They spend all this time on the parentaldevelopment and none of it factors into the ending or the rest of thestory. Makes no sense WHY they would have chosen to spend the timehere.They do make a quasi attempt to show one of the kids interest byshowing him researching the town's history in the town library -thisleads to the kid running through the library basement trying to getaway from killer clowns - but as it turns out - they're not even real!!Just a figment of his imagination apparently.But, then there are the over-the-top, neighborhood bullies that do alittle more than simply knock your books out of your hand and poke fun.These thugs are out for blood for some reason (literally). One day,after catching one of their favorite targets they decide to carveinitials into his belly with a knife (yes, fourteen year old bullies).The kid somehow breaks free, a chase ensues which leads one of thesebullies right into an above ground sewer. A few minutes later, thebully is shown being attacked by a group of killer clowns while in thesewer... you may assume this was just a figment of his imagination too,right?... but no - this time, it was real. Why was this one differentthan the other? How do we know this one was real? Well, it certainlywasn't because the bullies were talking about it, or mentioning it atall. Matter of fact, the bullies carry on each day beating on kids asif he was still right there in the group.The only way we know hisinteraction with the clowns was real (?) was because there is a twosecond clip that shows someone posting a 'Missing Child' poster withthe bullies image - but it's business as usual otherwise.**SPOILERS** The young girl is captured at the end of the movie andthen looks down Penny Wise's throat at some kind of light.. thisseemingly puts her in a trance and now she just floats - er - hovers inthe air looking up at the sewer. No explanation!... however, when thegroup finally catches up to her and finds her floating, one of the kidsgrabs her and kisses her - magically, her spell is broken and she isnormal again... no explanation!... why? To follow up on the hovering girl... during this same final scene,everybody is in this big room where it appears that all the missingkids from the years before are floating in the air in a slow, circularmotion. They are doing nothing but floating... NO explanation... justfloating... now, one would assume that just like the girl in the groupthat had her spell broken by being kissed that these kids were notactually dead (?) and could be saved (?).... Once Penny Wise bids hisfarewell, the children start floating back down... but... that's allyou know. Do they wake up? Are they floating down to die in peace? Dothey all walk out together? NO EXPLANATION!! As far as the otherelements, i thought they tried WAY too hard to copy Stranger Things,going so far as casting Finn Wolfhard. I thought this was a really badidea. Not because of Finn (I love this kid!), but because it shouldhave tried to separate itself from Stranger Things - not try to getcloser to it.The kills were ALL pretty soft. Nothing creative. For example, whenthey killed the main bully, he only fell down a well (he deserved sucha bloodier fate!) Penny Wise was smacked around a little with someclubs but he left on his own terms (he wasn't actually killed!) Meh...too much, "NO EXPLANATION" for me. It was an OK movie. It wasentertaining and some of the shots were nicely framed. The score waspretty nice and eerie at times. Many of the elements that you wouldhave wanted to excel were all here ? it was just the bad story linethat's tough to forgive.