IT was...meh. I am sure part of my problem with this movie is that I am such a Kingaddict, and IT is one of my favorites. The book had some problems, forsure, and the movie did a couple of things that I thought were animprovement. But for the most part, this new movie wasn't a wonderful story aboutfriendships and grief and terror and strength and survival, which madethe book so good and memorable. It was just a horror movie with littlecharacter development, and cheap tricks. And that was a majordisappointmentSpecific problems I had:1) There was NO reason to change it from 1958 to 1985, other than tocapitalize on Stranger Things. IT lost a lot with that change. The1980's were far less innocent. Some of the stuff from the 50's justdidn't translate to what kids would do in the 80's (paper boats withparafin wax??? What house had parafin in the 80's?) And with that lossof innocence it makes far less sense that the kids would even see IT inall its guises. The whole point is that only small children who arestill basically afraid of the boogeyman can even see him.2) Tying in with that--the kids were aged from 11ish to 14ish. Kidsjust finishing fifth grade? Yes, you can believe they'd still be afraidof scary clowns, mummies and lepers. Kids who just finished their firstyear of high school? In the 80's? No. (Somebody said they weren't inhigh school--check Ben's yearbook. And classmate-- Henry's friend isdriving.)3) This Pennywise was almost too dark. Yes, he's a monster, but there'salso this manic charm that he can use to lure kids. Skaarsgard is verygood, but he's just terrifying. Little kids would be scared to death ofhim; they'd run away from him on sight, not be kinda interested. TimCurry handled that brilliantly.4) The casting of the kids was atrocious! Bev and Mike look likethey're 17. Eddie looks 10. They do not in any way look likecontemporaries. Bev was far too mature for the sweet romance to workand Mike was big enough to beat Henry up himself. Also, his backstorywas just so weird with his parents being dead and the sheep killing. Hedidn't work at all, and he was such an important character--thelightkeeper.5) They cut a lot of the kids' backstories and connection/friendshipmoments in favor of cheap thrills. And the special effects went the"jerky" horror movie route and looked really fake and dumb for abig-budget movie.6) I hated what they did to Stanley's character. You won't have muchempathy for him for the choice he makes as an adult because he's sounlikable as a kid.7) Why on earth would the entrance to the sewers be underneath theNiebolt Street house? Just because the filmmakers needed a shortcut toinclude the spooky house? (Oy and talk about cheesy CGI--that houselooked like a graphic you'd use in a Halloween party invitation!) Andthe way the kids acted in the house--getting separated twice--was justsuch lazy writing and was really dumb. (But the clown room was wickedcool!)8) OMG they cut Eddie's most important line?! (battery acid) Does thatmean adult Eddie doesn't get to reprise that moment?Okay, there were a couple of things I really DID like:The scenes with Bev and her father were horrifying and so tense I wasclenching my fists. He was the most terrifying monster in the film.The "floating" (we all float) was finally done in a way that lookedamazing and made the repeated threat make perfect sense.All the actors were very good! I just didn't like the choices thewriters/directors made with them.Out of curiosity, I did just rewatch the IT miniseries. Yes, it's verydated. The soundtrack isn't great, the graphics are veryminiseries-ish, and the special effects are laughable. And the adultportions were just okay--TV actors reunion. Yes, they were fine, butnot standouts.The kids, however, were standouts, and all the kids' sections werereally good. Really good actors, amazing chemistry, age and eraappropriate, they all looked the parts, looked the same age. Really,everything about the kids parts of the miniseries was superior to thenew film if you look at it as just a really solid movie and not a"horror flick." It didn't have the scares, but it had the story, andthe heart. It's very possible the IT-2, adult part will be better. But despite itsage, its cheesiness and its eye-rolling special effects, I think the1st half of the miniseries was superior to the new movie.