IT is based on the Stephen King novel, and tells the disturbingrecurring events that happen within the town of Derry in Maine. Kidskeep disappearing and sightings of a spooky clown, other visitationsand red balloons occur. A group of bullied high school kids ? onedirectly impacted by the disappearances ? work to get to the bottom ofthe supernatural goings on. (Fortunately they don't have a dog calledScooby).I had in mind that with the disturbing and dangerous "clowning around"that happened in the summer of 2016 that this film had been shot awhile ago but the release delayed until now for fear of adding 'clown-flavoured fuel' to the fire. But it appears that filming only completedin September of last year, so that appears not to be the case.The film starts memorably and brutally with the "drain scene" from thetrailer. And very effective it is too. "Great!" you think? this is aspookfest that has legs! Unfortunately, for me at least, it all wentdownhill from there. The film really doesn't seem to know WHAT it'strying to be. There are elements of "Stand By Me"; elements of "Alien";elements of "The Conjuring", all thrown into a cinematic blender andpulsed well.The most endearing aspects of the movie are the interactions of thesmall-town kids, with this aspect of the film bearing the closestrelationship to J.J. Abrams' "Super 8". This is carried by the greatperformances of the young actors involved, with Jaeden Lieberher (somemorable in "Midnight Special") as Bill; Jeremy Ray Taylor ("Ant Man")as Ben ('the chubby one'); and Finn Wolfhard, in his big-screenpremiere and sporting an absurd set of glasses, as the wise-crackingRitchie.Standout for my though was the then 14-year old Sophia Lillis asBeverly (the nearest equivalent to the Elle Fanning role in "Super 8").This young lady has SUCH screen presence, reminiscent of Emma Watson inthe Harry Potter films. I think she is a name to watch!While commenting on the acting I do need to acknowledge Bill Skarsgård("Atomic Blonde" and son of Stellan Skarsgård) who is creepilyeffective as Pennywise the clown.Having a film that just centred on the pubescent interplay between theyoungsters and their battles against the near-psychopathic school bullyBowers (Nicholas Hamilton, "Captain Fantastic") would have kept mewell-entertained for two hours. However, in the same way that thehugely over-inflated Sci-Fi ending of "Super 8" rather detracted fromthat film, so the clown-related story popping up all the time justirritated me to distraction. ("WILL YOU JUST FECK OFF AND LEAVE US TOFIND OUT WHO BEVERLY GETS OFF WITH???!!")While the film has a number of good jump-scares, a lot of them ?especially those with excessive use of CGI ? just don't really work.There are normally no "outcomes" from the scares. It's all a bit like aghost train where the carriage rounds a corner, something jumps out,and then the carriage moves on round the corner again! What makes agreat horror film is where the "science" of the horror is well thoughtthrough. "Alien" was an exceptional example of that, where the sciencewasn't just "physics" but also "biology". Here (and I'm not surewhether this is true to the book? this is one of Stephen King's Ihaven't read) there seems to be no rules involved at all. Things happenfairly randomly: shape-shifting and effects on physical objects happenwith no rational explanation; the kids can see things adults can't see.(Why?). In fact the "adults" ? the usual mix of Stephen Kingdysfunctional small-town crazies ? seem to have no significant part inthe story at all. It's all like some lame teenage fantasy where actions(a number of individuals in the story meet their demise) seem to carryno legal consequences whatsoever. I half expected Bill to wake up ?Dallas style ? at the end and realise it had all been an "awful dream"!In particular, the denouement is highly dissatisfying. An opportunityfor a (very black) twist in the plot is discarded.  Pennywise theclowns departure is both lame and unconvincing. And there are numerousloose ends that are never properly tied down (what was that "floatersdescending" dialogue about??. it was just never followed through!).It's not all bad though. The location shoots in Bangor, Maine and theOntario countryside are all beautifully rendered by cinematographerChung-hoon Chung  ("Stoker") and where the film clicks with the youngcast it clicks well and enjoyably. I just wish that the overall filmwasn't just such a jumbled-up mess: blame for that must lie with thescreen writing team and director Andy Muschietti ("Mama"). I'm going togive it a kicking in my rating, since with all the marketing build-upit was certainly a disappointment. I see though that at the time ofwriting that this film sports an unfathomably high IMDb rating of8.0/10 so I'll acknowledge that somebody must have seen something morein this than I did!!(For the full graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com).