Possible spoilersI went in the movie with reservations, I heard negative reviews, Iheard good ones. As always I make my own judgment afterwards.First and foremost, this is probably the worst and most over dramatizedversion of the Joker I have ever seen in my life. I was raised in comicbooks, they tried entirely too hard to make Joker look crazy. It seemedway too forced, he and Harley Quinn both look more like junkies thanpsychopaths. Not to mention they horribly botched the relationship ofJokers impression of Harley. I have no idea what they were aiming forand even less of an idea on why Jared Leto accepted that role. Harley Quinn, again they spent way too much time and effort making hera sex symbol and made her look like some white trash/hood rat combowith minor Harley Quinn traits.Deadshot, honestly, this was where I held most my reservations. Ididn't like the idea of Will Smith in comic movies, but I think he dida fantastic job. The claim that Margot Robbie stole the screen justdoesn't seem right as the movie centered more on the changes that hemade as well as the leadership role he acquired.Killer Croc, I don't even know here. This was just plain bad in so manyways. I will just leave this one alone.Boomerang or whatever he was called, yet another utterly uselesscharacter I half expected to be killed off. Like the Joker in thismovie he was a try hard with no real desire to see again.Katana, yes because who doesn't like having someone show up thatdoesn't speak a lick of English. You know the very language that therest of the movie was in.Flag, no depth of a non-"meta human" kinda expected more than a minimallove story.The enchantress wasn't bad when she wasn't doing some weird fish likedance moves.Plot, terrible. Outside of the focus on Deadshot the plot seriouslylacked. Why would you bring Batman into a movie for parts yet he keepshimself away from a several day long battle, especially with hisdecision to make a team after the doomsday problem.I would have scored this movie lower if it wasn't for the occasionalHarley Quinn like characteristics and the fact that Will Smith shinedpretty well.Whoever wrote some of those scripts and designed the characters shouldbe exiled from Hollywood.