Let me just start by saying that "Suicide Squad" was, among Batman VSuperman one of the films I wanted to watch the most this year. And nowthat I've watched it, I can tell you that while financially it mightturn out a bigger hit than what we previously thought, it isn't the hitthat the DCEU needed to clear all doubts and ghosts after Dawn ofJustice. I can't hide it, I'm a big DC fan, Batman is my favouritecomic-book hero and I grew up watching Nolan's Trilogy. Maybe Nolan seta very high-bar on other comic book films to follow and when I go tothe theater to watch anything DC-related, I wanna come out surprisedand happy. With Suicide Squad, although that happened to some extent, Iwas much more prone to wonder on how much did the so call suitsinterfere with the process of making this one, because, although DavidAyer has repeatedly stated that this is HIS cut (the contrary woulddefinitely cause some turmoil), I believe he had a somewhat differentvision for this months ago.Let me just say that contrary to what I've listened and read from somereviewers, the first half hour of the film was very painful to watchfor me. The way the presented each member of the squad (not eachbecause they inexplicably forgot Spliknot - even if he's appearance inall of this is very brief) seemed so wrong and out-of-place. Ayer'sfirst idea, at least from what I gather was not to have the flashyflashbacks, opting for a linear presentation instead. I don't know whythis was removed, but I think this way it would've been much better.The poor editing didn't help it at all and I often found myselfwondering why they'd make it this way, which was, at least for me,childish sometimes.After that point I honestly enjoyed the film, and I realised I wasdoing so on the first big action scene, when the Squad fights thefaceless hordes of "zombies" spawned by Enchantress and her brother.Deadshot climbing on top of a car and clearing out the street wassimply amazing.Major thumbs up for the casting department. I don't know how Tom Hardywould turn out as Rick Flagg but let me say that Joel Kinnaman fits therole very well. Nothing to say about Margot Robbie, Will Smith, JaiCourtney, Jay Hernandez, Viola Davis and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje causethe really seemed like they were born to play their role.The two major biggies I had with this:--- The Villain --- Cara Delevingne is a fine actress for me, but Enchantress is blend andclichéd as the villain. Lack of motivation, no character development,just the same old game we've been seeing for the past decade. Its the convention, and since this movie revolves around the WorstHeroes Ever, one would thought they'd find a more developed and wellbuilt villain to pose a threat.--- The Joker ---I've seen many criticizing Leto, I've seen many worshiping him butright now, I can't quite make my mind about his performance. He hasalready stated that many scenes of his character were cut, scenes thathad even been incorporated on the trailers (suits meddling?) and Iguess I'll have to wait for is next on-screen presence to decide.You're not going to watch this for the plot , you're going to watchthis for the spectacle. That's why you're buying the ticket.Enjoy