I went in to go see IT with full intentions on giving this 8 stars orbetter. Unfortunately, I found this to be more disappointment thenenjoyment. I will explain the good and bad, but first, I want to pointout that this review is based solely on the movie itself. By that, Imean that I will not compare this to the 1990 TV movie. I will,however, compare with the book, which is where I did feel a bit letdown. I do understand, there is no way you can condense the widths anddepths of the book into a 2 hour, 15 minute film. ( This is why it issecretly divided to an unclosed number of films, but I can only basethe review on what I saw here.) At first, IT was promising, the first10 minutes revives the story faithfully to the opening of the book,giving a feel that they are on the right track. Everything seems spoton, and we get a first glimpse of Skargards performance as Pennywise,the child killing clown who dwells in the sewers of Derry, Maine. He isincredibly chilling, and you think to yourself...this will be good!Then you get the opening title screen, provided you have bypassed themost brutal scene in the entire movie. From there, it all falls apart,and I mean...there just seems to be no direction, not much of a plot,the "where do we go from here?" feeling. I did not expect this. We allwaited a very long time for this movie to be released in theaters, andI was let down by the feeling that not enough time and effort was putforth in reassuring us that everything would have been handled well andwith care. I was let down. Bills performance as Pennywise was quitestrong, but he has a (at most) 8 minutes of screening time in theentire 2 hours and 15 minutes of the film. Most of it was a lot ofshape shifting, and sometimes he was just doing weird things to try tomake us laugh, rather then being scary, so it through me off as to howthey were intending on us to react to the movie altogether. This clowncan be scary as hell, most will just see him as a weird clown, but itis safe to assume the film does not rely heavily on his performance.The gore? It's not as gory as you may expect, however, when it doeshappen, it tends to be a bit over the top...one scene in particular,and this is where I resent to say the film falls victim to the wholeCGI crap, which downgrades the film quite a bit. I grew up in a timewhen we didn't use CGI. We did not need it then, and we do not need itnow, and it certainly did not belong in IT. How scary was it? If youhave seen 10 scary movies in your lifetime, you are prepared for IT. Ifyou have seen 20 scary movies, you will see absolutely nothing newhere. Nothing. Familiar jump scares, you should be immune to it. I was.Somewhat. Now...the plot. This is where it all falls apart. There seemsto be no direction. The good chunk of the movie revolves around thebully kids fighting with the good kids, and Beverly takes up way toomuch of the films time. Needless. Parents are barely in the movie.Effortless. I do not know what the plans are for the next film, but Ido hope it ties things together. It was a bit emotional, which I liked.A scene, for example, shows a girl signing the cast of one of the kids,she signs it LOSER...Beverly changes the S to an V....so cute. Humorlightens the mood, and the kids did an amazing job putting the film tolife. However! There are unforgiving moments. I couldn't forgive theCGI. And it was unfaithful to the book. All in all, it was a fair shotin the making, they had one shot at glory, and if they missed...well, Isuppose I can forgive them for that. 6 out of 10 from me!