Disappointment. That's actually far better than what I felt afterwatching this movie. I wanted to leave the cinema about 30 minutesbefore the end but that's against my personal policy so I tried plan Bbut found nothing to poke my eyes out so I watched, and cried...-First, where is Deadshot? No, because all I saw from start to end isgoody Will Smith playing the good family guy, very far from the coldhearted hired assassin he is supposed to play.-Second, what was that false publicity? The Joker appeared a lot in thetrailer but he has absolutely no purpose in this movie apart from beingthe background story of Harley Quinn. Really, you remove him, you getthe same movie but with only half of the theatre full.-Third, while I'm on her, the guys who made this movie obviously didn'tget the relationship between Harley and the Joker. The Joker don't givea damn about her, she is his tool, he can throw her from a bridgewithout a second thought while Harley has developed a serious StockholmSyndrome toward him. In this movie they are all lovey-dovey, at the endof the movie I nearly expected to see them leave in a car with "JustMarried" written on the back with a "And they lived happily everafter."-The first half of the movie is actually not that bad, the villainsreally look and act like villains most of the time but everythingstarted to fall apart after Will Smith reunite his troops after theyfailed the mission the first time, each one of them just want to dropeverything and leave but then Will Smith says they can't give up and ofcourse all the bad guys listen to him because he is Will Smith (God?).That was when I did my first face-palm.-This movie is 50% Will Smith, 40% Harley Quinn, and 10% the others.Really, apart from the first two, the others are just backgroundcharacters, to make a comparison, in Guardian of the galaxy, you gotone hero but you know the background stories of every members of theteam, and they get their fair share of screen time. In this movie, theyjust don't care.-The jokes, sorry... The "jokes", well, I think the quotes speaks forthemselves. Sometimes it's funny, most of the times it's not andsometimes they even try to explain the joke you understand but don'tfind funny. I think Warner tried to be more funny and less dark in thismovie after they got some bad reviews about Batman Vs Superman beingtoo dark but that's just ridiculous, they remade some scenes to addjokes and sometimes it even breaks the action.-And while I'm on it, Batman vs Superman had an impact in the DCUniverse, it starts with the consequences of what happened in Man ofSteel and at the end of it, the world has changed. In this movie, thereis no progression of the DC Universe, it feels more like one of thosefiller episode you don't want to watch in any series.-I won't talk about the end of this movie because, as a sadist, I wantyou to go watch this movie and suffer during the two hours needed tofinally reach the end credits. Just know that the last minutes areactually way worse than the rest of the movie. Enjoy ;)Anyway, as a DC fan, I wanted to see Harley Quinn in a movie butcertainly not in this one. I really, really, REALLY hope that Warnerwon't use this movie as a reference to make Justice League because ifthey do I'll have to formulate an official request to DC so they canlet Marvel do their movies :D See you all in 2017.