My wife and I went to see this movie last night. This is probably theonly review I've done in the past 30 years and that's because I believethis was "UNFAIRLY REVIEWED BY CRITICS", so I'm hoping you'll give thismovie a shot after reading what I have to say. I almost didn't go because the movie review in USA Today newspaper onlygave it one star. Some of the user reviews here didn't seem veryenthusiastic about the movie either. I'm 67, retired, and a King fan(I've red The Dark Tower books). My wife is 70, retired and not a Kingfan (she hasn't read any of the Dark Tower books). Just to provide someadditional perspective some of the movies we've seen so far this yearand how we rated (in chronological order) The Founder 5, A Dog'sPurpose 5, John Wick Chapter 2 5, Logan 6, Kong; Skull Island 7, Beautyand the Beast 7, Power Rangers 5, The Fate of the Furious 8, Guardiansof the Galaxy 2nd Vol 8, Pirates of the Caribbean 4, Wonder Woman 9,The Mummy 5, Spider Man 6, War for the Planet of the Apes 8, and TheDark Tower 8.I was worried standing in line to see the movie so when the previousshow got out I started asking people (must have been close to 20) ifthe liked the show. (Would have asked more except my wife was feeling alittle embarrassed.) Everyone said a hearty "Yes" except for one couplewho shook their heads and said, "It wasn't like the books" and gave ita thumbs down. After that I was encouraged and looked forward to seeingthe movie. I figured most of the critics were slamming it because itdidn't follow the books closely. Frankly, from what I've seen, Kingbooks have always had a tough time being translated to the big screen. Although this movie didn't follow the books "right on" the main gist ofthe plot and characters were there so I wasn't disappointed. Contraryto what some other critical and user reviews have said, the plot wascohesive, well thought out, and had similarities to the book. Theacting was very well done all around, the action was excellent and wasnot jittery or blurry. It's easy to connect to the characters and theemotional points of the plot.I started with a list of movies we've seen and how we rated so you cancompare how similar, or not, your ratings were to put in perspectivehow likely you'd be to enjoy this movie. I wonder if critics and someusers go to movies for reasons different from ours. We just want to seefun, entertaining, well acted movies that have been filmed and directedby good professionals. The ONLY ding we could give this movie was thatit wasn't done in a manner similar to "Lord of the Rings" where it'scarried out over 3 films with greater detail and depth. That might havebeen better, but maybe not. Regardless, I wish critics would at leastrate movies like this with 2 stars as long as they're fun, well doneand entertaining. There's no way this was a one-star film.Unless you really need the movie to follow all the outline and plot ofthe books, I'm extremely confident you'll enjoy this movie. It's wellworth going to the show to see. You'll like it!