Being a tower junkie for over a decade, I honestly don't have muchexpectation on this movie adaption. Much of The Dark Tower series'charm comes from Stephen King's narration, which doesn't easily convertinto the visual language of movies. Since the bar was set extremelylow, I thought there's no way I could be disappointed in the cinema.But dude, this Nikolaj Arcel guy has one heck of a way to prove mewrong.Judging by what's revealed in trailers, I thought this one should coverThe Gungslinger and *part of* Drawing of the Three, starting a wholefranchise, with more installments to follow. But no. The director tookpieces from all seven Tower books, glued them onto a self-madestoryline (a lame one), and called it a day. Yes, you're reading itright. This is the whole thing, the entire package. What kind ofidiotic mind ever thinks of packing SEVEN novels into ONE SINGLE movie?Within 1.5 hours you will see Roland Deschain fighting the army of theMan in Black (vol IV), having his ass handed to him, embarking on achase (vol I), picking up Jake Chambers from New York (vol I & II),although the Jake in this movie is really Jake Chambers and PatrickDanville rolled into one (vol VII). They fooled around in Mid-world fora bit, then discovered Algul Siento (vol VI), where the Man in Black'sforce are hording up breakers to destroy the Dark Tower. In order thethwart the evil operation, they went to this village that lookssuspiciously like Calla Bryan Sturgis (vol V), activated a portal toKeystone Earth, trying to infiltrate en route the can-toi headquarter,a restaurant called Dixie Pig (vol VII). Then there comes a ton of pewpew pew and bang bang bang. All baddies died, including the Man inBlack (vol WTF). They destroyed the tower-breaking machine, and livedhappily ever after (vol WTF). End of story.No Oy. No Eddie Dean. No Susannah Holmes. Even the Crimson King isaxed, while references to him can be seen everywhere in the movie. Thisversion of Roland didn't even attempt to enter the Tower.I've thought hard, for nice things to say about this movie, and came upwith only the following: 1. All sorts of creative reloading techniques.2. Walter O'Dim is super duper kickass cool in the movie adaption, waycooler than in the original novels. Matthew McConaughey did portray the"Walking Dude" true to his name, always on the move, casually passingthrough lives and worlds, leaving havoc in his wake.Otherwise... it's a dozen bucks wasted. Should have donated it to thecharity.BTW, IMDb should change its rating mechanism a bit, allowing us to givea 0 rate.Oh, there's one nice touch at the very beginning of the movie. Amongthe names and logos of producers and investors, there's a screenfeaturing "Tet Corporation", accompanied by a turtle and a rose,kindling false hope in me.