Long story short, the Dark Tower, is a tower that protects the worldsfrom darkness, and the only way the dark tower can fall is using themind of a kid and strapping them in this chair, and then they vibe offsome sort of energy that hits the tower and basically there's thecharacter Roland played by Idris Elba, and he's the last of these lostwarriors who protected the tower, then there's Jake (who I'll talkabout later) he's from earth and he's got physic powers, basically Jakehas these nightmares and dreams of other worlds, and so the villain ofthe film known as the man in black played by Matthew McConaughey istrying destroy the tower, by abducting kid's from earth who have"special abilities". Also keep in mind everyone thinks Jake is crazy.Fast forward a bit, Jake and Roland meet up, and they travel across aworld (Roland's World) trying to kill the man in black and save thetower. I'm sure you can guess the ending. {Intro}. Honestly I had no expectations whatsoever entering thetheater, I hadn't read the books, and was not at all keeping up withthe early reviews coming in online, so my mind was cleared and didn'tknow what to expect after glimpsing parts of the advertisements Ithought the movie looks okay, so I went into theaters only to bedisappointed to be watching another Hollywood Déja Vu.1. The film started off with full of surprises and suspense taking theaudience to an unknown atmosphere putting them on the edge of theirseats for around 15 seconds before the scene cuts to a Kid, (the kid,the gifted outcast, misfit, who has such amazing powers) But yet Ididn't give up, I didn't know the whole story so I was let that little(big) cliché slide. Then we got introduced to Idris Elba's characterafter getting a better picture on Jake (who is the KID) anyways notdeep into the film yet, the audience still trying to figure out thewhole story on what exactly is happening here, if this is like a modernLord of the Rings or just straight up The Dark Tower story ripped fromthe books. Which brings me to part 2.2. Not having read the books, I do not know if this story is accurateto its Origin, after coming back from the of film I read some reviewsto find a mix emotion of The Dark Tower saying it stayed true to thenovels, some people loved it and some hated it. Two sides, always twosides. I'm going to be straight up honest, this was one of the mostmodern clichés I've ever watched it my life, I mean the whole multipleearth and friends who now have turned into enemies who are trying todestroy each other was unbearable to watch it was like reliving some ofthe worst movie moments in your life. I found Jake to be very close toHarry Potter at some points in the film, people will argue that therewas no connection between the two whatsoever but in this split secondof the movie I really felt like this Kid was just a big knockoffversion of Harry. Then we have the friendship gone to enemies problem,a story which all of us have seen to many times to admit, honestly theonly thing that made this The Dark Tower's friendship and enemyscenario bearable to sit through was Idris Elba, I mean for real, thatwas the only reason I gave this movie such a high rating, It deservesso much lower, but Idris was the only thing keeping this pile of rubblefrom crumbling down. Which gets us to our third point.3. I really felt a the beginning that this movie very much potential togrow into a ongoing series like the comic book adaptions, but it failedso terribly. When they introduced the villain I was thinking on leavingthe theater, I mean Matthew McConaughey is a great actor no question,but there was nothing unique about his character at all. Absolutelynothing, he was just like taking all the bad parts of what makes agreat villain and them putting them into a blender to make the Man inBlack (who if you haven't caught already, is the villain of the film)and seriously The Man in Black how much more cheesier can you get. Forme it really felt like the director thought the whole audience watchingwere kids, I would've liked it more if they added a little bit ofviolence to spice things up. 4. Lastly, the scenario, it hurts me to even talk about it. Destroy atower that keeps all darkness away from the worlds in this "realm"really Hollywood you couldn't have the thought of a better way toapproach that Plot, Oh my bad I forgot you guys just released the emojimovie, so there's no way that could be possible. Anyways that brings an end to my review, hope you liked it, if youdidn't I couldn't care less, I you did then click YES button. And ifyou are a fan of the books, I'd encourage you to see it and hear yourtake on how Hollywood tackled this adaption.