I am a Stephen King movie and book fan, so I had been waiting for thismovie to come out for quite a while now. Even though I've heard mostlymediocre or bad reviews on this film, I still wanted to go out tosupport one of my favorite authors, Stephen King, and also a favoriteactor Idris Elba in his lead big-screen role. I was even originallyhoping that this film would be a theater trilogy masterpiece like theLord of the Rings or the Star Wars franchise. Due to the book seriesand its large fan base, this movie had so much potential to be great sodespite the recent negative buzz, I went on to view the movie anywayand judge it for myself.When I saw this movie, I wasn't exactly thrilled by it, but it didn'texactly leave me disgusted either. Actor Idris Elba did a phenomenaljob as the Gunslinger. I was captivated every time he was on the screenand I wanted to learn more about his character. Matthew McConaugheyalso did a great job playing "The Man In Black". He was the ultimateface of evil and I thought that the two actors played the classicbattle of Good vs Evil well in the movie. The young actor, Tom Taylordid a great job playing the kid Jake Chambers, and although I was kindof nervous about him at first and wondered what great job his characterwould bring to the table, I can honestly say that by the end of themovie I was very pleased with his performance as well.The main problem I had with this film was the pacing. It did feature afew monsters and creepy characters, but their scenes seemed to movealong so fast that I felt that I was barely able to connect to any ofthem. The movie which was 95 minutes, also seemed to go along so fastthat although I was on the edge of my seat throughout it, as soon as Ifelt that the movie was going to great places, the end had alreadycome. It went by really fast. There was so much more that I wanted toknow about the Gunslinger, the "Man in Black", the Dark Tower world andother parallel universes, that the ending left me feeling a littlehollow and like something was missing.This is a decent film in my opinion, but not a must-see horror oraction movie. I was a little disappointed because the book seriesfranchise is a classic to many fans and I had hoped that movie goerswould get a taste of that excitement in the theaters. This movie givesthat energy in some parts, but I felt it way too rushed and leaves alot to be desired by the end. I like Stephen King and really want tosee more of The Dark Tower series presented in film in a powerful waythat it is in the book series, but this movie is only a taste ofgreatness that this franchise can offer. Hopefully Hollywood can giveit a better shot next time.