I've been a Stephen King fan since my sister introduced me to hiswriting more years ago than I care to admit. Ultimately, I loved theDark Tower series. To say I had an initial bad reaction to the seriesending (a twenty minute profanity laden tear) is something of anunderstatement. While some of the films based on King's work haven'tlived up to their potential, I had high hopes that this one wouldn'tfall into that category. Sai, thanks.Blessedly, the folks behind The Dark Tower haven't not forgotten thefaces of their fathers and have delivered a spectacular film version ofthe novel. Breaking my movie curse and reigning supreme in the process! Not surprisingly the film is quite different from the book. However, itperfectly captures the essence/spirit of the story, characters, andthemes without missing a beat, in an expertly pared down amalgamatedversion of the original source material. Moreover, if you've never readthe book(s), don't worry. You won't be lost, all the pertinent pointsare hit and you will enjoy the story. If you have read the book(s)and/or are familiar with King's other works, bonus!! You won't bedisappointed and there's the added enjoyment of the film beingchock-full of Easter eggs as a homage/reward to the Constant Reader.The casting is perfect. Idris Elba as The Gunslinger and MathewMcConaughey as The Man In Black meet and exceed expectations in theirrespective portrayals. A pure delight to watch these two in this one.Going in my only worry was for the character of Jake Chambers, playedby Tom Taylor. I'm unfamiliar with Taylor's work, but this kiddelivers, big league. The writing is A-rated. As is the editing, special effects, andcinematography. While the storyline is dark as most apocalyptic talesare, it's never brooding or depressing. It also contains a good amountof laugh out loud humor to keep things from becoming morose. I foundthis action packed film thoroughly enjoyable, entertaining, andthrilling from beginning to end. At a mere 94 minutes running time, Inever felt rushed or cheated. In fact, I appreciate them not paddingthe film out and dragging it down as a result.No, The Dark Tower isn't a direct adaptation of the book(s), get overit. However, I don't feel it suffers as its own film as a result. I also love the fact the way things ended, it can be a standalone, oneand done film, or we can delve back into the world of The Gunslinger.After all, there are other worlds than these. I for one am hoping forthe latter. In the interim, I look forward to adding The Dark Tower tomy film collection and many repeated viewings.For your father's sake, cry off and see this in the theater. It's a 10from me.