Adapting Stephen King stories for the screen has long been a difficultproblem for Hollywood. For every "Misery" and "The ShawshankRedemption", there are many others such as "The Mangler", "Cell", "andGraveyard Shift" and many more where things did not go as planned. Thebig issue is that King often creates detailed characters with complexbackstories and puts then in fully developed worlds that despite theirsupernatural nature, often are easy for readers to relate to.Also as any reader of his books knows, King is not one to spare thepaper and his books can be very lengthy offerings. This is an issue forHollywood as they are forced to condense a 400-800 page plus story inmany cases to fewer than two hours of screen time. The solution hasbeen to try television movies such as "The Langoliers", "TheTommyknockers", "The Stand", and "It". The problem with this format isthat while spreading the story over multiple nights allows more timefor the story, they gore and adult content which is often the core ofthe story has to be greatly watered down.Which brings us to "The Dark Tower", an adaptation of King's largestoffering as the series covers seven books and a novella, not to mentiona Prequel comic and more. The series rolled out from 1982-2004 withKing often saying that he might never finish the series. Fortunatelyfor fans he released three books from 2003-2004 and was able to declarethe story told.The story tells of a world like ours, but different that has "movedon". It is a dying world where Roland (Idris Elba), is pursuing awizard named Walter (Matthew McConaughey), who is responsible forlaying waste the world and killing all that come into Roland's life.The books follow his unrelenting chase of The Man in Black overcountless years and how he has become a cold and driven individual whothinks nothing of using people to get his revenge.Roland is the last of the "Gunslingers", a Knight like group whoprotected the world and who used guns that were rare in their world tokeep the peace. Roland is highly skilled and unlike his now deadcompanions, is impervious to the magic of Walter which has allowed himto remain alive and continue his quest.The Man in Black is fixated on destroying the Dark Tower, whichprotects the many worlds in the universe from the outside evils thatlook to destroy it. Along with a young boy from Earth named Jake (TomTaylor), Roland must find a way to save the universe and exact hisrevenge.The film keeps the conflict between Roland and The Man in Black butgreatly condenses the story as it includes references to things in thefirst two books but omits much of the backstory and plot of the novelsto tell what I would call a story that was inspired by, but not basedon the books.This is at the core the biggest issue with the film. I have read thebooks and while I wanted an adaptation that was closer to them, I didfind myself enjoying the film more than I expected to. The leads werevery good and even though they had a very watered down script to workwith, they did a good job and the finale does have some nice visualsand action to it.People I know who have read the books have naturally been verydisappointed with the film but those who have not read the books havementioned that they enjoyed the film and accepted it as a fun bit ofescapist adventure.There has been talk of a television series that would focus more on thethird book onward which hopefully would include how Roland gained newfollowers from our world who were trained to be future Gunslingers.That remains to be seen as the success of the film will likely hold thekey. I hope we do get to see it as there are countless stories andcharacters yet to tell in this universe and I think fans deserve to seethem as King wrote them.3 stars out of 5