Okay I gave it a 3 out of 10 because I love Stephen King but this filmwasn't good at all. I love the books and I learned from IMDb in thetrivia that this is a sequel to the 7 books. How you gonna have asequel to films that haven't even been made yet? It works with Lord ofthe Rings or Star Wars but not The Dark Tower. Now if they had actuallymade the film called The Gunslinger which is the first book in the DarkTower series then it probably would have worked to develop anunderstanding of the characters and what's going on. For me they rushedit. You can't just throw characters out there and expect people tounderstand what's going on the moment the film begin, well unlessyou've read the book like myself but what if you've never read thebooks? Then well you're screwed then because you'll be lost. This filmseemed rushed to me. The studio was only looking for an excuse tocreate prequels or that TV series out of the books which they shouldhave done at the beginning instead of trying to cram 7 books into onemovie that's only 1 hour and 35 minutes. The dude who plays thegunslinger was cool. Idris Elba is a good actor so I can't fault himfor the role because he had to work with material that was rushed intodevelopment because this is the year of the King and they want to bankof Stephen. Matthew McConaughey who plays the Devil was okay but he wasa bit overdramatic in his acting I didn't believe he was the Dark Lordfrom the Underworld. I mean he's an Oscar winner you were giving usEmmy winner performance in this film. I'm glad I didn't pay to see thisfilm, well I did but it was only a dollar at Redbox so not that big ofa deal. Don't get me started on that kid who played Jake, ugh hisacting was terrible. There's a scene in the film was somewhat sad andhe was taking over the top with his crying and making a scene I wasthinking of myself lord have mercy go back to acting class and learnhow to cry. The film itself the idea of it was cool but when youactually sit down to watch it didn't pan out for me. Should you watchthis film, well if you get lucky and get it for a dollar at Redbox thenby all means rent it but don't be surprised if you find yourselfwondering why they decided to make this into a movie instead of theoriginal idea of a TV show. You could wait until HBO plays it because Iknow they'll be playing it.