First off, I love Dark Tower. I've read all the books (currentlylistening to them now as a re-read), read all the graphic novels, readalmost all of the connecting books, and even played the boring gamethey made for it (Discordia). This movie was the best way to adapt anotherwise slow story. Not that "slow" is bad, but if the director wasgoing to do a straight adaptation, everyone would be asleep halfwaythrough. People are missing how subtle the adaptations are I think. Roland ispoisoned in the second novel like he is in the movie, Jake is lured bya demon like he is in the movie, all the psychic kids are pulledstraight from the last book, and the first book is about Roland, TheMan in Black, and Jake. While I'm a bit confused as to why they gaveJake a friend who added nothing to the story (unless it's supposed tobe Eddy!? Hmmmmm), and why they made him live in a rundown apartmentinstead of a rich house (I guess to make him more relatable), those areminor complaints compared to the rest of the movie. Idris Elba IS Roland. I don't care what people say about Roland notbeing black, Elba captures Roland as a character brilliantly. MatthewMcConaughey is FANTASTIC as the man in black. Didn't have faith in himhonestly, but I was pleasantly surprised. As for the spoiler part (and this is a big one if you've never read thebooks so STOP if you haven't read them), this is a sequel and it feelslike a sequel ought to. Roland has the horn of Eld that he left behindin the series and now will bring to the Tower (hopefully in the nextmovies that DESERVE TO BE MADE) and The Man in Black mentions this isthe "last time around." This added so much to the movie and I lovedevery second of it. This movie was made for those who read the seriesand honestly the opinions of those who haven't read the books meannothing to me because they simply do not get what this movie means tothose have read the books. If people are too stupid to hate this movie because they never read thebooks or just didn't pick up on how clever the adaptation really is,then they need to not bring the rating of this movie down for theirlack of perception.