From the look of the trailer, The Snowman appeared to be a welcome callback to the string of serial killer thrillers that became popular inthe 90s. These films usually consisted of a killer with some kind oftrademark, in Se7en it was the seven deadly sins, now it's snowmen.Things looked bright for this film as the cast consists of great actorslike Michael Fassbender, Rebecca Ferguson, Toby Jones and J. K.Simmons. The director, Tomas Alfredson, has also made criticallyacclaimed thrillers such as Let the Right One In and Tinker TailorSoldier Spy. The list of talent attached to this film would put anyoneunder the impression that the movie would be good at the very least.Michael Fassbender plays world famous Norwegian detective Harry Hole (Ilaughed too) in this adaptation of Jo Nesbø's novel of the same name.The concept involves multiple disappearances in that occur acrossseveral years all linking to a killer that leaves snowmen at the sceneof every crime. It sounds like a fun thriller but it saddens me to saythat The Snowman is one of this year's biggest disasters. Virtually everything about this film doesn't work and I don't say thisas some pretentious remark. Really the only saving grace of this filmis Dion Beebe's incredible cinematography. The best way to address themany problems of this film is to start at the beginning. The film openswith the child that will grow up to be the snowman killer. He liveswith his mother and an abusive biological father who beats his mother.The mother threatens to tell the father's wife that the child is his.This sets him off and he says they'll never see him again then gets inhis car and leaves. Problem solved right? As he leaves the mother andchild chase him down in their car, screaming for him to come back. Why?As I sat in the theater I thought to myself that this was one of thosethings that would be explained later and that there was something moreto this opening flashback. No. This is one of one of the many confusingaspects of the story that are thrown in as a plant for a reveal laterbut are never paid off. This aspect alone makes the film one of themost confusing I've seen in years, and not in a good way. Themes arealso introduced at the start of the film only to return as paradoxicaland laughable messages that make the least bit of sense. The film alsocontains one of the most underwhelming climaxes that honestly givesFan4stic's final "battle" a run for its money. The story is essentially just a whodunit where they dump a couplesuspicious looking characters into the mix and it's up to the audienceto decide which one it is. There could have been at least some attemptto connect all these suspicious characters but instead we get acompletely disjointed subplot about some underground sex ring involvingthe world cup that went absolutely nowhere. It doesn't even connect tothe killer whatsoever and is never solved. The main characters arehollow and have very little involvement in the case itself. They buildup Harry's character like he's some legend but he's just one of thedumbest cops ever put to film. It's almost like things just happen forthem and the clues are given to them. This destroys all tension and wenever truly get a suspenseful moment but when it does attempt to bescary its hilarious. All of these problems turn the film into a messbut what does the most damage by far is the goddamn editing in thismovie.This is some of the worst editing of the year. I'm not just talkingabout the moments where they obviously made jump cuts in the middle ofshots to make them move faster. The scene to scene editing will leaveeveryone confused, you'll wonder why certain scenes weren't placedbefore or later or how characters got from point A to point B. In myopinion, editing is the most important process in filmmaking. It'swhere the final product is produced and if it's in the wrong hands evena good film can be edited down to a piece of garbage. I think had theyre-edited this film it would have actually been OK. There aredefinitely scenes missing from this movie and I think it's one of thereason why none of the themes and subplots amount to anything.In the end, The Snowman is a beautiful disaster. It contains some oftoday's best talents only to throw them into one of the most well shotambitious pieces of garbage ever. According to the director, 15-20percent of the script wasn't even shot and it shows. The movie has afew moments that made me laugh out loud but it's not worth seeing and Iwouldn't recommend it to anyone unless they wanted to see how bad itwas. This is one of Fassbender's many recent duds and I hope he can getback on track before he does a career ender. So my recommendation wouldbe to miss this one and go see the Blade Runner sequel instead.