The Snowman was right from the start panned with bad reviews. But Ifound this film was way better on the second viewing, just like TomasAlfredsons Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy was. Exactly the same way! Andthat says a lot. Alfredson likes to do some subtle moves.When I saw this at a large outdoor pre-screening at the film's locationRjukan two days before the world premiere, I must admit I agreed to therather bad reviews saying it's a 3 or 4/10. There were too many strangethings which didn't make sense to me. Whatæs up with coffee bean thing?Why snowmen? Why this and that seemingly unmotivated scene? Well, I saw it again tonight, at peace with myself in a complete packedcinema, and everything was clear right from the start, though this filmis in fact a murder mystery, and not a horror movie.I even found the drunken police man Val Kilmer's role quite decent thesecond time, and much of the acting was superb. I must admin I foundCharlotte Gainsbourg over-playing a couple of times, and so with youngMichael Yates as Oleg, but probably something they were asked to do.The photo is exquisite, the locations are interesting and beautiful,the cold and the feel is chilling, though i guess the film has been cutto much in the start. It's really difficult to follow what's happeningin the first 1/3. More than this being a bad script or bad directing, Ithink it's but cut to pieces. Some parts makes no sense, before you themystery bricks fell into place at the second view.So i really recommend those of you who have questions after the firstviewing to go see it, or more likely put it on, once more. It's reallynot that bad at all. It's actually a quite decent serial murder mysterythriller.I also think this film is poised to be a box office success, thoughpanned with the bad reviews, and so the makers, investors and actorswill all laugh all the way to the bank. Maybe the film even will belabeled underrated in a few years. It wouldn't surprise me, now aftermy second view.Go see it again! And if you only saw Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy one,make sure you also watch that one also a second time. You might saywith some right that a film isn't good enough if you have to watch ittwice to really appreciate it, but then again that's what some mightsay is a mystery.