I wasn't sure how this film could fail. Tomas Alfredson has deliveredsome great movies so far, that were both enthralling narratively and asan experience. Michael Fassbender is one of the best actors workingtoday, and The Snowman boasts an impressive supporting cast to ensurehe's kept up with at all times, from Rebecca Ferguson to CharlotteGainsbourg to J.K. Simmons to Val Kilmer, Chloe Sevigny, Toby Jones,James D'Arcy, and David Dencik. Added bonus I noticed as the openingcredits began; produced by Scorsese too.Unfortunately all the big names in the world weren't enough. TheSnowman starts with intrigue and a fascinating attention to detail thatAlfredson has made a habit of, but once the opening credits are overwith, it's like they couldn't be bothered any more and haphazardlystuck it together the best and laziest way they could. Entire subplotsare introduced that have no bearing on the film at all, and some thingsjust happen without build-up or explanation. The twists and turns ofthe film's various revelations fall flat and add nothing, and the thirdact culminates with the epitome of an anti-climax.Harry Hole is a cop in Norway (for some reason) who has a seriousdrinking problem, is so bored at his mundane job that he doesn't appearfor weeks at a time, and tries his best (and fails) to be a surrogatefather to his ex-girlfriend's teenage son. Katrine is a new coptransferred over from a neighbouring city who is secretly following herown investigations for personal, vengeful reasons, that just so happento align with what's starts to happen. That's the extent of thecharacter development, for any characters, in the whole movie. Sure, amovie doesn't need a whole load of character development to work,especially in crime thrillers like this, but this felt extra hollow andsoulless.Entire characters are introduced played by big-name actors that have no(or little) relevance to the story. Toby Jones has maybe thirty secondsof screen time in total, J.K. Simmons is a womanising philanthropistwho's just there as an unlikely red herring (so unlikely that he'snever even floated as being a possibility), James D'Arcy is the husbandof the "first" victim whom they keep going back to for some reason, andVal Kilmer...Oh my god Val Kilmer is the worst thing about this alreadynot-great movie. His botox has covered any and all expression ofemotions, and the delivery of his lines was so unusable that they hadto (badly) overdub him. What's worse is that they could've saved us thetorture of his presence by cutting his character's subplot entirely,and the movie wouldn't have been affected at all.There's a lot that just sort of happens too, for no reason. Forinstance the killer replaces some pills in Harry's house that he gotrid of. It's not made clear why, but it must be important right? Theonly importance it has is that his ex comes along, goes to the bathroomand finds the pills, and has a tantrum about them...for some reason.Besides the fact that there are too many variables for this to be avalid form of manipulation on the killer's behalf (the ex would visitHarry, would go to the bathroom, and would find the pills), it'sinconsequential as the next time we see Harry and his ex again they'reperfectly happy and fine as if nothing happened.The movie has some serious pacing issues too. It starts off slow in acool way. It builds up tension and mystery and gets you gagging formore. However it soon turns slow in a not-so-cool way. The first actdrags on far too long. This is a movie about a killer who leavessnowmen to taunt his victims, but it takes half the runtime of theentire movie before Harry and Katrine even realise there's a killer atall, let alone start chasing him. Once they do find out, you'd expectit to start kicking off and getting somewhere, but instead it pissesabout with pointless subplots that have no bearing. It starts to dragso much that I actually found myself bored, which doesn't happen veryoften. Once we hit the third act, it rushes it's way through the twistsand turns to reach a climax that is unsatisfactory and anti-climatic,we get a coda that lasts about two minutes and then credits, making youfeel like you wasted your time having bared the long stretches ofnothing that happens.The Snowman is up there as possibly the worst movie I've seen thisyear. It's lazy, boring, inconsequential, forgettable, badly written,badly edited, badly acted, badly paced. Just about the only praise Ican muster for it is for Alfredson's signature directing style in themovie's opening, for Fassbender's tortured performance that makes thebest of what it's given, and J.K. Simmons brief yet bizarre turn as theoddly awkward womanising philanthropist. I give The Snowman a bad 3/10.