There doesn't seem to be a lot of love for The Snowman, which is a pitysince most of the elements I love about Scandinavian crime drama arethere: an overall unglamourous look; icy landscapes; a protagonist withemotional issues and difficulties connecting with other people;gruesome killings; dark family secrets, enough red herrings to fill asmall sea, and a surprise twist at the end. In fact, had this been aNorwegian movie, then I think that most people would have praised it aspleasantly non-Hollywood, but now they don't now what to make of it sothey give it a critical drubbing. Director Tomas Alfredson (of TinkerTailer Sodier Spy fame) knows how to put the elements together in thebest tradition of series like The Killing (Forbrydelsen) and The Bridge(Bron) and films like The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo (Män Som HatarKvinnor), but, to be fair, The Snowman is also the lesser of thisgroup.Much of that can be blamed on production issues. Apparently, Alfredsongot involved late in the production, and large parts of the screenplaywere not even filmed. Judging from scenes that are in the trailer andmissing from the movie, editor Thelma Schoonmaaker (of Goodfellas fame)may have had a hard time to make a version that is at least coherent.Still, some sequences in the movie noticeably take their time forset-up, sometimes to little avail, as if essential parts are missing;other scenes, especially the climax and the epilogue, are toofast-paced to the point of feeling rushed. I haven't read the book butI have been told that Harry Hole is much more eccentric and complexthan we get to see here. Michael Fassbender is an excellent actor, butI would have loved to see more of his troubles, other than hisalcoholism and lack of remembering appointments.The best treatment for The Snowman probably would have been an entireminiseries, preferably with Norwegian actors. It would have given ampleexposure to Harry's character, his interactions with suspects, and timeto explore the subplots that are now only touched upon, especially theones involving Val Kilmer, Toby Jones and J.K. Simmons, who get way toolittle to do. It kind of feels as if the makers tried to cut 10 hoursworth of top television into a 2-hr feature. That said, I do notrecognize some of the criticism that the film is utterlyincomprehensible and its characters all over the place. Undoubtedly,many people are only familiar with heavily Americanized remakes ofScandinavian crime dramas where everything tends to be clear andeveryone is rather normal. I would advise those people to watch agenuine one from Scandinavia, with subtitles, made by local actors andcrew. Enigmatic, ambiguous characters who cannot be defined by a singlecharacter trait, and a measure of ambiguity in the plot should be partof the deal.A final plus is that the makers used their budget for some breathtakingshots of Norway's scenery, something that would have been difficult torealize on a television budget. This movie is certainly not perfect,but it has some great tense moments, and it saves you a ticket for aholiday to Norway.