The nice things I can say about the Snowman are brief but I feel thatits important to mention them. The cinematography is solid, theycapture the beauty of Oslo well and it makes for an interestingbackdrop for this murder mystery. They take advantage of theenvironment to create some beautiful moments and I'll give them creditfor that. The next thing is that I'm sure this book is interestingbecause despite The Snowman's every attempt to divert my attentionthrough its lack of storytelling polish, I was interested on where thestory was going to end up. Other than that the acting was okay? That'sabout all I got.I have to believe this was a better book. The story of Harry Holeinvestigating The Snowman killer has all the classic trappings of agood detective story. The violence is pretty brutal, the characters allhave a twisted sense of morality and I didn't find it predictable. TheSnowman fails at translating this because they fail to properly connectaspects of the story. We spend a good amount of time with Val Kilmer'scharacter Rafto for a very minor reveal and then he's just gone for therest of the movie. There are red herrings that occupy big amounts ofscreen time that are also dropped without a care. Some subplots have nopurpose (who cares about his relationship with his stepson? It hasnothing to do with anything!) and some just fade out into nothingness.I can't believe someone with Alfredson's ability would just fumble allof these basic things. There are a couple of stories about the troubledproduction that I'm inclined to believe them after viewing the finalproduct.The Snowman doesn't lack for interesting characters. If Harry Hole wasin a more complete picture, he'd be a great protagonist. Hisrelationship with Katrine (as a non-romantic partner) made for a decentpairing. You also have some suitably slimy people operating in town(Arve and Vetlesen) to point the finger at. The raw materials are therebut other than Hole and Bratt, none of them are developed. Thebeginning of movie highlights this, we get some shockingly graphicscenes with a boy and his mother being abused by a guest. Only afterthat do we meet Harry Hole and then that scene isn't even referencedtill 3/4 of the way through the movie. We also get very littledimension about the Snowman killer after he's revealed. The movie justrushes into the finale, why does he leave snowmen outside? Why did hecommit these crimes years ago and only recently decide to continue?These questions go unanswered (there are very minor hints dropped but Ithink we were due a better explanation) and it just added onto thefrustrating experience.The largest problem with The Snowman is that baffling editing choices.Not only is this thing hacked up to death, it can't do even the bareminimum to help the story get along. There are scenes where you can'tpossibly understand the actions of the characters, not because they'repoorly written but because of the bizarre scene transitions. People'smotivations change on a dime, weapons disappear without an explanationand it was hard not to burst out laughing. I kept throwing up my handsand asking Why? What? How? so many times in this movie. It was honestlyridiculous, I don't want to blame the editor completely as the directoradmitted 10-15% of the script wasn't even filmed. There is also so muchkey dialogue said off screen that it makes the movie look sloppy. Wouldit been hard to throw a little more money into this to create apassable product? I guess that's not up to me but I can't imagine itwould have been that difficult.I'm just unloading on this movie but I want to make it clear, I don'tblame this misfire on the actors/actresses. I really like a lot of thiscast. Fassbender is a great actor that can play in many differentgenres. He's decent as Harry Hole but he lacks the material to shapeHole into a memorable detective. I also really like Rebecca Ferguson,outside of MI: Rogue Nation, she just has a hard time pickingworthwhile projects. She also does good work but her character is justso bland that you can only care about Katrine so much. Poor Val Kilmer,he looked like he was trying but this movie made him look awful. J.K.Simmons is fine but his accent is iffy and you think he's going to playa bigger part but he doesn't. Charlotte Gainsburg drifts in and out ofthe plot and she's undercut by the treatment of Hole's family issues.In the middle of this movie, I was around a 5 on it. Sure, itsremarkable how bad it is considering the talent involved but as Imentioned, the mystery of who the killer was did keep me relativelyinterested. To my disappointment, the wheels fall off the cartcompletely at the end. Characters are left hanging without any kind ofa resolution, the reveal comes completely out of nowhere and the endingis just thrown together and unsatisfying. The action is poorly filmedand it was hard not to walk out early with the final confrontationbeing so groan worthy.This is one of those times where the reviews on this are pitch perfect.If you're a fan of this book, I am so sorry. I can't remember anothertime where there was this much talent both behind and in front of thecamera yet the end result is a dull and mishandled mess. I hope thatthis movie is a distant memory in the careers of the people involved.The only way I'd watch this again is with a case of beer and I wereplaying a game with some friends where you drink when something isunintentionally bad.