I just don't know where to begin... ...well lets start with the story, a films core. The Snowman's plot andits execution was all over the place. It's not just that it wasnonsensical and just laughably stupid by the end, but the movie wasfilled with scenes and complete subplots that were completelyinconsequential and unnecessary. Some characters and their wholestoryline could easily have been cut out and it wouldn't have had anyeffect on the plot. Excuse me, did I write characters? There were nonein this film, only famous and recognizable faces who were hired becauseof their name. Talking about this stellar cast full of fantasticactors, they just as easily could have been replaced by completeunknowns and it wouldn't have changed a thing. I feel bad for them,since Fassbender is in my opinion one of the best working actors today,along with Charlotte Gainsbourg, J.K. Simmons and Toby Jones whounfortunately just did not have anything to work with from the get go.Okay, lets talk about the execution of this mess. It starts out slowafter a very odd opening and stays that way for more than half of themovie. Nothing important happens. Then we are introduced to some new"characters" and subplots, which also didn't add anything to the film.Then there's some effort to build Fassbender's "character", which hadno payoff and was completely unconvincing anyway. Then by the time youget to the half-way point you're bored out of your mind and alreadyknow who done did the things that had been done, so there's no revealor twist by the end. And that ending. It is just completely ridiculousand has a few unintentionally laugh out loud moments. So, there's that.I have to say that I haven't read the source material, so I don't knowif it's as bad as the film (probably not), but the film is just bad.Really bad. It's extremely stale and bafflingly stupid, which caught meoff guard, since there was a time where Scorsese was set to direct. Iwonder if he could have made it work. The only good that's worth mentioning is that the setting is verypretty to look at, shot at times beautifully, which at least adds acertain atmosphere to the film and lastly there was some fun gore andunintentionally funny scenes. So don't go out of your way the see this one, it's a stinker.