'The Snowman' is directed by Tomas Alfredson and stars MichaelFassbender, Rebecca Ferguson and Charlotte Gainsbourg. Based on JoNesbø's novel of the same name, 'The Snowman' focuses on DetectiveHarry Hole, a washed up cop seeking an interesting new case toreinvigorate himself, before discovering a cryptic note addressed tohis name: a note linked to missing women, broken families and icysnowmen marking the presence of death.As someone who never got around to viewing Alfredson's previous worksuch as 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy' I personally wasn't overly excitedfor his new project when I first heard about it, yet over time myinterest piqued as I learned of the involvement of credited actorsFassbender and Ferguson amongst others, as well as an intriguing,promising trailer. It therefore pains me to say that this film is a messy, convoluteddisappointment. From a plot that has no idea where it is going tocharacters that are two dimensional and hollow, this is one of the mostforgettable experiences of 2017.The most fundamental element dictating any film's success above allelse, is in its ability to maintain a cohesive narrative that takes theaudience on a journey, clearly having something to say regarding theworld around us by the end. 'The Snowman' certainly has opinions, yetit conveys them in such a sloppy, unfocused way that these messageshave nowhere near the impact intended. Additionally, the film appearsto have no idea what is going to happen next, with random sub-plotsham-fisted into the story with little to no pay off, simply leaving youwondering why they are there to begin with. It truly lends to the senseof a rushed production, and consequently the absence of finesse.Furthermore, all of the characters are two dimensional and flat. Theyall fall into well worn crime drama caricatures: the washed updetective, the corrupt businessman, the young officer with a hiddenagenda. Yet unfortunately, they all fail to escape these stereotypes tobecome something truly fresh and interesting due to a lack of inspiredwriting and any true surprises in their character arcs. This leavesthem in the shadow of far more three dimensional, complex characters insimilar works, such as Idris Elba's Luther and Benedict Cumberbatch'sSherlock Holmes in their respective BBC Drama's, suggesting that maybethis story was better off told as a TV drama, with more time to expandon character and motive.The only positives I can really find here is that all of theperformances, shots and soundscapes incorporated are good; they aren'tanything groundbreaking yet are the only elements that manage tosuspend your disbelief whilst every other aspect of the film tries itshardest to pull you out of the experience.The word that comes to mind when thinking about this film is passable.Usually, that would not be too bad.I could say 'The Snowman' is apassable film perfect for the background of a Sunday afternoon, becausein reality that is exactly the type of film that it is. Yet I thenrecall that the creative team behind this are some of the most talentedcreatives working in the industry today, and I personally expectbetter. Therefore, I have to say 'The Snowman' is a truedisappointment, a passable experience that should have been amesmerisingly haunting one. It is forgettable, it is lacklustre, butmost regretfully, it is incredibly dull.