I saw the Snowman movie yesterday.  This movie has a most intriguingpremise, followed up by a plot that stretched belief, very badly.  Thepremise is that there is a serial killer on the loose who enjoys 1)making snowmen to memorialize or announce his killings and 2) tauntingthe police.  Good; right?So, it could be good, but next, we learn, there are a series of leadingsuspects who are a doctor or business and community leaders . . . andthen, as we approach the ending, we learn that the actual evil-doer isa psychologically disturbed orphan who grew up to be both a doctor anda friend to the lead detective . . . a man who has prescribed to thedetective some medication he takes!  Now, I could be wrong, but it seems that there are not too many doctorswho are sadistic, psychopathic, serial killers.  The medical professionseems to be underrepresented in lists of serial murderers.   This isnot a case of Dr Richard Kimble being wrongly convicted for havingkilled his wife.  This is a medical doctor, one who is not a Nazi, whotakes pleasure in cutting off the heads of his victims with garrotes orweapons.Along the way, the police manage to investigate several innocentpersons and then, one of the police gets herself killed while in ahotel bed and while she is waiting to seduce another one of theinnocent suspects who is mostly innocent.  Somehow the sadistic,psychopathic medical doctor is also very good at covert surveillance ofpolice, and good at unarmed combat with police, and the psychopathickiller then leaves this crime scene without a visible trace of struggleand murder.  OK, that sounds normal.So, the sadistic and psychopathic doctor, psychologically disturbed,has also been auditioning for the role of  Wonder Woman and/or Batman.How we square all these things is not explained, just assumed . . . Theonce psychologically disturbed orphan is now really a genius, afighter, a killer and one who also carefully cleans up murder sceneslike this one to not leave blood or body parts behind.What we could have had was a movie about a disgruntled car mechanic ora postal worker as a serial killer who enjoyed taunting the police . .. and instead, the murderer is a doctor and a friend of the detectivelooking for him, in regular contact with him while doing variouskillings.  Wow.