The trouble with The Snowman starts pretty much immediately after itstarts. A young boy building a snowman looks out into the distance as apolice car is approaching. Cut to the car parking. Cut to another angleof the car. Cut to a third angle; then cut to the interior of the home.Fourth angle, fifth angle, sixth, seventh, eighth ? no rhyme, reason,impetus or new information comes across on the screen. The feelingevoked is not unlike getting whiplash while in park.The Snowman continues like this ? shunting and sputtering through itsplot like a car skating helplessly across a frozen lake. Everythingneeded to make this thing work is more-or-less on screen: an antiheroprotagonist hunting down a serial killer with a gimmick, a red herring,a moody locale, a parallel story set nine years in the past etc. Butall of it is haphazardly tossed into a bleak kinda-sorta murder mysterythat refuses to coagulate into anything engaging. At first it'sfrustrating. Than after you truly internalize the fact that no one onscreen actually gives a s**t, it's actually kind of mesmerizing in apustule popping kind of way.So what is The Snowman about? I mean, other than it being a malevolentattempt to scam a windfall ala the offices of Bialystock and Bloom.Well it stars Fassbender as an intermittently sozzled Oslo city policedetective named Harry Hole (giggle). He and his new partner Katrine(Ferguson) investigate a series of deaths and disappearances that mightpossibly be linked to a set of murders that took place in another townnine years earlier. Their investigation then leads them on a tour ofgrizzly crime scenes whose clumsy staging and internal inconsistenciesmake them funnier as the film wears on. At one point a man's head isblown up by a shotgun and the police immediately rule suicide. "Hecouldn't have shot himself at point blank range, it had to have beenfrom an angle," says Hole (giggle) in a forced Anglo-Norwegian accent."You run your investigation, I'll run mine!" responds his chief.The movie is like this throughout ? grim looking characters pointingout the obvious while meaning and context is left completely absent.But lest you think The Snowman is merely run-of-the-mill bad, itpunctuates nearly every fifteen minutes with truly bizarre choices.These choices range from near alien-like dialogue sequences to theoccasional off-putting character quirk.J.K. Simmons appears at one point as a business mogul who in additionto snapping random photos of the women he likes, at one point gets hisbody man to proposition Katrine as he peers from the side of a curiocabinet. Because nothing says subtlety like involving three people andfurniture for a sexy hotel rendezvous. And the less I say about ValKilmer the better; the man looks like a Bull Terrier was forced to weara Beau Bridges Halloween mask and acts though his scenes like he'sbeing Bowfinger-ed (1999) (giggle).In a weird way, these injections of the bizarro, gift wraps this moviefor a certain kind audience. Those waiting for the next Disaster Artist(2017) dissection of a uniquely awful movie need wait only a decadebefore Oscar Isaac is tapped to play Executive Producer MartinScorsese. Yet for regular audiences looking for a new, atmosphericcrime thriller, this thing doesn't even approach a late-nineties AshleyJudd movie. No, this thing is more like The Wicker Man (2006) remakewith a slightly better cast.