Unlike its animated namesake, "The Snowman" is not a good film.Frustratingly it has all the right ingredients:- A story by bestselling Nordic writer Jo Nesbø; - Gorgeously photogenic snowy scenes of Oslo and Bergen; - A stellar cast (Michael Fassbender ("Alien: Covenant"); RebeccaFerguson ("Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation"); J.K. Simmons("Whiplash"); Toby Jones ("Dad's Army"); Chloe Sevigny ("Love andFriendship"); Charlotte Gainsbourg ("Independence Day: Resurgence",very sexy as Fassbender's ex-squeeze) and even Val Kilmer ("Top Gun",whose mother ? interesting fact ? is actually Swedish).And while these elements congeal in the snow together quite well asvignettes, the whole film jerks from vignette to vignette in a mostunsatisfactory way. I haven't read the book (which might be muchbetter) but the inclusion in the (terrible!) trailers of key scenesthat never made the final cut (where was the fire for example?, thefish? the man trap?) implied to me that the director (Tomas Alfredson,"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy") and screen writing team ? PeterStraughan (also "Tinker, Tailor"), Hossein Amini ("The Two Faces ofJanuary") and Søren Sveistrup (TV's "The Killing") ? either didn't have(or didn't agree on) the direction they wanted the film to go in.Nesbø (and indeed most crime writers these days) litter their work withdamaged cops?. you have to question whether the detective applicationform has a mandatory check-box with "alcoholic and borderline psycho"on it!. This film is no exception. Fassbender plays Nesbø's mastersleuth Harry Hole: an alcoholic insomniac well off the rails betweenhomicide cases. "If only Oslo had a higher murder rate" bemoans hisboss (Ronan Vibert). He joins forces with newby officer Katrine Bratt(Rebecca Ferguson), who has her fair share of mental demons to fight,in investigating a series of missing person/murder cases. The duounearth a link between the cases ? all happen when the snow starts tofall and to particular types of women, with the protagonist leaving asnowman at the scene.The plot is highly formulaic ? I guessed who the killer was withinabout 20 minutes. But what makes this movie stand out, for all thewrong reasons, is that it has one of the most stupid, vacuous, flaccid,inane, ridiculous ? (add 50 other thesaurus entries)? endingsimaginable. My mouth actually gaped in astonishment!There are also a surprisingly large number of loose ends you ponderafter the film ends: why the "Snowman"'s fixation with Harry?; what waswith the "Vetlesen cleaner" subplot? How is Star Trek transportationpossible in Norway? (But wait a minute... "Telemark"... "Teleport"...coincidence???? :-) ).On the plus side, there is some lovely Norwegian drone cinematography ?(by Australian Dion Beebe ("Edge of Tomorrow") ? that immediately mademe put "travel by winter train from Oslo to Bergen" on my life- map.The music by Marco Beltrami ("Logan") is also effective and suitablyHitchcockian.If you like your films gory, this one is definitely for you, with somepretty graphic content that (for those who like to cover their eyes) iscut to so quickly by editors Thelma Schoonmaker ("The Wolf of WallStreet") and Claire Simpson ("Far From The Madding Crowd") that yourhands won't have time to leave your lap! I remember this being afeature of a previous Nesbø adaptation (the much better "Headhunters"from 2011) but here it goes into overdrive.Overall this was a rather disappointing effort that was heading for a5* rating. But just because of that ending I'm knocking a whole twostars off!(For the graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com or checkout One Mann's Movies on Facebook. Thanks.)