Did you know that the great Michael Fassbender is starring in a taught,tight "hunt for the killer" crime thriller THE SNOWMAN?If you are looking at the advertising for this film, I don't think youdo. If you believe the advertising you are scratching your head wonderingwhy Fassbender is starring in a serial killer horror flick where thebad guy stuffs the dead, dismembered bodies into Snowmen.Nothing could be further from the truth.Based on the 7th Novel in Norwegian author Jo Nesbo's Harry Hole seriesof crime novels, Fassbender stars as Hole - a brilliant, alcoholicdetective who is brought in to solve a missing persons case that seems- at the beginning - as a crime that is beneath his abilities.  He isjoined by "new to the department" Detective Katrine Bratt (RebeccaFerguson) who rolls her eyes to the fact that she has to "carry" thisalcoholic through the case.As directed by Tomas Alfredson (TINKER, TAILOR, SOLDIER, SPY), THESNOWMAN is moody and atmospheric, capturing the desolation of Norway inthe winter.  Fassbender, of course, is fascinating to watch - acharacter with a deep past that shows on his face.The problem with this film is that it feels like the 7th story of aseries - even though we are being introduced to the Fassbendercharacter for the first time.  I felt like I am missing much, muchbackstory that - if I knew it - I would be much more invested in whatHarry Hole is going through.As I stated, this film is "moody and atmospheric" - some would call it"slow and boring" - and I can see their point, though I caught the vibeof this film early and was okay with the leisurely pace (though I amglad I saw this in a movie theater, I don't know if I would have stayedwith it had I watched it at home).  For those of you who have seen theWALLANDER Detective Series starring Kenneth Branagh on PBS, it moves atabout that pace - slow.  Something about Scandanavian Detectives thatbrings out the slow pace, I guess.The supporting cast is competent - Ferguson, JK Simmons and CharlotteGainsbourg are all worth watching.  And then there is the casting ofVal Kilmer.  I don't know what to say about his performancebut...bizarre.  I'm not really sure what he (and Director Alfredson)was going for there, but it didn't work for me.  And...maybe I'm wronghere...but I think all of his dialogue was ADR'd (dubbed-in) later onby another actor.All in all, a enjoyable (enough) murder mystery with a fine centralperformance by Michael Fassbender.Letter Grade:  B-6 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis)