'THE SNOWMAN' - 2017Directed by Tomas Alfredson{Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy; Let the RightOne In}Starring Michael Fassbender{Steve Jobs; X-Men: First Class}, ?RebeccaFerguson{Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation, Life} and CharlotteGainsbourge{Antichrist, Independence Day: Resurgence}Plot Overview: ?For Detective Harry Hole, the death of a young womanduring the first snowfall of winter feels like anything but a routinehomicide. His investigation leads him to "The Snowman Killer," anelusive sociopath who continuously taunts Hole with cat- and-mousegames. As the vicious murders continue, Harry teams up with a brilliantrecruit to try and lure the madman out of the shadows before he canstrike again.I understand that a 1001 things can go wrong for a film during it'sproduction, to prevent it from perfect. But when you have such atalented cast of actors and a capable director, I don't understand howyou can go as wrong as you have. Obviously esteemed actor have failedin the past, as have esteemed directors. But if you mix enough of theminto a blender, it will surely create art. Right? Well apparently not,as this film fights to prove.Perhaps the one and only true redeeming quality in this movie isMichael Fassbender. The man is a sensational actor and I can buy him inalmost any role he plays. And that is no different here! He succeeds inconveying the dark and troubled nature of his character and at pointmakes my sympathise for him.As far as minor praise goes, Rebecca Ferguson was at least decent inthe movie. The setup was also pretty well done(not like it took 90minutes or anything though) and the film at least looked very nice. Itwas a pleasant film to 'look' at. The cinematography and editing wereboth at least decent but it wasn't THAT great.Now for the issues this movie has. And trust me, there are a LOT ofthem! Firstly I should comment on the plot and conclusion, withoutspoilers of course. The 'plot' of this movie consists of 75% setup, 20%Fassbender Family Time(more on that later) and around 5% of the actualfreaking serial killer. It is one of the most dull, uninspired and lazyplots I've seen all year. With the exception of Transformers andFlatliners, of course! Then there is that GOD awful conclusion. I don'twant to jump to conclusion but it may very well be the mostdisappointing climax this year has presented. Yep. It was THAT bad. Then there is the fact that there an absurd number of characters, andNONE of them have any payoff whatsoever. What was the point of ValKilmer{Top Gun}'s character? What was the point of JKSimmons{Spider-Man}'s character? What was the point of REBECCAFERGUSON's character? The answer to all of those questions is the exactsame: there wasn't one. The story packs in so many characters and thenNONE of them matter. Just Michael Fassbender and the serial killer. Noone else in the entire film matters, but you'll be sure they do fromthe way a lot of them are presented.Another thing that bothered me was how much time they spent trying toget me to care about Fassbender's character and family. It makes what'sgoing to happen far too obvious and just slowed down the movie. I don'tcare if they went to a dumb concert or whatever, it was boring and dumband slowed the film down to a screeching halt.The pacing was also a major issue. The entire movie drags for 100 or sominutes and then all of a sudden we're forced into a very dull andstupid action climax where literally no worthwhile reveals are made andnothing of note even happens. I can't say I was let down because therewas very was very little excitement and intrigue in me at this point.But if I can guess what's gonna happen in a SERIAL KILLER MYSTERYTHRILLER, before the 30 minute mark; something is definitely wrong. Overall, I really didn't like this movie. It's such a dull and boringlet down, because I got genuinely excited from the trailers and thetalent involved. But as it stands, The Snowman's hopes and dreams of arecommendation are melting on thin ice(badum tish). I'll rate 'TheSnowman' 4 'Snowmen' out of 10.