This was a real stinker.As a bit of fan of Jo Nesbo I was actually quite excited about thisfilm, and having recently got into a new relationship with someone wholoves chiller novels I decided this would make a good date night movie.It did, but only so we could both laugh about how bad it wasafterwards.Having read the book I am completely familiar with the story, but whenmy partner said "that's the killer" the second they showed up onscreen, I knew we were in for a lot of dross, as it was painfullypredictable.Let me start by saying this is a seriously boring movie. Nothinghappens for the majority of the running time. I can't believe this wasmade from the novel, which is gripping and filled with complex andinteresting characters.There are many subplot points introduced which are completelyunnecessary to the the overall story and you can't help but feel that alot of this movie was left on the cutting room floor. This is a perfectexample of when the trailer is better than the finished product andthat has obviously helped this movie a lot financially, as everyscreening for the day I went to see it was a complete sell-out.Performance-wise, nothing is inspiring. Fassbender is probably one ofthe top actors working today, but he completely phones it in. ValKilmer is wasted and I was distracted by the way he talks in the filmevery time he was on screen. There was something off about it. Cansomeone even tell me what the point of having J.K. Simmons in this filmwas? An excellent character actor given absolutely nothing to workwith, except an unintentional comedy moment that had us both laughingloudly in the cinema.I'm giving this 3 points simply for the stunning Norwegian scenery butI think that's being generous. I normally like to inject my reviewswith a bit of comedy but there's nothing funny about this completewaste of a great story and great actors. Unless we're talking about"that" J.K. Simmons scene. I guarantee you laugh when you see it.This was meant to be the start of a new franchise but I assume nowthose plan are on ice. Ho Ho Ho, I couldn't help myself.