When meshing multiple genres together, it can be quite the challenge toplease fans of each, but it's been done very well in the past. With theright amount of effort put, multiple genre films can be some of thebest out there. Whether you're talking about Gone Girl being aCrime/Thriller or Hot Fuzz being an Action/Comedy, genre crossovers canbe a real joy to see on-screen. The Snowman is the most recent film tomix genres, delivering a Horror/Thriller vibe, with a very largeportion falling into the Mystery category as well. Sadly, this moviefeels hollow, empty, and unfinished. With such a stellar cast and crewworking on this movie, there's no reason for a movie like this to beterrible, but let me just start by saying this is one of the worstfilms of the year. The Snowman fails as a piece of compellingstorytelling, as well as doing anything new for its genre.Starring Michael Fassbender, Rebecca Ferguson, and CharlotteGainsbourg, The Snowman follows detective Harry Hole as he investigatesmysterious disappearances. Joined by detective Katrine Bratt, the tworealize that the kidnapper/killer has been dismembering their victimsand leaving traces in the form of snowmen. That's the simplest way toexplain this film without spoiling or making it sound too ridiculous,because trust me, the twist and how the twist occurs is quite dumb interms of storytelling. This film went through many issues when beingfilmed, but then why the major release? Quite honestly, this filmdeserved to be sent straight to home video, because everything from itsclunky screenplay to its choppy editing felt off.Your movie makes it into post-production and is now being made into thebest possible version it can be (hopefully), so why is it that it stillturns out to look like a two-hour trailer that breezes past crucialplot points? There are multiple occasions throughout the course of thisfilm that sequences feel missing. Although certain reveals are easilyspottable throughout the first two acts, the movie asks you topatiently wait until the final 15-20 minutes in order to really investyourself in the plot twists. That would've been fine if the story keptyou on the edge of your seat, but not much of anything is truly thatinteresting throughout the first two acts. Yes, the premise itselfcould've lent itself to an interesting film overall, but it was onlythe performances that kept me from wanting to leave the theatre.I'm a huge fan of Michael Fassbender and Rebecca Ferguson. AlthoughFerguson hasn't really been all that present in the world of motionpictures for as long as Fassbender (at least in the mainstreamspotlight), I find her work to be wonderful. Whether it's being abadass heroin in Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation or giving a devoteddramatic performance in the lukewarm The Girl on the Train, she hasproved herself to have some range. Fassbender is pretty likable ineverything he does, so that should come as no surprise, but I'mhonestly only gushing over these two performers because the film itselfdoesn't have much to lend a compliment to. I found myself incrediblybored with its pacing and lack of an inciting incident to really get meinvested.In the end, there is a salvage score to keep the film's tone in line, alot of the cinematography is well-done, and the performances seem to bedevoted to their respective roles. That being said, the screenplay,along with the overall editing and final product, just doesn't match upto any of those aspects. The film feels like one long movie trailer fora ten-episode television series. The worst part is that you can seewhere the film could've been improved upon, which makes rewatching itimpossible. There isn't a scenario in which I'll ever find myselfrecommending this movie to anyone. The Snowman is a neat idea that isstretched into a two-hour film that feels too long, while also feelingincomplete. A disappointing film to say the least.