The opening snow scene depicts an isolated hut where a kid's "UncleJarnis" drops in unexpectedly to grill his kid on Norwegian history.When the boy doesn't know the answer, the "uncle" takes it out on themom, i.e. the uncle's mistress. When the couple repair to a privateroom, the kid builds a snow­man out­side. It's fitting as in the quizthe Norwegian head of state resumed his position on June 7, 1945, and asnow­man gets its head put on it, too. Amidst some grinding gears thevisit ends in separation. The movie picks up years later when some­bodyhas been dismembering women, mothers whose care for their young leftsome­thing to be desired.The Oslo police have assigned a couple incompetents ("the drunk and thehalf­wit") to one case. A raw recruit Katherine Bratt (RebeccaFerguson) investigates another one in Bergen. The official indifferenceis a seeming indictment against loser moms. In a way it reminds me ofan anecdotal story of the Crusades: Opposing armies were set in arraywhen a Muslim rider showed himself trailing a pennant reading "AveMaria" and dipped in blood. A Christian knight courteously asked thequeen for permission to fight him in order to defend the VirginMother's honor. Permission was granted, and they had a vigorous fightresulting in them being de-horsed, grappling on the ground, theChristian ending up pinned by the Mohammedan who is just about toadminister the coup de grace when suddenly he rolls over dead. TheChristian had shortened his sword now using it to stab his opponent inthe heart. It was taken as a miracle.Professionally burned out Harry Hole (Michael Fassbender) on a leave ofabsence asks the new recruit to look into her case. He's got enoughcachet to be accepted. He makes progress, but he's out­matched by hisopponent both in smarts and equipment. Just as chivalry prevented thearmies from interfering with the contest of champions above, theredoesn't seem to be any cavalry to come to the rescue. But he's fightingfor sacred mother­hood, so who knows what will happen?There is a concurrent story running about Norway's quest for the WorldCup, which seems some­how tied into "values that make Norway great."Norway is competing with many other countries. If it's child rearingvalues, the Jews (whom Hitler slaughtered) held of their law that,(Deut. 6:6-7) "thou shalt teach these words diligently unto thychildren, and talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and whenthou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risethup." The "uncle " in a way was attempting this when the film opens.This command would be modernized by Christianized nations, as per, say,the historical fiction of Rev. William Ware (1797?1852) in his*Julian*: Jesus, "preaching the truths which he conceives to be mostessential, and in which the differences are to be discerned betweenwhat he holds to be best, and the ancient Law of Moses. ? he seems tobe rather a restorer of the Law to its true significance, and a rebukerof prevailing corruptions and abuses of it, than one who wouldover­throw and destroy it." Or in this case (Eph. 6:4), "And yefathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in thenurture and admonition of the Lord." I've just supplied my own take onthe best child-rearing practice that would take the cake on the valuesscale; the movie doesn't tell us. It just suggests that it must besome­thing better than what was portrayed in the first scene. Theviewer is free to supply his own nominee. The movie does, how­ever,suggest that the mothers did have viable matronly instincts but wererail­roaded by their men into impossible situations with theirchildren. But then again, the women made poor decisions on which men tomate with in the first place. And Norwegian culture does seem to bedepicted as too permissive to embody the best family values.The scenery in "Snowman" is ultra-simple. The snowmen are basic, and soare the notes. The snow scenes are typically white all over. Theback­ground colors are basic solids, lots of prime colors. The music isa succession of single tones, no chords or harmonics. The detectives ifthey muse on their cases, keep it pretty much to them­selves. If thisis a psychological thriller?and it is?then it's basic psychology.Anybody can see it. The effect is a stark depiction of the bleak lifeof the orphan or neglected child. I mean, the movie never becomesmaudlin, nor does it preach, but it leaves one in total sympathy withthe children, and even some­what sympathetic to the neglectful moms."The Snowman" was directed by Tomas Alfred. It is too sedate andunpretentious to compete with American detective thrillers for theaction-addicted aficionado, but it will surely appeal to the Europeantaste in more mellow fare, and for those who enjoy foreign films.European actors tend to be trained and experienced. Those here werespot-on in their roles and not at all ostentatious. The (important)conversation is all in English, so there's no translation distraction.It's a well done film, but one must have a taste for this kind ofdetective film to appreciate it.