After I watched the trailer, I thought to myself: ''Wow! This looksamazing!'' But after I watched the film...I became disappointed. When Iwas watching this in a movie theater, I was constantly hearing voicesand whisperings around me and I realised that people, in a movietheater, were constantly chatting and talking, because people, afterthe first part of the movie, weren't interested anymore in watching it.That's kind of a proof how bad, tedious, awful and boring this film is.Actually, the story is far more interesting than the movie itself. Thefilm had all the equipment and material they needed: the interestingstory based on a famous book, the talented cast and crew, finescreenwriters and an amazing director, Tomas Alfredson. He is thedirector of a film called ''Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy'', and that filmwas great and I enjoyed it a lot. So my question is: ''What happened?''When the film started, the opening shot was the aerial shot of anbeautiful landscape, in this case snowy mountains, after that, anestablishing shot, again, of some snowy landscape and than again theestablishing shot, but this time of some house settled in the middle ofthe snowy land, so I said to myself: ''Well, alright...This lookspromising...''. But after that, everything became a mess.Here are the reasons why the film is bad:1) Acting, character development and dialogue. Acting was bad. Therewas no character development. Many characters were goofy andunrealistic. I feel sorry for the actors and actresses, because thoseare really talented people: Michael Fassbender, Charlotte Gainsbourg,J.K. Simmons, etc. At the beginning of the film, when boy started toscream and yelling to his father to not leave and mother screaming hisname, it was really hilarious. The way how they portrayed theircharacters wasn't serious at all. In many moments in the film, RebeccaFerguson and Charlotte Gainsbourg had given really awkward and goofyfacial expressions. Val Kilmer's character was useless in the film.J.K. Simmons's fake British accent was half decent and half dull. Thebehaviour of all the characters was strange and awkward. The same goeswith the dialogue between the characters, it doesn't make any sense andno one talks like that in real life. The characters are all stingy andselfish for no reason. I think that even the actors and actressesdidn't have any idea what they were doing in the film. Maybe, but justmaybe, Michael Fassbender was OK. Somehow, he managed to find his wayto portray his character as realistic as possible after all this messthat had been created during the film. And maybe Jonas Karlsson, whoportrayed the serial killer, was also OK. 2) Editing and pacing. The main reason why this film was so bad, it'smostly because of the editing and pacing. Everything went so fast, fromselecting and changing shots, cutting scenes, etc. There were so manyuseless and boring shots that served no purpose to the storytelling.Each scene in the film contains the amount of pointless shots and fastpacing, that you, as the viewer, have no idea what is going on. Forexample, is he now in this specific position of the yard or room, or ishe somewhere else, etc. Everything leads to confusion.3) Original score, music and sound effects. The music itself was fine,but it didn't quite match with some specific moments and situations inthe film. It felt like when every time something intense andinteresting is going on, the music doesn't follow the rhythm andatmosphere of this intensity. Sound effects were also useless,especially when they show something scary and terrifying, they addthese useless sound effects, which I don't like at all.Honorable mentions: there was one scene when they found the slashedbody of woman in some snowy mountains, there were some seagulls and itlooked like CGI, but really awful.But still, there were some good things about the film. Visually isbeautiful, cinematography is good, there are some well done shots andscenes in the film, for example at the end, when Fassbender'scharacter, detective Harry Hole, confronts with the serial killer onthe frozen snowy lake. But if they had made the story that it shouldhad been, maybe I would love that scene even more.Anyway, if you really have the desire and reason to see this film, thanfine, but I'm telling you that you'll be disappointed. There are plentyof great films and upcoming films that are worth of your time andattention. Maybe next time, the director will create a better film thanthis one.3/10