Blade Runner is one of my favorite films of all time for a number ofreasons: 1) Amazing groundbreaking trailblazing visuals that spawned an entiregenre (aka "cyberpunk"). 2) Superb music by Vangelis that is integral to the film. 3) Great characters and amazing acting. 4) Underlying philosophical themes of corporate oppression (BladeRunner is just a small cog in a huge machine just carrying on with hislife doing the job because otherwise he's reduced to nothing),existentialism (what it means to be human) coupled with Biblicalreferences presented in a subtle way. 5) Amazing practical special effects that make the world around thecharacters feel lived-in. 6) Meticulous attention to detail, lighting in particular. While "2049" is nothing more than a mere attempt at recreatingsomething in the style of the original by a studio committee tickingoff the items in the checklist. The result is abysmal because it doesnot introduce something new in terms of visual design, interestingcharacters, music or story. On the contrary it tries so hard to tieitself to the original it's sickening. Call it fan-service orpandering, either way it leads to the movie being a highly derivativeproduct that exists solely because of the original.1) Plot lines that go against the premise of the original (Nexus 6being able to reproduce, new Nexus 8 being easily distinguishable fromhumans) are stupid. 2) Acting is horrendous. Ana "Pouty lips" De Armas couldn't hold acandle to Sean Young not to mention the pretentious for pretentiousnesssake Jared Leto. Ford is here for a paycheck and Gosling isdeliberately one-note. 3) The music is a lame attempt at copying Vangelis' beautiful score.4) Too varying visuals leave you with this feeling of an inconsistentworld that doesn't follow the idea of polluted lifeless post-industrialworld where the sun doesn't shine, it's constantly raining and the onlylight outside the building is that of the advertising that seems morereal than anything else. 5) Running time. The original was purposefully slow while the overblownrunning time of the sequel comes off as director loving certain setsand trying to savor them far longer than he should've. 6) A myriad of logical mistakes and plot holes (kids with a 100%matching DNA are of different gender).7) The opening shot with the closeup of an eye is almost beat for beatwith the original. 8) The zooming sequence is hammered home by the sheer repetition. 9) The characters are bland, unoriginal and politically correct femalecopies of the originals, namely Madam and Luv. 10) The opening sequence is the unused part of the Fancher's script(watch Dangerous Days documentary). Overall it seems that producers/writers have an erroneous idea of madethe original film great. As if stuffing Biblical references into Neon-lit set pieces, inhabited by some pale copies of original charactersand extending the awkward silences would amount to a great movie. To sum up "Blade Runner 2049" does not reinvent the wheel, does notoffer anything one-of-a-kind or even slightly memorable. There is noreason (other than cash flow for the studio execs) for it to exist.Save the cash and rewatch the original that actually challenges yourintelligence and leaves you with a lot to think about.