Watched in IMAX. Paid just under £50 for 2 tickets. Had to fight tostay awake. No story, no character development, no rhythm, no energy,no expressions on the charters' faces, no humour, no personality, noemotion, no impact, no surprises, no adventure, no reaction of anykind, no danger, no bad guy, no threat, no twist, no nothing, not asingle stand-out memorable scene. Impossible to tell one character fromthe next. All the same blank-faced, nonspeaking, emotional retardsscene after scene after scene. Everyone looking bored, tired and dozylike they've done too much sedatives. Pretentious, over-inflated themesthat everyone is sick to death of. Ultra-predictable moments sold ashuge reveals that we've seen 100 times in another 100 films going back50 years. Incoherent, garbled dialogue mixed so badly you can't hearwhat they're saying. I couldn't understand 90% of what Jared Leto'ssaid because he speaks in an inaudible whispering rasp with astuttering tempo. Can't Villeneuve tell him to deliver his lines withmore resonance and impact? What's wrong with them? What's the point ofplaying sound nobody can hear? Especially when you've paid £50 andwaited 35 years for it. Men of 12 stone crashing through solid marblewalls? Panoramic, aerial vistas of LA in the smog with only Gosling'sflying car in shot, no other cars, vehicles, people, movement oractivity across the entire city? Phony, lazy, implausible effects. For a short time things looked promising, glowing reviews etc. But nowit's evident that the Satanic hand of Hollywood has cursed everythinggood, everything noble. Star Wars, Alien, Tron, Ghostbusters and nowpoor old Blade Runner, that magnificent gem of classic sci-fi cinema. Denis Villeneuve lacks impact, bite, ideas, imagination, a pulse andany facial expressions whatsoever. Why does he keep getting hired? Hisfilms are just TV-movies, so plain and dull. This one's like a 3-hourlong designer kitchen commercial. His involvement on this film was agiant misstep. They should have got someone like Gaspar Noe, TakashiMiike or even Ridley Scott to direct it, someone with a bit of edge.With Blade Runner 2049 Hollywood has once again looted our favouriteclassics and ruined them, reducing them to the realms of cheap,imagination-free, regurgitated, money- grabbing, formulaichorse-manure. I didn't want to have to ever type this but Blade Runnerhas now been cast atop that very manure heap, the foil of the origamiunicorn just visible above the mountain of dung.Avoid this film, it's not worth your time or money and it will ruinyour memories of the strange and brilliant 1982 original. Don'tencourage the scammers behind this lazy, complacent piece of trash tomake more films like this because these people are killing cinema. Keepyour time and money for something more constructive and rewarding.