** Warning! Here May Be Spoilers, for this movie and others. ** The original Blade Runner evoked a strong feeling: I might bemanufactured by others, but it doesn't invalidate my identify. Myexperiences are singular and I feel them deeply. However I got here, Iam real.Blade Runner 2049 starts with an alienated second-class citizen cravingthat validated authenticity. His story is derailed by side issues --his owner/operator's problems, corporate drama, a sort of loveinterest, profit motive, the Resistance, (pseudo-)scientific posturing,and other irrelevancies. By the end, when the story has gone in adifferent direction entirely, our hero just lies down and gives up, andus with him.Specifics: Pacing / Story / Characters: BR2049 is too long and way too slow. Thereis no point or purpose, no golden narrative thread. Overall it watcheslike the boring parts of Matrix movies, eliminated from the supercutand reworked for a different color palette. Ryan Gosling is Neo, JaredLeto plays The Architect, Carla Juri is the Oracle, Edward James Olmosis The Keymaker...the parallels don't stop there. Yawn.Dialogue: the pretentious, vaguely ominous, Messianic BS that put youto sleep in the Matrix sequels has been refurbished for our sad, hunkyPinocchio in his futuristic pimp coat.Deckard: his part begins with a Disneyfied sequence a la "Cowboys &Aliens" including cheesy wisecracks and a rough-and-tumble meet-cute,which ends unceremoniously with an "I'm too old for this" surrender.The sequence takes place in a post-apocalyptic Las Vegas that hasoccasional funny parts (which I hope were unintentionally funny ratherthan failed attempts at comic relief for non-existent tension.) After investing so much time in Ryan Gosling and his story, the focusshifts to Deckard, who isn't himself away from LA, and whose tacked-onstoryline hijacks the movie. (Regret: The lost years of Deckard andRachael with the Replicant Resistance underground should have been aseparate movie.) Here, Deckard starts as comic relief and ends as aplot device to move the story to some kind of conclusion. There is someemotional button-pushing for fans of the original (oh, Rachael!) and atired attempt at emotional manipulation (getting to know the child wehad no idea you'd ever wanted but for that one line a few minutes ago.)Costumes: there are no costumes, styles, or fashion. Only clothes.A/V: there are lovely, lingering shots of what appear to be abandonedBrutalist / Eastern Bloc / doomsday cult headquarters blanketed inuntouched snow. There is gorgeous, impersonal CGI. There arebuilding-high images of beautiful naked women, blandly presented andtitillation-free. The music includes watery variations on the originalscore, interspersed with sinus-clearing brown noise.(I will probably buy this movie for those location shots, quiet stills,and long, honking chords. I even want the music. But it's sad that thekernel notes of Vangelis, so precise and delicate, shine out purelyeven as their impact is bled away by the insubstantial context of themovie and the score.) In contrast, I saw the sequel as a double feature with the remasteredoriginal, which took on new richness in the cinema setting. Theoriginal is a quick sit, modeled after rogue cop film noir: vibrantcharacters, clear narrative purpose, a stunning moll, gritty romance,and a getaway ending with a crystallized message. The sequel ispointless, diluted, internally inconsistent, and slow.In Blade Runner 2049, people cry All.The.Time. -- and now you know why.