In 1982 I was deeply excited about the prospect of seeing "BladeRunner," and can remember applying for a chance to see an advanceshowing in Sacramento. From the start it seemed obvious that it was aspecial film--clouded in controversy and mystery. Later I acquired mymuch-viewed VHS copy, with all the eye-gouging, nail-puncturingviolence. Later still the Internet provided background information as,eventually, did articles plus a comprehensive book by Paul M. Sammon.In short, I am a fan, and was eagerly anticipating the sequel.So, it was with disappointment that I left an October 6, 2017 showing"Blade Runner 2049." Overly long, boring, poorly paced, and confusingwere my initial impressions, though admittedly it was beautifullyfilmed (potential Oscar nomination in cinematography?).I appreciated the many (too many?) subtle and not-so-subtle nods to theoriginal film, the effort to build on the "Blade Runner" universe, andefforts by writers, directors, and actors to bring the story to life.But there were just too many scenes that should have been reduced inlength from 25-50% of their run time. Such excess in a film is, to me,almost always a fatal flaw. And some scenes (e.g., where characters"Joi" and "Mariette" merge to make love to "K") could have been cutaltogether, I feel, without harming the story.The acting was satisfactory or better, for the most part, as one wouldexpect from the level of supporting talent.* However, I have knowinglyseen two pictures starring Ryan Gosling?2016's "La La Land" and nowthis?and in both he is bland and wooden. Despite the fact that "2049's""K" is SUPPOSED to be a self-controlled, artificial humanoid, I wonderif it is just Gosling's natural on- (and off-) screen persona. Andfrankly, Harrison Ford's "Deckard" just did not work for me.Sacrilegious, I know; but true. I blame this on two factors.First, Ford appears (too) late in the movie, by which time I wasalready exhausted by tedium. Second, for a character withoutappearance-changing makeup, a dramatic accent, say, or pronouncedbehavioral distinctions, it is hard not to just see Harrison Ford.(Kind of like Robert Redford miscast in 1985's "Out of Africa.") Oh,it's (old) Harrison Ford again. Sorry HF fans everywhere.And another thing; due to poor direction, they included "AdmiralWilliam Adama" (Edward James Olmos) from TV's "Battlestar Galactica,"and not "Gaff" (also Olmos), in a too brief cameo. (Listen to "Gaff" inthe 1982 original. Totally different voicing.)Like most films, it suffered from its share of "Oh, come on!" moments.Why would 6-foot "K" allow 6-foot-6 Dave Bautista's imposing "SapperMorton" to make the first move (and thus begin the accumulation of aridiculous amount of damage, most of it unnecessary, sustained by "K"throughout the story)? Because that's what movie detectives do. I mustsay, "K" apparently likes to pass violently through solid walls (a nodto Rutger Hauer's "Roy Batty" head in the original, I take it).Almost all action-adventure films are silly in hindsight and full ofmovie plot clichés?"Blade Runner 20149" is no exception. But the testof a good movie is whether the story flows at a pace that makesaudiences subconsciously accept and even relish these otherwisenonsensical encumbrances (see 1999's "The Matrix"). For my part I wasless inclined to give "2049" a pass on the silliness due to itsplodding nature.Ridley Scott is prominently associated with both the recent "Alien" andBlade Runner" franchises, and has promised multiple sequels. Do we wantthis? Is state-of-the-art movie-making worth either ridiculously poorstories (the "Alien" franchise) or bad plotting and editing ("BladeRunner 2049")? It's admittedly hard to make a good movie, but Scott andhis people are paid a LOT of money to do so. Check Scott's IMDbfilmography. Can any mortal be involved first-hand in that manyprojects? As with Stephen King, maybe it's time to pare down thequantity and re-focus on the quality? Just saying?In conclusion, my disappointment focused primarily on the script andediting.**Some recommendations to potential viewers: First, if you plan to see"Blade Runner 2049" it will help to see one of 37 versions (e.g.,voice-over or no voice-over?; graphic violence shots or not?) of theoriginal 1982 film beforehand. Second, maybe wait to watch the moviedigitally, so that you can re-play key scenes and increase volume onimportant dialogue. In the theater I kept mentally reaching for anon-existent remote control. Third, (after Recommendation One) if likeme you hold the original picture in deep admiration as a flawed butintriguing analog masterpiece of SF movie-making, consider skippingthis sequel altogether. But I imagine that warning will fall on deafears._____* Because of the look and feel of two female characters in the film, Iwonder if actresses Felicity Jones ("Rogue One") and Tatiana Maslany("Orphan Black") were originally considered for the parts eventuallyplayed by Ana de Armas (companion hologram "Joi") and Sylvia Hoeks(deadly replicant "Luv"). While watching the trailer footage, Ioriginally mistook those two characters for actresses Jones andMaslany. Their doppelgangers did just fine, though. Hoeks' "Luv" isparticularly chilling.** Oh, and the music! Not so good. Too often I was aware of backgroundmusic--that by itself is not a good thing--and its shortcomings. Somuch so that by the end of "2049," where original "Blade Runner" music("Tears in the Rain," I think) is (finally) used, it left me with mixedfeelings. First, thank god! Second, where was that musical excellenceduring the rest of the film? Music can make or break a film, and isincredibly important. Few excellent films have poor musicalsoundtracks. Unfortunately, "Blade Runner 2049" is not an exception tothat guideline.