i will give it 3 for the efforts in beautiful design and shooting.ALL THE REST - directing, script, characters, music, editing - BAD BADBAD.seriously - go watch the 3 shorts they done to promote this. they areway better.let me dig deeper: directing - i respected and trusted Hollywood's wonder boy, villeneuve- until now. this heavy load of a responsibility was not for him. hefails in delivering the true gritty vibe needed for this. i bet hishands got tied with the studio, they probably changed editing, scriptetc, and he bailed out. creating a beautiful CGI world is not enough,sorry.script - starts interesting and after 20 minutes turns into usualempty, soulless, Hollywood of today's blockbusters. nothing feelsgenuine, all is explained a few times, for us dumb audience. the storyis so simple, and the script stretches it so it all fails. it's notsmart, not tight, not intelligent. it's bad. characters - flat and hollow. they all feel unnatural (OPPOSITE of theoriginal), delivering the performance that is "needed", no more. Fordpops up for a minimum effort (almost like "the Force Awakens"), and isnothing like Deckard's original character. pathetic. the Leto characteris a cardboard villain. and of course Gosling. what an excuse forplaying a stiff android. terrible.music - Zimmer's usual Inception trademark. the lowest point was using"Tears In Rain" which is the most beautiful Vangelis tune ever, andused it in the ending to squeeze some fake emotion from us. can'tbelieve villeneuve agreed to this crap. editing - by editing i mean - take 30 min. off this, even an hour. losemany unneeded parts. shorten all scenes. at least people will be ableto enjoy a bit of eye candy instead of suffering.the first film is very good IMO. go watch any scene in YT to rememberhow much better it is. quality sci-fi at it's best.the word "masterpiece" is mentioned regarding the new film. so don'tbelieve it. you won't miss any "subtleties" as the "worsheepers" ofthis crap say. there aren't. if this film settles on a 7 rating, itshould be an honor.