I broke a taboo and went to see the Film Which Shouldn't Have BeenMade, aka Blade Runner 2049. And regretted it.Not quite sure which bit was the worst, so I'll start from the goodones. CGI was the biggest player and reaching levels never seen before.Rachael gave me, indeed, the goose bumps. Photography was gorgeous butin many ways not comparable to the original. The 2049 version of Priswas as good as the original, and not because of CGI, which is nice. TheBR1-way of nice, which had no CGI.Lots of juicy bits to take us for a wonderful trip down memory lane,but all these great bits seem to have been scripted to make areplica(-nt) of the original film. They are not hidden somewhere to letthe audience spot them and delight with their discovery. Beside thecameos played by the original actors, the numerous references to thefirst film are a substantial part of the footage. They are not nuanced,they are slapped in the face of the public in inescapable order: carzooming over LA (check), Pris (check), origami (check), exotic animaldealer in seedy district (double check), PanAm (check), Coca-Colabillboards (check), Atari ads (check). And the list goes on.With that out of the way, let's face it, if it hadn't be for the CGI,the cameos and the plagiarism, the film had very little to offer. Thesoundtrack was horrid; bombastic, droning and uninspired much like HansZimmer's previous stuff. The repeating nods to the original soundtrackwere coarse and, at the same time, they made his almost bearable. Nostupid voice over of the very first BR theatrical version, but a bigfat explanation right in the middle of the film, by a one-eyedreplicant, in a scene that made me expect Tina Turner appear in leatherclothes. Beside the gratuitous explanation, the plot is not as linearas one might expect, but it seems that all the ideas and influenceshave been, sort of, stitched in a hurry, cramming as much stuff aspossible in a film that was already too long.The influence of "Her" (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1798709) isevident, but while Her had all the time to develop the psychologicaldrama, in BR2049 the same ideas are badly developed, and CGI getsmassively in the way, distracting from the drama.The first BR blurred the boundaries of good and evil, as much as humanand artificial. In BR2049 we have the reappearance of the supervillain, much like in a Marvel flick. All the good old stereotypes ofHollywood film making are back, and one is to wonder why the cavalrydidn't make it for the gran finale.There are also good reasons to dislike the closing scene, which letsthe audience leave the theatre with nothing to remember beside thespecial effects. The film should have ended right on that staircase andlet us sink deep in K's existential agony. Which is amplified by itssimilarities to ours. But no, the scene, which is a bad copy of Roy'sdeath (check), underlined by the same music (check), but not nearly thesame pathos, is whisked aside in a hurry, and the happy ending cuts in.OK, Gosling is no Rutger Hauer, but his character had the samepotential. Why did his death need to look so unimportant? BR1 led us toquestion what should be considered human and what is not; it shook ourcertainties. BR2049 seems to put that boundary firmly back in place: ifyou are not born, your feelings are just a delusional dream; you are amachine. Period.Given the profusion of prequels, trailers and whatnot, we had toendure, it is only to be expected a string of director's cuts. Whilethe first Blade Runner had a history that unfolded throughout itsseveral editions, due to its initial misunderstanding and its laterrise to cult status, the repackaging of this one has probably beenplanned upfront, as a way to stand firmly in the shadow of the originalfilm.While Blade Runner inspired generations, I won't be surprised if itssequel will soon be forgotten. As already written by someone else,Blade Runner 2049 looks like a flawed replicant and the only feelingyou will be left with is a sense of regret for having wasted threehours of your life.