Being a hardcore Blade Runner and science fiction fanatic, I feltdeeply compelled to write this review. I love Ridley Scott's original1982 Sci-Fi classic. It is my all-time favorite movie. It had mystiqueand infused my imagination. It was a unique experience; hypnotic &surreal. The sequel, not so much! My initial reaction of BR 2049 was that it's a gorgeous film. I wasmesmerized by the striking cinematography and couldn't take my eyes offthe screen. I will go as far saying that it's one of the most beautifulfilms I've ever seen. The rich visuals are so glaring it's hard to takeit all in and grasp what you are seeing. From the opening shot you knowyou're in Blade Runner world. The overall look is instantly relatableto the first film and it's an amazing continuation in that regard.Also, the acting was excellent. The entire cast did a great job.However, once I settled into the film I realized that it is mainly aself-indulgent visual feast containing a weak story that lacks clarity& wisdom. There are obvious cliché moments and in certain aspects thestory is comical and naive. The movie delves into complex philosophicalthemes and asks important questions but seldom explores them. It's allover the place. You get the sense that the film is not sure what itwants to be? It's clearly style over substance. Lots of homage is paidto the original through awesome images but the plot is paper-thin witha few subplots & twists added to make it seem intelligent. But is it?Well, not really! I think the movie tries too hard to be smart butfails to engage due to its long running time & fuzzy story/script,which may end up confusing and distancing the viewer.BR 2049 has been most widely criticized for its length, and rightly so.It's overly long with some unnecessary scenes & dialogue whereas thefirst film was more subtle. BR1 was also slow-paced but in a differentway. It had suspense and gradual progression to climax whereas BR2 isforced and even distracting at times. I love slow-paced films don't getme wrong! I can watch a film all day as long as it leads to a point andhas tension. Certain films are deliberately made slow to establish aspecific mood (e.g. Kubrick & Tarkovsky films). They draw you insidethe film and make you feel like you're part of it. BR1 does thisperfectly while the sequel is stretched out for the wrong reasons. Itcomes across as an excuse to showcase impressive visuals which is greatif it moves the story along but not for the fun of it. BR1 had longtakes and brief dialogue but it drove the story along smoothly and itscharacters behaved realistically. There was a seamless flow to it. It'shumorous how BR2 tried to mimic this technique from BR1 yet failedbecause its characters talk & move super slowly unlike real life.Although it's a visually stunning film, I found it to be almost void ofemotions and musicality. The characters were uninteresting and lackedemotional depth. In other words, I didn't care about them. I was notsure about any of the characters' motivations. In the first film, allthe characters shined with charismatic personalities. They were uniquein their own way and I truly cared about them. They embodied everythingthat makes us human. This was a vital element that made the original sospecial. BR2 on the other hand has sad and forgettable characters. Itis a very sad film whereas the original had moments of happiness to mixup feelings and lighten the mood, which made it more realistic.The music in BR 2049 was the biggest let down for me. It just didn'tmake sense because there was no music. A strange mix of very loudnoises with faint echoes of original Vangelis tones interlaced (Ilistened to the entire score to be sure!). The musical score byVangelis in the first film was one of the key elements that made theoriginal my favorite film of all-time. I love atmospheric films thatare visually & musically driven to tell the story. The music createsdifferent feelings that make you fantasize. It makes you feel the movieand think about it long after it's over. The music in BR1 wasincredible. It set the tone of the film perfectly. There was a hauntingeerie atmosphere that along with the images created a hypnotic feel.Vangelis mostly used an electronic sound but he also incorporated piano& saxophone for melancholic effect. Not so in BR2. They messed upenormously this time. I know it's not possible to recreate Vangelis butthey could have at least tried to create similarly-styled music byusing the original score as a foundation. Even better, they could haveperhaps made a completely original soundtrack all together. BladeRunner is an atmospheric film that is about feel and therefore musthave a perfect music to visual ratio. Sure, they brought back oneVangelis theme for nostalgia but it wasn't enough.To conclude, I enjoyed the film but unfortunately cannot say I lovedit. I simply cannot fathom the enormous praise given by critics &moviegoers. I don't think they understood what made the first filmbrilliant. BR 2049 does contain the main elements required for a trueSci-Fi film but fell flat at further exploring its themes. The originalfilm on the other hand is a masterpiece. It felt spiritual &spellbinding whilst the sequel did not. Should you go see it? Yes. Iwould still recommend fans and anyone curious to go see this film intheaters despite its evident flaws. But as a huge fan it left medisappointed. Maybe I had high expectations! I gave it a generous 7/10