Are you seeking a remedy against sleepless nights? You won't need anyprescriptions to solve your problem. You simply need to watch BladeRunner 2049. Almost everything that could be wrong with a movie iswrong with this one. To start on a positive note, the visual effectsare faithful to the original film, the directing is precise and doesn'tfeature any annoying contemporary shaky camera passages and the lastthird of the movie quickens up the pace and is at least slightlyinteresting. These three positive elements explain my rating but Ireally had to think very hard to find these reasons.Let's talk about this movie's massive problems. First of all, the filmis way too long and takes nearly three hours to tell a story that wouldhave justified a length under a hour and a half. The original moviewasn't the most fast-paced genre film ever made but it was bearablewith a length just below the two-hour mark.Secondly, the plot is quite tiresome and can be summarized in threesentences. When things finally could start to get interesting, the filmactually ends without a resolution. This makes me fear the worst. It'squite probable that there will be a sequel to this sequel which meansthat even those who haven't appreciated Blade Runner 2049 might feelforced to watch the sequel to know how the story actually ends. If youdon't want to go through that dilemma, don't watch Blade Runner 2049 inthe first place. While the original film is overrated in my book anddoesn't do Philip K. Dick's novel justice, it had at least a coherentplot diagram featuring an exposition, rising action, climax, fallingaction and resolution.Thirdly, the movie tries to be overtly atmospheric but ends up beingpretentious. There are numerous shots when characters walk throughdecayed landscapes in slow-motion. This idea might work every now andthen to emphasize on the dystopian future that serves as setting butthe idea is overused and prevents any momentum or pace to build up. Theoriginal film was slow as well but also had a few emotional and vividsequences that contrasted the bleak vision of the future.Fourthly, the soundtrack of this movie is awful despite being writtenby renowned composer Hans Zimmer. Whenever the movie is dragging on andshowing the main character walking through empty buildings for fiveminutes, the soundtrack suddenly gets louder for no apparent reason butto keep the bored audience awake. This surprising effect got myattention in the beginning but after it was used for a third time in arow, this strategy became laughably predictable. The present soundtracktries to capture the essence of Vangelis' gloomy compositions for theoriginal film but doesn't even manage to be a rough blueprint of theoriginal score.Fifthly, aside of Harrison Ford's character who returns in the lastthird of the film when the pace quickens up a little bit, most of theother characters are quite pale. Especially Ryan Gosling's charactersis so faceless that you won't care about his destiny at all. JaredLeto's villain character seems to be stolen from a weak episode of ascience-fiction television series of the late sixties at best. The fewinteresting side characters such as Carla Juri's are underdeveloped andonly have a few minutes of screen time despite the film's epic length.It's quite ironic that the most interesting character is the maincharacter's holographic girlfriend played by Ana de Armas. The originalfilm had several memorable performances by less talented actors likeRutger Hauer who were pushed by a great director while this filmdoesn't have that chemistry despite the skilled personnel involved.It was a pain to sit through the entire movie. I felt like walking outof cinema numerous times but I stayed because I had paid for it andbecause I was expecting a surprising ending. Now I know that I shouldhave walked out. Despite the great director involved, severaloutstanding actors and actresses on board and even one of the bestsoundtrack composers in the history of cinema, Blade Runner 2049 isboring, hollow and uninspired. The original film was overrated in mybook but this sequel is plain horrible. It's a mystery why this filmgot such a solid critical acclaim but hundreds of negative reviewsprove that I'm not the only one who disliked this vapid flick. For me,Blade Runner 2049 even beats the shallow Kong: Skull Island in terms ofnegativity and is what I consider the worst film of the year. Mysuggestion for you is to read Philip K. Dick's novel instead ofspending any money on this disaster.