After seeing the the sequel to the amazing and amazing first BladeRunner, i am not disappointed. But i am not impressed either. Insummary, 2049 plays it's cards too close to the chest, but without theelement of surprise or good main characters to back it up. So letsbreak this movie down shall we? Sound: 3/10 The sound is perfectly mixed.... and that's that. Otherwiseit's like the new Doom soundtrack, just a bunch of bass rumbling aroundon top of old Vangelis lines(but probably without the vintagehardware). A few of the tracks are Psybient/Solar Fields like, whichreally fit into the scenes. But overall, its pretty uninspiring. Visuals: 7/10 The sets are amazing, but there is definitely somethingoff. The first movie had some sets that were really realistic, which iswhat i think made the movie believable. There was dirt, glass, patchesof color, mats, live candles. It is the same as the visual differencebetween Alien/Aliens and Prometheus, if that makes any sense. It isobvious that they tried to replicate the set pieces of the original,but it comes off as way, way to grandiose and large-scale. Pacing: 2/10 Horrible. Every scene is dragged out so long that youcould walk out, cook some food and come back without missing a singleimportant thing in the story. Sure, the first Blade Runner was slow,but it wasn't moving like a drugged sloth. To sum it up, they couldhave easily pushed the story into an hour long movie instead of three. Story: 4/10 This is really where they dropped the ball. The charactersare so boring they might as well be extras, especially Deckersgirlfriend. I didn't care about her at the start, and i didn't careabout her when she died. Also, the main villain. I mean, really? Whatwere they thinking? She is so one-dimensional, she might as well beplayed by Brian Thompson. And no, making her cry while she kills thingsdoes not make her more complex and believable. The villain in the firstBlade Runner, played by Rutger Hauer, at least had a glowingpersonality. Also, some scenes and ideas are just there for shockvalue. You will know which ones they are. In summary: There is not one line or scene in the whole movie which iseven close to the quality of the monologue at the end of the firstmovie.