Out of some masochistic, morbid curiosity, I was suckered into watchingthis on the big screen. Suckered by the 'rave' reviews, trailers andopinions of associates. For years, I mean years, I never, ever wanted asequel. I never felt Blade Runner needed answers. If the movie seemedtoo ambiguous, than maybe, just maybe, that was its intention. Tryreading the book. It's the same. What is Deckard? Phillip K. Dick nevertold us. The whole point to the story was to question what makes ushuman.2049's attempt in answering this question, to me, robbed itself of whatmade the first movie, so good.I did not walk into this movie expecting not to like it however. I putall my bias aside, and watched it with an open mind, a positiveattitude, full of hope and wonder.For me, the movie seemed too clean, too digitised, almost sanitised ofthe rich, tangible atmosphere that made the first movie so real.I never really felt for K. Ryan Gosling was, well...Ryan Gosling. Itsobviously just me, but his acting does nothing to make me care for thischaracter. Harrison Ford's burnt out, old version of Deckard, also didnothing for me. Jared Leto was as hollow and pretentious as expected. Phillip K. Dick never followed up on his book, because everything youneeded to know, and the point of the story, was right there inside.For all its details, 2049's execution left me uninspired, unmoved andcare-free.Even the visuals never grabbed me. As stylised as they tried so hard tobe, they did not detract from how I was left feeling, cold and empty.K's virtual girlfriend, to me, epitomised the whole film. Empty,detached and without heart or soul.I watched Blade Runner again on Blu-ray, just to make me feel better. Istill get a lump in my throat at Roy Batty's dying words. And I stillfeel for Deckard and Rachel when they fall in love. Vangelis sounds asfresh today as ever. And the street scenes, in all their colourful, wetand grimy glory, sell to me, what the future is very much looking likebeing.None of those emotions crossed over into the sequel, for me anyway.