"Blade Runner 2049" comes off incredibly long and boring. Not becauseof the slow pacing ? "Blade Runner" had slow pacing too, but had theviewer hypnotized ? but because there's no interesting thoughts presentand nothing new really. Thematically the movie is exploring the samequestions (about being human etc.) as the first movie did 35 years ago.And the few 'new' additions to the Blade Runner universe are totallydevoid of originality. Take for instance K's hologram-wife. Not onlyare those scenes totally unnecessary (that three-way scene, jeez!), butwe've seen the concept so many times before (for instance in SpikeJonze's "Her"). Apart from that, the movie is riddled with plot holes and stuff thatjust don't make very much sense. Tyrell get's killed off by a replicantand his Nexus-7 prototype runs off, shortly after Tyrell Corp rushes aline of replicants with OPEN ENDED lifespans and no other safety devicethan implanted memories (that didn't work with Rachael). No. Just no. Furthermore we are told the nexus 9 are programmed to obey. However Klies to his superiors, constantly acts on his own, acts emotionallyfrom early on in the movie. He does not obey at all. And the revelation of a replicant child being born has people talkingabout revolution. Robin Wrights Joshi says it will 'break the world'.But how? Rachael was the only replicant able to give birth and Tyrelltook that secret with him. Neither the few remaining Nexus 8's or the9's can give birth ? so no, it doesn't break the world. It doesn'tbreak anything. But the movie really wants us to take this veryseriously (Hans Zimmer is doing his loudest to make us sit in awe). And it gets even worse. Later we learn that Jared Leto's ridiculous badguy Wallace (those monologues!) strives to learn the secret of makingreplicant babies. But why? That undermines the entire idea ofreplicants. Tailormade slaves with superhuman ability; strength,intelligence etc. that are controlled by implanted memories. Havingreplicants make babies the old way would offer zero control of theoutcome and the child replicants would have to grow up, go to school,make their own memories. What's the point then? And what's thedifference, from just having some people make babies? A lot of people has called "Blade Runner 2049" 'intellectual sci-fi'and so forth, but I found it to be quite the contrary. The movieforcefully demands you to accept it as highly intelligent art, but ifyou scratch the surface, you'll find something very different.