So, I didn't expect much from this sequel when it was announced, butsince the original 'Blade Runner' is, in my opinion, one of thegreatest movies ever made (if not the greatest), I had to see itanyways. As I often do, I didn't read any reviews or watch any trailersbefore going.So, where do we start... While not perfect, and inferior to theoriginal, this is still a great movie. Visually it's simply stunningand the actors are all excellent. Just as importantly, or maybe evenmore so, like the original it combines a slow pace and fantasticambiance to create an introspective mood and invite reflection on someimportant themes and issues of our time. (although, maybe, lacking adialogue with the same power as the Roy Batty monologue at the end ofthe first movie).As some negative reviewers said, it is slow..... but that works wellwith the story and its intent to create a very clear, pervasive moodrather than to dazzle with dumb car chases, gunfights, orexplosions,not to mention pushing the viewer to form his own opinions.The boringpart is subjective: for viewers who like to be challengedintellectually I'd say many action movies are a lot more boring.Nothing wrong with escapist movies, which I also enjoy when I'm in theright mood, but it doesn't change the fact that they're inherently muchmore predictable, superficial and formulaic. In other words,entertaining but intellectually boring. Regarding Blade Runner 2049, one disappointment, though, to be honest,was the soundtrack: aside from being too loud, it really consistsmostly of weird sounds/noises etc. While they do heighten the mood attimes, or fit the atmosphere, they are not really not up to the loftystandards of the photography, the action, or the direction.Also, the plot could have been a little tighter, and while the slowpace is what this movie needed, I'm not convinced it really had to bethis long (or to touch on so many themes, as it does). Still, it's a fantastic, and unique, viewing experience, and even withits imperfections it does create a believable (if gloomy anddepressing) dystopian vision of the future, and touches on themes thatcould spark endless debate and reflection. And herein lies its beauty:shallow popcorn movies will have faded from everybody's memory inweeks. A movie like Blade Runner 2049 will inspire us and challengeus,whether we agree with some of its vision or not, maybe even whetherwe love it or hate it, for years to come.