Similar responses to the original Bladerunner when it came out in 1982(when feel-good hit ET was in theaters) and how people didn't know whatto make of the then bleak, slow-paced Sci-Fi film. This is not unlikeintroducing Guardians of the Galaxy fans to 2049 today, an even darker,longer journey into the same Sci-Fi world. I can understand why somepeople might not like it, mostly due to attention spans and needingmore explosions and violence with hyper-editing and a groovysoundtrack. This is not a knock on those movies, this is just adifferent genre. And just like the original, not everybody gets it ortruly appreciates what has been accomplished here. This is a BIG movie,with a mystery that leaves you thinking and knowing that no matter whatyour first opinion is, a second viewing is required to even begingrasping everything you just saw. And not everybody wants to do thatbecause they don't want to be challenged. They want the eye-candyaction, a foot-tapping soundtrack and a vegetable soup ending spelledout for them (in 2 hours or less). So no, this movie is not for them.However, if you're a fan of the original Bladerunner and thatparticular dystopian world, this movie takes it to another level. Afterseeing the original film, I remembering wondering what the worldoutside of the dark LA nights in 2019 would be like? And that is justone of the ways 2049 has expanded that notion, leaving an open door toan even bigger world with deeper questions beyond it. Yes it is a longand relatively slow paced movie (by design), and so was 'Once Upon aTime in the West'. And yet just like that movie as well as the originalBladerunner, over time, this too will get more and more appreciationwith age (and wisdom) for those who truly appreciate the art offilm-making. It's not perfect, no movie ever will ever to everybodywill it? But it is an amazing achievement and I look forward to my nextviewing with different eyes, taking in what I may have missed becausethere is so much to see and overlook.