I'm sickened by the fawning over this spectacularly empty drivel.So utterly characterless for something purporting to reflect on thenature of human consciousness. No character = no script, of course. Theoriginal revels subtly in the exploration of how identity and memoryare intrinsic to one another. How the objects we surround ourselvespersuade us of our identity. Gosling's apartment in contrast,characterless. Literally. There is no character that lives there. Perhaps they feared that a character, with an actually believable life,in the film might detract from the computerised holographic eye candycompanion? Did Harvey Weinstein have some say in this element? Thisavatar of desire has potential for commentary, but resolves as anastonishing endorsement of computerised companionship as a viablealternative to human relationship. In our dystopian future, as thecapacity for community dissolves, this is our great hope; the postprostitute/hologram wife sex - "coffee?" - results in smiles allround.  This element to the film made me a little physically sick andhighly sympathetic to militant feminism. The film's clumsy attempts at visual poetry pale into comparison withthe original - proving the point that the soul of the work is whatcreates a spectacle with substance, not computing power.Jared Leto's Kurtz impression might have fared better had their beenany craft in the script. Perhaps if they'd gotten Rutger Hauer toimprovise some lines there'd have been some semblance of originality,instead of memorable quotes such as "You do not know...pain."The score to the movie was effective, but lacked the nuanced, cohesivebeauty of Vangelis' offering in the original; of course it suffers fromthe hodge podge on screen. There can be no artistic combinatorialexplosion when so many elements are lacking in subtlety,originality...spirit. This deficit being exemplified by the PowerRangers finale...PEOW PEOW - HIIIIYA!!!And there is no spirit. This post-modern parable embodies and endorsesthe pseudo-scientific reductionist view of humanity as essentiallyworthless and doomed. It is an unrelentingly shallow and joylessindulgence with plot holes you could drive a bus through (it's a realmemory... then it must be mine! *BOOOOM* - great work detective!). To give the team the benefit of the doubt, let's say that some elementsmay be excused by the use of focus groups by the studios. It wouldn'ttake much to alter the attitude of Gosling to his 3D spouse tohighlight to the viewer the 1D nature of his relationship. Maybe thosetakes are on the cutting room floor, maybe there'll be a superiordirector's cut. I doubt it'll be any the better, the changes needing tobe radical; including shaving about an hour off the running time.Perhaps the director's cut will appear before the sequel. Yes, thanksto the introduction of a rebellion, we can look forward to the Matrixstyle "Bladerunner reloaded", "Bladerunner revolutions"...I wonderwhether Netflix or Amazon will make the series? #justanotherfranchiseIn the year 2019, I believe this effort will suffer horribly fromhindsight; unlike the majestic original...and we'll always have theoriginal. A memory of exemplary filmic storytelling, indelibly etchedin my mind forming part of my identity, available for generations tocome...1*