Let me start by saying that I am a huge Denis Villeneuve fan andabsolutely love every movie he made, from his breakthrough drama'Incendies' to the action thriller 'Sicario'. But when I learned thathe was going to make a sequel to Ridley Scott's iconic Blade Runner Ihad mixed feelings. Would he be able to live up to the expectations andmake a sequel that could measure itself with the original? For thisreason, I went into the cinema thinking ''This will be a great movie, Iam a Villeneuve fan so I have to like it'' but that was a mistake, foronce I stopped expecting and just started experiencing the film, I wasenchanted by all of its visual beauty. I was wrong to doubt Villeneuve;his 'Blade Runner 2049' even succeeds in transcending in some ways theoriginal masterpiece, especially as a visual experience. The bleak dystopian future Scott so perfectly created is even morebeautiful in Villeneuve's 2049, for which a lot of credit has to begiven to the brilliant director of photography Roger Deakins, who hasmade one of his best works (which says a lot). Every shot is brilliant,I loved every single frame and I cannot imagine that he wouldn't getnominated and win an Oscar for this phenomenal work. But also a bigthumbs up has to be given to the entire effects team, for Deakinsdidn't do it all on his own. Deakins isn't the only mastermind at work, for the score is alsobeautifully done. When I learned that composer Jóhann Jóhannsson(someone who has collaborated multiple times with Villeneuve and didmost of the scores for his movies) got fired I was surprised;Jóhannsson has always delivered great work, but according toVilleneuve, his score ''wasn't the right one'' for this movie for itdidn't ''resemble Vangelis soundtrack for Blade Runner'' quite enough.So he got replaced by probably the best man in the business nowadays;Hans Zimmer. And as we are used to with the German composer, this wasonce again sublime and a great homage to the original. Zimmer's 2049score can be compared to his Dunkirk score, in a way that it unsettlesus from the first chord and just as the Second World War movie, itkeeps us on the edges of ours seats, especially during the last hour.As for the people who are actually situated in front of the camera,they all play their parts very well. I was especially happy that RyanGosling's agent K was indeed the leading man and he did a very goodjob. I was slightly concerned that it would mostly be about HarrisonFord's Deckard, but luckily that wasn't the case. Nevertheless, Fordgives one of his best performances in years and after all the iconicroles he played once again in recent years (Han Solo, Indiana Jones)this is by far the best. The smaller but important roles are alsonoteworthy; Robin Wright's Lieutenant Joshi makes a fierce andconvincing police chief, while the villain duo Jared Leto's NeanderWallace as the evil head of a corporation at the top of the new worldorder and his frightening hit-woman Luv (Sylvia Hoeks) are also veryimpressive. Last but not least, Ana de Armas is also very good as Joi,K's girlfriend (even if she does remind me a lot of Scarlet Johanssonin 'Her' and slightly of Alicia Vikander in 'Ex Machina', but maybethat's something Villeneuve did that on purpose and wanted to payhomage to these recent but also very good science-fiction movies).That said, Villeneuve will receive most of the credit, as he should.For unlike most of Hollywood's blockbusters nowadays, he doesn't simplydeliver us a spectacle with some nice effects or a reboot of theoriginal, but he picks up the threads where Scott left, which was amonumental task, for the original 'Blade Runner' is one of the mostimpressive and iconic movies ever made. 2049 continues on the sametopics raised by the original, making the sequel worth the 35-year longwait; it goes further with what was proposed in the first installment,enriching one another. It is possible that one day a third installmentcould be made, but that is only if any director will ever find thecourage to make another 'Blade Runner', for the bar is raisedincredibly high. I believe that in time, 'Blade Runner 2049' will justas the original one, grow into a cult movie, and rightfully so, for itis its own movie, but, just as the original, a visually remarkable,achingly human sci-fi masterpiece. I am not going to say more about it, because the studio has beenunusually insistent in its pleas to critics and the first movie viewersnot to reveal any plot points, but I am glad they did. Even if I couldgo on and on about the movie and the difference between replicants andhumans (or is there really much of a difference, after all?) the lessyou know the better, because 2049 feels at its best when it surprises(which is one of Villeneuve's greatest strengths). This is a movie bestexperienced on the biggest screen in your cinema; trust me, it will beworth your while. As for me, I will most likely try and make some freetime in my schedule for the coming days, 'cause I want to go the cinemaagain, guess what I'm gonna watch...