And boy do I miss them. They say they don't make them like they usedto, but this film proves that cliché wrong. I really enjoyed this film.It wont win any awards and the direction was dull and generic. Theaction scenes were filmed in that annoying fast action fast editing waythat confuses more than entertains. That style makes you wonder iftheir directors think that if you confuse and bewilder your audience,perhaps while they are feeling lost and confused, it artificially makesthe main character seem more heroic; a hero who of course suffers notfrom any such disorientation, whose every move is always certain,confident and instantly laudable.Its an action style that I find annoying. You don't really know whereeverybody is in relation to each other. Compare that style to thesimple informative way David Fincher directs an action sequence. He isa director that loves to make sure the audience knows where everyoneis. This heightens the tension in great movies like Panic Room andFight Club. Owing to the fact that he also takes time to developcharacter and you can see why he is a cut above the rest. If this filmwas directed the same way, this would be a modern classic. Judged onlyby its action scene qualifications, its a derivative forgettable filmwith a water thin plot. Action sequences only have meaning if you givea damn about the characters involved. The same rules apply to horrorfilms. And thats where the greatness of this film lies. The casting of Jackson and Reynolds lifts this out of mainstreammediocrity. The quick witted chemistry they share is fantastic. If youliked Reynold's laconic attitude in Dead Pool and Samuel L Jackson'sfrantic tough guy role from Die Hard with a Vengeance (Die Hard 3), youwill love this movie!The rapid fire lines they deliver are so brilliant that I suspect mostof it was improvised, because surely no one can write the kind ofmayhem you hear these guys utter, spit and ferociously scream at eachother. They work so well together that I hope to see them team up inthe future. This movie deserves a spot among the great buddy films ofthe 1980s. Its a Lethal Weapon for the new Millenia. Eight fast pacedchuckles out of ten.