It had been a while since I was totally enjoying a funny comedy actionmovie. This was by far the most exciting old fashion action movie Ihave seen in the past few months. It was fun, got lots of funny momentsespecially when we saw the interaction between Ryan Reynolds (Bryce)and Samuel L. Jackson (Kincaid). It was actually not a new recipe wheretwo people of different background had to work together to be safe fromthe bad guys (a little bit similar formula in the movie Bulletproofwith Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler). However, this movie was having alot more awesome ridiculous stunts and a lot more brutal. Yes, thekillings were pretty violent but not up to the level of horrifying.The movie had got an R rating mostly I think due to the profoundlanguage (countless times we would here the "F" word being used inhere) and some of the action sequences. The main attraction in thismovie was definitely the amazing chemistry between Bryce and Kincaid'scharacters. It was really wonderful to see how difficult Bryce who wasa methodical full of planning type had to deal with Kincaid who alwaysdid anything based on instinct. Surprisingly also, Salma Hayek'scharacter as a totally violent person was very fun to watch. Did I mention also about this movie being very funny? If I had not saidit enough, I will say it again that this movie was very funny. Therewere so many moments that my wife and I and the rest of the audiencewould really laugh out loud. And the action sequences were sooo many inbetween. I felt there was no dull moment in the movie at all. For amovie of almost 2 hours, it sure filled us with lots of entertainingscenes. Just when you thought that it was over, there seemed to besomething else again. And if you wait till the end credit scene, youcan see a quite funny scene before it ended.Another factor that made the movie so fun to see was the use of some80s songs to accompany the "romantic" scenes such as Hello by LionelRichie or I Want To Know What Love Is by Foreigner. The explosioneffects and the sound effects were great. All in all this film was areally entertaining movie that gave us lots and lots of fun. I wouldreally really recommend this one for you to see in the cinemas nearyou. Please be sure to watch this one with your friends and family(minus the children as it was not for their consumption). If you arelonging for a good fun comedy action movie, then you have got to seethis.For my other reviews, pls have a look atmichaelnontonmulu.blogspot.co.id