Summer movie season is starting to putter out, but the movie magiccontinues to trickle to get a buck out of us. This weekend tries tomuster up some chuckles in the form of not one, but wo comedies thatlook to be more of the same. I start my weekend off with The Hit-man'sBodyguard starring the dynamic duo Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson.With dynamic comedy styles and a track list of movies behind them, onecan only wonder what these two bring to the big screen this weekend.Fortunately, I have the privilege of providing that information andgiving you some insight. Let's get started on another review, shall we?Likes:Soundtrack: Always good to have a soundtrack with quality music andsurprisingly Hit-man's Bodyguard kills it on this aspect. Much of themusic fits in with the scenes, often used as a comedic ploy to compoundon the humor presented in the movie. They even managed to make theaction even more exciting with the music, primarily during BlackBetty's epic guitar solo. One way or another though, you may findyourself tapping your feet to the soundtrack at hand. Action: When they say action/comedy they mean action comedy alright.Hit-man's Bodyguard has edge packed into its gun happy, pro-violencerun and in a variety of styles that help diversify the plot. Jacksonand Reynolds, or at least their doubles, are involved in a variety ofstunts that mix martial arts, weaponry mastery, and insane driving ontheir journey to testify. I myself had an adrenaline-fueled blast withthe movie, but one fan hollered in approval at the hardcore actioncontained in this film, despite how illogical, unrealistic, or deathdefying they were. And as a note, the camera work is quite stable topull off an approval from yours truly. Comedy: The leading component of this film though, is the comedy loadedin to the firearm that is this film. I found myself laughing for mostof the movie at the writing this film had. The screenplay writers had afield day with the dialogue of this film, stretching their minds todeliver lines worthy of cheap laughs to witty gold. I certainly enjoyedthe entire spectrum in this movie, but really enjoyed the timing of thejokes and the delivery from the two leading actors, especially Jackson,sold the line for full price. While certainly not the best writing tograce Hollywood, Hit-man's Bodyguard hits some balance that othercomedies ignores. Dislikes:Jokes grow stale: Despite all the antics packed into this pistol, manyof the potshots are crafted into the same mold and fired so rapidlythat they quickly lose their punch. Reynolds' angles are the biggestvictim of going stale and becoming more eye rolling/annoying than gutbusting. I have to agree with my fellow reviewers in how the movie isrelentlessly throwing jokes at you during the film and it gets tiringafter a while, especially when interrupting the more serious moments. Gary Oldman's character: Oldman is a master of playing those grittierroles and he didn't shy away from the communist leader role in thisfilm. Sadly, the villains have little bite, reduced to threateningfacial gestures (amidst unimpressive makeup), a few grandiose speeches,and oh yes, a running scene. The worst part though has to be the accentand direction Oldman gave the character, which sounded forced,stretched, and uncommitted to the character at hand. This protagonistwas boring and outside Oldman's normal range, leaving the flunkies tobring the pain. Had they focused on his lieutenant a little more, wemay have had a real ringer. Jackson's catchphrase: I know, you get Jackson, you often get a certainphrase alongside him, and Hit-man's Bodyguard is no exception. Thisfilm is relentless with their cursing, focusing on the magical F wordand all its iterations as the primary ammunition for comedy. Jackson inparticular goes overboard with these words and while funny at times,gets old after a while. Salma Hayek's cameo was a welcome change to themix, but with the lazy writing and merchandising off this word, I can'tget on board with their overuse. To quote the movie, Jackson may bedestroying the MF phrase, which is hard to do. The Verdict:I had fun with Hit-man's Bodyguard and enjoying the approach this movietook with comedy and action. It's go simplistic, unoriginal stunts thatare predictable, but it is nicely executed keep your heart pumping. Inaddition, the laughs are nicely integrated into the film to go alongwith the pace of the movie and not diverging down the slow, unnecessarypaths that most do. Still, it's not the most unique movie to grace thetheaters and like many films is unable to obtain that balance of usingtheir gimmicks. Throw in the over utilization of the F word andwell?you see where it gets panned on. Still, it is an enjoyable ridefor a movie venture, but your money many be better spent elsewhere. My scores: Action/Comedy: 7.5 Movie Overall: 5.0