I knew when the teaser trailer came out this spring with the wild clipsof stars Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson to the tune of WhitneyHouston's iconic version of "I Will Always Love You" from the 1992movie "The Bodyguard" that this was going to be an epic action comedy.But considering this is a very hard R flick I waited till ClearPlay orVidAngel got it filtered.These two potty mouths have their own unique comedy trade marks.Reynolds is known as the sarcastic jokester. Jackson usually spewsF-bombs and colorful phrases. They are both at the top of the gamehere, spending nearly the whole movie verbally assaulting each other. Reynolds plays Michael Bryce. He was once a AAA-rated security agent.But when one of his clients is popped under his watch, Bryce's careerand personal life also take a big hit. A few years later, he'srecruited by a special agent ex-girlfriend to transport hit-man andcurrent federal prisoner Darius Kincaid (Jackson), from England to TheHague to testify against a ruthless Eastern European dictator (playedby Gary Oldman) who is out for blood. Oddly enough Bryce and Kincaidhave a bad history together and they both share romantic issues withtheir ex's. ELODIE YUNG round out the cast as the Interpol agent withSalma Hayek as Kincaid's other ½.This is a hard R-rated action film with a very high body count. Closeto a hundred characters are killed in every possible way. There aremultiple shootings, stabbings, strangling, explosions, throat slicing,car crashes, helicopter crashes ? and one character gets pushed off a10-story building.There are at least a half-dozen lengthy chase sequences. Each one getsmore intense than the next. A scene in Amsterdam involving Kincaid in aspeedboat and Bryce on a motorcycle on the run from the bad guys issurprisingly well staged and shot. Problem with the chases the bad guysseem to have an endless supply of bullets that never seem to hitanything critical, but when the good guy killers return only a couplebullets its lights out. This duo kind of has a "Lethal Weapon" feel toit with both leads as the Riggs character.Jackson is even on the soundtrack. He wrote and performs the ballad"Nobody Gets out Alive", which appears twice, including a full versionduring the closing credits. Reynolds actually sings in a scene midwaythrough the movie. He's not that great but it's still funny.Rated R for strong violence and language throughout The bulk of it isthe sexual references, F-bombs, other language but the rating has nomention of the sexuality, which covers quite a bit of content but noactual nudity.