The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a movie I never knew I wanted to see until Isaw the first trailer. I was instantly hooked, and couldn't wait to seeit on opening day. Well, I actually got a bit lucky for once as I wasinvited to see the movie almost two weeks before it opened. And I gottasay, it's one of the best action/comedy movies I've watched in quite awhile...perhaps since Deadpool.So what's this movie about? Well, it's about a guy (Ryan Reynolds) whoused to run a protection agency before he lost a client and hisbusiness failed, forcing him to become a personal bodyguard. He istasked by an Interpol agent to get a witness who is a former assassin(Samuel L. Jackson) to a courthouse to testify against a dictator.Craziness ensues.While the story sounds interesting, it plays out in a pretty typicaland predictable way. Not that I should have expected much more. It isan action/comedy film, after all. But predictability aside, the storydoes get the job done. Yeah, you'll be able to figure out how the filmwill end within the first 30 minutes or so, but that's not all thatimportant, because it's all about the journey to that very predictable,and satisfying, ending. And boy, the adventure that Samuel L. Jacksonand Ryan Reynolds go on is extremely entertaining.Being a comedy, you'd expect some good comedy in this film, right?Well, The Hit-man's Bodyguard delivers on that expectation and thensome. Once you get past the movie's slow start, it's pretty much an allyou can chuckle buffet. (The chemistry between Ryan Reynolds and SamuelL. Jackson is incredible!) Of course there are a few jokes that fallflat, but they are few and far between. Oh yeah, if you're a fan ofDeadpool humor, you'll really like this movie. It's not full-blownDeadpool, but it's pretty damn similar.Now, the biggest surprise for me with this movie is how great theaction sequences are. The team behind this film definitely drew someinfluence from movies like John Wick and Jason Bourne for both thecombat scenes and the chase scenes. They're riveting, with some greathumor sprinkled in.Overall, The Hit-man's Bodyguard is one of the biggest surprises of theyear so far for me, and will definitely go down as one of the mostenjoyable films of the year. It's funny, it's action packed, and thestory is interesting enough to keep it all moving towards a satisfyingconclusion. So yeah, I guess you could say it's pretty dang good. Gosee it when it comes out on August 18th.