I am a 35 year old guy from Scotland with a degree in digital filmmaking. But I do not fancy myself as a critic. I know how hard it is tostart with a white page and create a moving experience. The rightingredients can still create an awful mess.That is why they call it cinema magic. Many times Hollywood hasensembled the perfect cast, story, director etc. but has totally missedthe mark. Batman V Superman could be put on that list. The ingredientswere fine, but the magic wasn't there. I really wanted to love thatfilm. I have dreamed about it as long as I can remember. But in thatcontext it was a total failure. Scene after scene I felt let down,betrayed. How could these people just not get it? The lack ofunderstanding in the source material was shocking.That brings me to Spider-Man Homecoming. My expectations were reservedfor this film. I have been let down so often recently. Even from Marveland Marvel Studios. The Civil War was a bit of a damp squib. Avengers 2was basically Avenengers in eastern Europe (With robots). The rest ofthe line-up recently is kind of dull. Don't get me wrong. They are notbad films, they are good films, but they are not great.Spider-Man Homecoming is; in my opinion, great. From the beginning tothe end I was delighted, amused or moved.Big-budget action scenes are standard fare nowadays, but to give thosescenes real purpose and finesse is unique. The limitations of physics;or the local geography, really ground the film in a reality DC filmshave struggled with. Spider-Man is put in environments where Holland'syouthful spirit is forced to mature in front of our eyes.The characters are fully formed human beings, with passions and flawswhich make the whole story more believable. Michael Keaton and TomHolland are wonderful at giving the protagonist and antagonist purpose.We understand why each is following the path they are on, without theneed of explanation.The story is kept provincial; compared to the usual super-herosmash-a-thon. With Peter (Tom Holland) dealing with neighborhoodproblems. But we still get the implication that the effects couldspread to the wider world, giving a real sense of peril.Spider-Man Homecoming is a fitting title for this film. That is what itfeels like. With all the warmth and memories of an almost forgottenchildhood. It feels like coming home