The movie straight out blew my breath away, yes I'll admit myexpectation weren't high, with the 5 other average Spider-man filmsthat came before this, I wasn't expecting anything different theninteractions with the avengers.(1). Let me first start off with the beginning of the film. I think thereason that this movie was so amazing was that the fact that a lot ofyoung teenagers could relate to being Peter Parker, the writers made anexcellent choice of choosing a young Peter, this made the movie so mucheasier to relate to, they showed real social problems concerning thelives of high schoolers at the same time making it a little moredramatic and adding humour which probably made this movie one of thebest superhero movies I've ever seen, and let me tell that I've seenalmost every single live action superhero adaption ever.(2). Second off was the fact that this wasn't one of the (whole worldis ending, lets save it) clichés. In my personal opinion I'm tired andsick of these because they are getting way to unbearable to watch.Which Batman V Superman showed us. Anyways I loved how they kept themovie realistic ( I know I sound so Ironic right now ) in Peter havinghis limits of being Spider-man, they kept real as in Peter had to worryabout being a student while at the same time protecting hisneighborhood, and at the same time his hero level. (3). Third off the best part of the movie was the Humour. This wasn'tlittle kids funny jokes humour, like I said before the writers made themovie easy to relate to for students, so the jokes were definitelyabove little kids humour, Id say around Community kind, which is thebest. The jokes weren't lame like in The amazing Spider-man so I don'tknow a great to explain the jokes and the type of humour is the reviewso all I can say is go watch the movie yourself. I assure you will notbe disappointed. (4). Fourthly and lastly Thank you SONY for giving my favoritesuperhero back to the rightful owners and not trying to screw it up, bymaking a third reboot with your company only. One of the bigdifferences from the Tobey Maguire Spider-man movies was that it didn'trevolve around LOVE the whole time. That was the one thing I couldn'tbear, yes I think that romance definitely plays a big role in allmovies, but the ones with Maguire only revolved around that, so I justcouldn't put up with them. Anyways Homecoming keeps all the action,humour and romance balanced which is all thanks to Jon Watts I trulybelieve they picked the right director for the 3rd reboot of theSpider-man film. He was able to balance everything so that they fit inperfectly with everything else, like a jigsaw puzzle. I'm not evengoing to start with Andrew Garfield, I mean they should've stoppedafter the first movies. Anyways I highly recommend that you watch this in theaters because itjust makes the experience so much better. Honestly for me this is one of the best superhero movies that's evercame out, I believe that MARVEL can now go for with Spider-man and notto mention the amazing acting from Tom Holland he nailed his roleperfectly that all I can sayAnyways stop reading this and go watch it if you haven't already.