The enduring presence of Spiderman on the big screen over the pastfifteen years presumably caused a little fatigue once news spread ofthe third depiction of the crime-fighting hero. However, Spiderman:Homecoming fails to induce such feelings as the exuberant Tom Hollandmasters the role as Peter Parker in almost every way. After seeing himbriefly in Captain America: Civil War and now under the wings of MarvelStudios, the introduction of Spiderman into the ever-expanding MCUproves to be an incredibly entertaining ride. Spiderman: Homecoming is a very well directed film, as Jon Watts givesus a joyful adventure of the teenager Peter Parker who troubles to findthe balance between his personal and superhero life. Still consumed bythe actions he took against the likes of Captain America in Civil War,Peter Parker becomes a desperate man, hoping to join the Avengers andimpress Tony Stark aka Iron Man, who acts as his mentor. It is withthis mentality that he becomes entrenched into the Spiderman personathat has severe ramifications on his social life, both at home and atschool. And as the nerdy and unpopular teenager, he uses his hiddenpersona to define his own sense of duty and morals. As seen in one ofthe trailers, Tony Stark chastises Peter, quoting, "If your nothingwithout this suit, you shouldn't have it". Tom Holland develops greatchemistry with Robert Downey Jr in all their scenes, however, TonyStarks appearance doesn't shy away from the fact that this is aSpiderman film. This is a film that is grounded to Spiderman, andSpiderman only. His high school story was very intriguing to watch, as we meet Ned(Jacob Batalon) who aids Peter Parker as his nerdy and funny bestfriend, Michelle (Zendaya) as the quirky, yet the lonely student whostands in the background, and Liz (Laura Harrier), Peter's accessiblelove interest. With Spiderman, Peter becomes less involved with theschool, causing dysfunctional relationships to occur between him andmany other students. Likewise at home with Aunt May (Marisa Tomei), whowe see Peter become more distant with her as his agendas begin to takeover. The main villain, the Vulture, is unlike many of Marvel's villains, inthat he is the most human out of all of them. He despises the rich andthe powerful messing up the lives of those below them, in this case,Tony Stark and he cares deeply about his family, wanting to doeverything in his power to keep them safe and happy. His backstory,seen in the opening of the film, and the effects of his actions provesthat Adrian Toomes (his hidden persona) has more redeeming qualitiesthan one might expect of a villain. Michael Keaton brilliantly playsthe role, adding hidden depths rarely seen in a Superhero villain.Of course, every movie comes with its negatives, however, those inHomecoming are only minor. I would've like to see more of Marisa Tomeiand Donald Glover, and possibly some other secondary characters, yet Ido see them playing a major role in the future of Spiderman. Anotherminor problem was the music score by Michael Giacchino, who actuallycreated some really good music pieces, but I personally felt that itwasn't enough to lift it even further to something more memorable. Overall, the action was solid, yet the film serves better as acharacter-driven story rather than the usual action we tend to see inother Marvel movies which may disappoint some fans. However, comic bookfilms are about the characters and Spiderman: Homecoming accomplishesthat extremely well. Tom Hollands gifts us with a great performance ofthe crime-fighting, friendly neighborhood Spiderman, accompanied by agreat villain acted superbly by Michael Keaton, and a host of secondarycharacters that really complete a very well written film.