Another try to show us the same angsty story about power and greatresponsibility? Wrong! Peter stuck in the middle of the teenage drama?Not quite! Spider-man as an Avenger? Well.... let me stop you there. Myfirst impression when the trailer came out was, well I had a lot ofdoubts. For instance why there is no Uncle Ben, why Peter's best friendknows his best-guarded secret (that has been reviled in the comics onlyto help Iron Man's team during Civil War). Aunt May who is even lessaware of everything? Iron Man in the background? No 'FriendlyNeighbourhood Spider-man'? But then I went to see the movie and to say,I was pleasantly surprised. We got the whole need look at PeterParker's life. First of all, we've never got to see Peter so young,though Andrew Garfield and Toby Maguire tried. He looks young and he isyoung. His life isn't exactly defined by his uncle's death. Sure it isimplied but at the same time, it doesn't imply that this is why Peterbecame Spiderman. What we also got to see is Peter who learns how to bea hero. This kid really got one of the most solid moral core among theheroes. And now we can see how he learns how to do his job. It's nolonger than 5 minutes of speeded process of embracing the powers, wherein one moment he breaks the tap, can't control his 'sticky' powers andperforms superhuman reflex and the next scene he has his suit made andhis powers under control. No. And that's why it's good. It's funny,comical even, but true. Peter is true, he eats larb, builds legoDeathstar, studies for Spanish quiz, and saves the day. The other thingthat surprised me was how well Tom and his real friend Jacob played thedynamic duo of Peter and his 'guy in the chair' Ned. It gives us a bitof fresh view, innocent even when it all is a game, an awesomeadventure. And it also gives us A LOT of good humour. Then next we'vegot Aunt May, who is building a new life with Peter, starting over. Shealso has some kind of different innocence than we've seen before. Shesupports Peter and is just a bit more than an episodical characterneeded for the plot. Another character that has been rebooted is FlashThompson, Peter's bully. Of course, he still is a bully, but thewriters decided to expose the other side of him. For me, it gives aglimpse at the future where after all Peter and Flash became friendsand Spider-man's ex- bully becomes a hero, Venom. Additionally, we hada chance to witness Happy's great return, yay!? And finally RJ, we arehere. He did good, what did you expect. But he didn't steal the show,oh no. it was A Spider-man movie from the very end. Another pro of themovie is that there is no romance-centric plot. It's not always aboutgetting a girl people! Moving on, that scene! You know which one! Youdidn't see that coming? Because I didn't. Simple yet great plot twist.But enough about the plot. Then again, the marvellous Marvel logo thatconstantly gets better and SPIDER-MAN THEME! That's right! The musicwas good, even though I was hoping to get another catch and a greatsoundtrack like we had in GoTG and GoTG vol2. Another thing that got mesurprised was the camera. We've been served with a whole lot of scenesfrom new, and different angles. We got lots of different perspectives.General, big, from point of view and the best of all Peter's vlog fromGermany. Last but not least brilliance of the credits. It really makesyou want to sit there and wait for the credits to end, not like wewouldn't do this anyway. ;) I heard someone saying that they weredisappointed with Peter. He was making a fool of himself. He wasconstantly saying: "I'm sorry but I gotta go" and couldn't get the jobdone right from the take one. But isn't it just how his life goes?because from what I know it is. Peter is one of the most relatable andat the same time tragic (ok, maybe not that tragic) comic characters.Because of he always, always does what is right. No matter what. hesacrifices his personal life, his love his happiness to make the worlda better place. This is the reboot. This is the beginning. This isyoung Peter learning to be a hero. Him learning about power andresponsibility. Learning to stay closer to the ground. And even thoughteenage Peter being pulled into high schools drama does sound cliché itparadoxically isn't. It's good. It's funny and it's just simply PeterParker's life.PS. Don't miss the extra Cap's message, straight from Middletown High.