Opening Arguments: Till Dr Strange came out, the MCU had become ratherformulaic in terms of character development and plot lines. Colourfulaction sequences, an ensemble of great actors and a few comical tropesthrown in here and there to make the plot lines seem clever andgrounded are some factors that were causing MCU movies to become hitafter hit. However, it wouldn't work forever and something had tochange. And, boy, did it change with Spiderman Homecoming !! Usually iam wary to call a superhero movie 'realistic', but i will use thatparticular term in this movie simply because the entire movie is weldedtogether in a seamless stream of events that play out very sensiblyinside the viewers head.Plot: 'Stay close to the ground', Stark tells Peter. And the movie doesso too. The result is a very believable version of how a 15 year oldboy on the cusp of becoming an Avenger, but also struggling with'coming of age' issues would behave. Yes there are a couple of goodaction set pieces. But even those are portrayed so well that they seemto be stem more out of a series of events going out of hand rather thanthe movie setting us up for action just for the heck of it. And eachact blends into the other in a fluid way that has been missing insuperhero movies so far.Acting & Characters: Absolutely full marks to Holland and Keaton. Aftera long long time do we get to enjoy a fully fleshed out antagonist inthe MCU! When i watched the trailers i thought 'The Vulture' is goingto be another mech-suit wearing bad guy drunk on power and carnage. Butno. Keaton's character actually keeps developing & evolving throughoutthe span of the movie so well that a discerning viewer might evenquestion whether he is really so much of a bad guy at all. And Holland,well, you can just see that he gives his heart & soul to thisperformance, and i am looking forward to see more of him in future MCUmovies. If he is truly the central character of phase 4, then the MCUis in good hands.Other stuff: It actually feels nice to see Peter getting used to awicked tech-ed up suit developed by Stark which is part of why thismovie feels fresh. Rather than giving 'instinct' as an excuse for allthe cool stuff spiderman can do, here we are given a version of howSpidey first learns many tricks with the help of some cool Stark tech,but then also learns to look inside of himself for the best of hisabilities after his suit is temporarily taken away by an angry Tonyafter the ferry incident depicted in the trailers.Closing arguments: Overall, the movie offers everything: a groundedplot, great characters to sympathise with, well placed yet simplistichumour and of course, cool Spidey stuff !! Spiderman comes of age andso does the MCU itself. Previous versions haven't made it beyond 3 and2 movies respectively. Maybe the third-time reboot's a charm ? :-)