I'm not going to waste my time going into the visuals as I find so manyother reviews already focus on this. I've never considered having greatvisuals as equating with a great film and this film proves nodifferent. I was impressed that the film had a story and it actually had merit.Normally the big budget cgi-feasts either have no plot or a plot thatdoesn't make any sense. This film doesn't suffer from that, and thedialog and editing are also decent for an action film. The pacingdoesn't feel rushed, we have time to acclimate to characters andsettings and the story takes its time establishing itself instead offorce feeding the audience as so many action films do these days. Hereendeth the praise, and now onto the criticisms.The casting of Dane DeHaan as the titular character was a huge mistake.Valerian is meant to be a "bad boy with a heart of gold" the likes ofHan Solo or Heath Ledger in 10 Things I Hate About You. But Dane hasneither the good looks nor the charm to pull it off and instead comesoff whiney and annoying. His underslept eyebags and doofy facialexpressions would hardly make any woman swoon. Plus he just doesn'twork as an action hero: he doesn't kick ass and he isn't a hero. Justan all around fail that could've been helped with a better choice ofactor.The other side of the dynamic duo: Laureline, played by CaraDelevingne, seems to be a very capable fighter and tremendous assetexcept when her partner is around. Then she is relegated to damsel indistress. The character of Laureline continually flip flops betweenfierce independent woman and lovesick school girl which in the face offilms like Wonder Woman is extremely disappointing. She would've beenmuch more engaging if she'd been allowed to be a badass in the vein ofLelu from Fifth Element. Shame Luc Besson.The dynamic between Laureline and Valerian was all wrong and theromance felt forced. As colleagues there's no synergy or collaborationthey feel like two independent entities that have just been placedtogether. And as lovers, Cara clearly worked hard to try to createchemistry with her co-star, Dane, who failed yet again. The pair has nospark as a duo on any possible level and by the end of the film youhave no idea why the two are together as co-workers or as romanticpartners. This felt like a poor casting choice and poor writing.Clive Owen could've been an interesting villain but we aren't givenenough development to create a true opinion. In the end he's very twodimensional which is a shame because he's such a great actor hecould've done a lot more with the role.Which brings us to Rhianna ... didn't do a terrible job acting-wise butunfortunately her character was a complete non-starter. In fact theentire segue into the red light district with the weird toad aliens wascompletely unnecessary and did nothing to advance the plot. It's nevergood when an entire chunk of a movie can be completely removed withoutchanging the trajectory of the story. In fact the flow would've beenbetter if they'd just lost that 30 minute chunk.I won't even go into the cylon robots or how it seems that in everysci-fi film now there's a scene where a guy has to go in and re-wiresomething ... have you ever cracked open your computer? There are nowires in there! Even if you wanted to "re-wire" something you couldn'tbecause it's all on circuit boards ... don't you think that futuresystems would be similar? Come on Hollywood you need to try harder!!This film could've been much better than it was with a few storytweaks, some better editing, and some casting changes. It's a shamewhen a $200M blockbuster misses being great by inches. Maybe spend alittle less time on the CGI and a little more on the framework.