Spoilers and review coming from a Spider-Man fan. I want to say if Iknew nothing about Spider-Man, this movie was good. But sadly I lovedhim and grew up with spidey. The movie was a typical marvel movie andfunny at parts. But the rest, they hurt my inner child ruining spidey. Tom Holland was a great Peter Parker and Spider-Man. But the producersand creative team behind this, ruined Spider-Man. I don't know how Stanlee could could happy with this. My god. They ruined Spider-Man.Spider-Man never needed a high tech suit, with all the gadgets and adamn voice helping him like batman and iron man. They made him lookpathetic and took away his intelligence. Spider man relied on hisabilities, not tech. This movie made iron man look responsible for thecreation and power behind Spider-Man. Any kid could have beenpotentially Spider-Man with iron mans help then. Other than sticking towalls according to this movie. No spidey sense and no furtherexplanation on his abilities. Next, the flash. My god what were they thinking with him? A smallIndian kid, smaller than tom Holland even?? Not a jock and hardlyintimidating. That's not flash. He's suppose to be a dumb jock andbully. Not a hardly noticeable nerd bully on a math team picking onPeter. Aunt may. What...why they make her a hot mom figure. She's suppose tobe old, not long luscious hair and sexy. People hitting on her all thetime. Why?? Spider-Mans webbing was lame and made him look oblivious to using it.He barely created it, tony did all the work. Other than a moment inclass we saw him making some and the end where he used his old webbing. His love interest was lame and they made the vulture her dad??? Really?And then end put a nail in the coffin. The Michelle randomcharacter....calling herself MJ. Please no. She cannot be or replaceMary Jane. And can't even nod to Gwen Stacy. There was so much political correct crap in this. I don't mind changingthe characters into other races, but doing it just for the sake ofdoing it was lame. Making flash Indian, making his friend who alsocould be the hobgoblin Asian, and probably maybe getting rid of MaryJane as Michelle who is black. Does Hollywood have something againstred heads?? Every girl or hero who has red hair in the comics is neverginger. The shocker was terrible. No custom and lame. And they needed two ofhim too? Stupid. Just everything about this movie killed my inner child and spat in myface for making comic book and cartoons of my beloved Spider-Man awaste of time. Oh and people figured out who Spider-Man was quickly. The vulture, hisfriend, iron man obviously, and drum roll....his aunt may. Already auntmay?? Unless they make another movie and add a dumb excuse like, oh Ijust like the costume and I made one. How stupid. I'm sorry to tom Holland for being involved in this. This was not atrue version of Spider- Man. If you know nothing of Spider-Man thenyou'll probably enjoy this movie. But if you know anything about him,his story and who he is, Hollywood shat on it. RIP spidey in the movies. They can't get a simple concept down of him.They have to add a bunch of garbage. This is my one big review of a movie and I never bothered to make onethis in depth, but I couldn't keep it in. Plus the post credit scenewas even lamer at the very end. To add to that, they brought back theugliest captain America costume that made him look like a joke in thefirst avengers.