I feel bad for Luc Besson. The Fifth Element was a pop art masterpiece.He then wasted a hundred million on this mess. Inevitably, since somuch of this film is a ripoff of that great film and others,comparisons are inevitable. Here goes:The Fifth Element, unlike this film, was well cast with actors that hadchemistry in their roles, had a bright, fresh palette that was botheasy to follow and rich, and French technical inventiveness everywhereyou looked. Remember the clever cigarette dispenser in the FifthElement and the crook who waited outside of Dallas's door peephole witha photo attached to his head? Nothing like that here. All stuff you'veseen before. Heavy CGI effects like a dozen video games. And apolitically correct plot with Smurfy Avatars. It's hard to care aboutANY of these characters. While the Fifth Element wasn't serious science fiction (which was thecharm), it made a certain amount of sense. OK, the Earth, Wind, Waterand Fire against an evil force but the logic worked. In this overpricedamateur production, there are black hole sized plot holes everywherethat even a casual viewer would wince at. Spoilers: Launching aspaceship from the center of a massive space colony. (Ever try tolaunch a model rocket from your basement?) A fake radiation threatperpetrated by a bad guy for his cover-up that's not noticed by ANYONEelse in a colony of millions of highly advanced technological species.A cute Avatar iguana that poops super energy pellets (I don't make thisup) that is somehow not monetized by a culture that lived in the middleof a galactic war zone. A planet destroyed like Alderaan where theavatars make their escape in a disabled spaceship. Wouldn't thedisabled spaceship have also gotten destroyed? The space colonydisrupted Earth's gravity yet needed to go on the move. Why not justpark it out by Jupiter?Let's go back to the characters: In the Fifth Element, nearly everycharacter was fun in their own way and thought provoking. Zorg'srationalization for destroying the Earth could be used as a learningtool for college economics classes. The Mondoshawan (dog headedmercenaries) were cute and thuggy. Dallas and Leeloo had chemistry intheir roles from their off-screen personae. The serious priest whocomes across as everyman. Lines all delivered with amusing timing.Remember when the President tells Dallas that the Earth will bedestroyed in an hour and 57 minutes and Dallas says he'll call back in2 hours? It was so funny and well delivered. The lines in this were allwritten badly AND delivered badly. I don't want to blame the actors butoftentimes, some actors can push back and deliver the lines or adlib tosave a boring role. That didn't happen here.Finally, a ray of hope: There is still good sci-fi out there. Moon, forexample. This genre is not dead. But what makes it great is whensomeone decides to do their own thing including away from themselves.Sci-fi sequels are rarely as good as the originals. And this film is noexception.