Spideman: Homecoming was TERRIBLE and by far the worst spider-man film.This movie was a HUGE set back for Spiderman but sadly we live in avery tight lip controlled marvel press that have told us this is "greatmovie" because it came from another soulless product cake factory frommarvel. This is the same Spiderman/Peter Parker from Civil War??? Theyseverely dumbed him down for his solo movie and turned him into whinyclumsy idiot who screwed up constantly. Despite that Tom Holland is thebest on screen Peter Parker and Spiderman to date. He deserved a MUCHbetter movie.I like Michael Keaton but his performance felt phoned in only to findthat Keaton turned down this role twice before excepting it. Not hisfault, am I'm the only one who thought the Vulture was lame? He was sohollow and them tying it up with the whole Damage Control thing feltforced and rushed.The high school stuff in this movie is awful. This movie was trying toso hard to be a John Hughes movie and it failed miserably. Homecomingwas nothing like those movies. The teens in those movies were real,they smoked, drinked, swore, and acted like real teens. The supportingteen cast in Homecoming are nothing but terrible caricatures. Liz is astock love interest with all the personality of a dry brick. She'suseless and Laura Harrier and Tom Holland have zero chemistry. I neverbought that these two liked each other. All they're very few scenestogether are awkward. Flash was turned from a big jock bully bully intoa annoying little doucebag who's about as threatening as a newbornkitten. Ned is stock fat friend comic relief who's not funny at all.Michelle was some wannabe hipster Daria type girl who hate everything.She served no purpose and the twist with character at the end was soforced and stupid. Aunt May's transformation into an object of malegaze/desire (and nothing more). No mention of Uncle Ben which isridiculous. I didn't need to see him die again, but replacing TonyStark as Uncle Ben's place as a father figure is absolutely ludicrous!Dull washed out cinematography. This looked like a TV movie. MichaelGiacchino's uninspired score. Bad CGI on Spiderman, it looked WAY toocartoon. The action scenes were forgettable and had zero stakes. TheRubble scene had potential but it was poorly done, rushed, and ruinedby water reflection with Tony's voice over. It's sucks because Hollandacted his but off in that scene. All the Avengers/MCU references wereforced and shoehorned it was eye rolling. The worst was the F, Marry,Kill game with Thor, Hulk, and Iron Man during the gym class. Really???Speaking of gym class, those Captain America PSA segments were unfunnypointless filler. Jon Watts was a poor pick to direct this movie. Hisdirection is bland and uncreative. He also doesn't know how to directaction scenes. At least the Raimi movie had their own distinctive zanykooky style. Homecoming looks like every other MCU movie. This moviealso had 6, yes SIX writers and it's shows.The The forced diversity is so in your face. His best friends isFilipino, love interest is biracial, his bully is Guatemalan, weirdgirl is black, the Chinese and African kid on the decathlon team. Nostory-line progression. The movie is Peter wants to impress Mr. Starkto become an Avenger. That's.... it. The terrible childish comedy. "Hurduh penis parker", "I was watching porn", "your aunt is so hot". Thisis the comedy were supposed to laugh at? What was with the cringe builtby slaves comment in the Washington scene? That has no place in aspider-man movie.Bottom line! Spiderman: Homecoming is another over-hyped Summerblockbuster that will be forgotten about after a month which is exactlywhat happened. These MCU movies have no staying power. I already forgotGuardians 2 came out 3 months ago. By the way that movie also suckedtoo!