Jeez. This movie. I loathe nearly everything about this film, but let'sgo ahead and knock out these positives. Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is visually stunning?sometimes. There is a great deal of imagination that went into the artdesign here, and this definitely separates this film from the overlysaturated sci-fi sub genre. The ambition showed in the world buildingof this universe is commendable, director Luc Besson really goes for ithere. The vast majority of this film is completely CGI- rendered, andfor the most part, the CGI is well done. The opening sequence thatkicks this film off is breathtaking, and while it shares similaritiesto James Cameron's Avatar, there is an uniqueness to it that reallydraws the audience in.As soon as our two human protagonists come on screen?which mind you, isimmediately after the impressive opening sequence?the film screeches toa halt, losing every speck of momentum garnered in the first twentyminutes.Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevingne portray cardboard cutouts?oh, I meanspecial government agents tasked with some of the universe's mostimportant tasks. I wish there was something good I could say about theperformances from these two. But, nearly every time DeHaan opened hismouth to speak all, I could do was sigh. This is clearly a role meantfor a charismatic actor, the likes of someone like Chris Pratt, TomCruise, or Will Smith. Instead, this film has DeHaan, who gives such anextremely wooden performance that it is borderline painful. Thechemistry between DeHaan and Delevingne is nonexistent. The romanticrelationship between these two characters maybe could have beenbelievable with a different pair of actors. With these two brick wallsthough? Nah. The film screeches to a halt far too many times to givefocus to unbearable romantic moments between the two?many of which hurtme physically. What really rose my blood pressure here was the script. Dare I say, Iprefer the dialogue and narrative from the Transformers: The LastKnight over what is present in this film's monstrosity of a screenplay.This film thinks it is hilarious and charming, just like Transformersdid. This film is immensely unfunny and repulsive, just likeTransformers is. The attempts at quips and back-and-forth jokes areinsufferable, getting less funny and more amateurish as the film goeson. DeHaan and Delevingne definitely deserve some of the blame forthis, but the godawful writing doesn't provide them much room to beanything more than annoying. The plot manages to be more jumbled than anything I have seen all year.There are whole sections of this film that have nothing to do with thenarrative set up in the opening act. This is a 2 hour and 20 minutefilm that has no business being anything over 90 minutes. A whole thirdof this film could be cut out, (specifically the detour that featuressinger/songwriter Rihanna) and nothing about the ending would change. Ishould have walked out of this movie somewhere near that 90 minutemark, but, like Transformers, I hoped the final act would be thisfilm's saving grace. It wasn't.If you spent money your hard-earned money on this film this weekend, Itruly apologize. While this is not the cinematic cancer that theTransformers franchise continues to be?Valerian is a horrendouslyacted, incoherently written, waste of time. 