Firstly, the scene of US soldiers in Europe are false, the Americanarmed forces were segregated until Truman desegregated them in 1948, soAfrican soldiers "fighting" and "marching" along side white soldiers isa joke.As fore the political elements that surround this film, take a look atone such review: "This celluloid masterpiece sums up Ch 1'Reconstructing Reconstruction' of Carol Anderson's "White Rage",SPECTACULARLY! "White Rage ? The Unspoken Truth of Our Racial Divide""...the trigger for white rage, invariably, is black advancement. It isnot the mere presence of black people that is the problem; rather it isblackness with ambition, with drive, with purpose, with aspirations andwith demands for full and equal citizenship. It is blackness thatrefuses to accept subjugation, to give up." No, it's not blackadvancement that is the problem with white people, it's that blacksexpect to "advance" within WHITE society rather than their own. Inother words, stop expecting white people to gear their lives andsociety around the wants of black people. Do it for yourselves.Another review got my attention: "This film did not leave me with asense of hope. After WWII, many black men moved to Europe where theywere treated as equals. I realize the Mudbound story takes place in1940s but do people actually think America is the land of the freetoday? I don't think so. And seeing Americans vote someone like Trumpinto power only makes those of us on the outside wonder ... what is thefate of this country?" So black Americans moved to Europe where theywere treated as "equals" eh? Well considering Europe is the indigenousland of, well Europeans, you know, those evil white skinned people, anddid not have any population of blacks, and no racial problems orsituations as a result of this demographic fact, is it any wonderblacks were viewed as a curiosity rather than has a hostile group?Believe me, in Europe today, full of third world migrants from Africaand the Mideast, those days are long gone. And while we're on thesubject, Why do blacks complain about white racism, and then go live inthe continent indigenous to and full of white people? Why not go tolive in a nation and a part of the world far away from Europeans andour civilization if it's so "racist" and bad? All in all, this film is,unsurprisingly, leftist propaganda. Garrett Hedlund grows a cool mo,though.