With the holiday season here, one of the biggest themes in our societywill be that of family. Whether near or far, we think of our loved onesand hopefully will be able to spend at least a little bit of time withthem, celebrating another year of life, both its peaks and valleys.Along with this time comes another expected release from Pixar/Disney,and this year, it's "Coco".Up and coming young actor Anthony Gonzalez voices Miguel, a young manliving in Mexico as El Dia de la Muerte approaches. Since this is theDay of the Dead, his family has gathered to honor their ancestorsbefore them, as four generations of his family live under one roof,working their days away making shoes. Due to his great, greatgrandfather leaving the family to pursue music, the art form has beenbanned from the family itself even though Miguel has the gift withinhim. When he decides to defy his family and play in a talent show, he"borrows" a guitar from the grave of his hero, Ernesto de la Cruz(Benjamin Bratt), but when he plays it, he finds himself amongst thedead with his ancestors in a race against time to not only get back tothe Land of the Living but also help a new friend named Hector (GaelGarcia Bernal) get to see his family and not be forgotten and lostforever.I was able to take my good friend and "sister" to this screening, and Ithink she said it best as the end credits rolled: "Pixar and all oftheir feels". There will be many people (including myself) that saw thetrailer for "Coco" and wondered if this was The House of Mouse'sversion of Jorge R. Gutierrez's 2014 "The Book of Life," but thesetting is about where those comparisons will come to an end outside ofboth of these films being wonderfully enjoyable. Outside of beingnothing short of gorgeous visually, there is a story that goes alongwith those visuals that is rich, engaging, and packed full of fun andemotion along with voice talents (which also includes Gabriel Iglesias,Edward James Olmos, and Cheech Marin) that really bring the charactersto life. The themes of family, love, respect for tradition, and theneed for tradition are incredibly strong here co- written by LeeUnkrich (who also directed the film) that had me laughing out loud incertain points as well as getting misty in others. Running almost twohours (which seems to becoming the norm for animated features in recentyears), this is yet another example of Pixar knowing their audience anddelivering on it, as the screening we attended was chock full ofyoung'uns that were both focused and well- behaved throughout thisfilm. There will be a short film that will be shown in some theatersthat is a holiday special from the cast of "Frozen," but we did not seeit at our particular screening.If you are looking for a film this holiday season that is a lock forbeing enjoyable by each and every member of YOUR family, "Coco" isright up your alley. Whether it is fun for the kids as they followMiguel's journey back to HIS family or an engaging story that theadults and everyone in between can both identify with and enjoy, thisis another home run for Disney and Pixar!