Greetings again from the darkness. The Jim Crow South and WWII haveeach spawned many movies, and both play a crucial role in director DeeRees' (BESSIE) adaptation (co-written with Virgil Williams) of HillaryJordan's 2008 novel. It's the story of two families, the Jacksons andthe McAllans, striving for daily survival in rural Mississippi duringthe 1940's. The Jacksons are a black family tenant-farming on land owned by thewhite McAllans who transplanted from Memphis. This land is so remoteand life so hard, that tractors are almost non-existent and mules arerare enough. There is such a bleakness to this existence that all seemoblivious to the always present mudhole leading to the front door oftheir shack. Elation comes in the form of a privacy wall constructedaround the outdoor family shower, or the sweetness of a bar ofchocolate. Soon after D-Day, Florence and Hap Jackson send their sonRonsel off to war. The same thing is happening across the 200 acre farmto Jamie McAllan, brother of Henry and son of Pappy. A shifting of multiple narrators throughout allows us access to theperspectives of multiple characters. We get both black and white viewson war and farming. Days in war bring injury, death and dirt ? not sodissimilar to life on a Mississippi farm. When Ronsel and Jamie returnfrom war, they are both suffering. Ronsel can't come to grips with howhe was treated as a redeemer in Europe, but just another 'black man'being targeted by the KKK at home, while Jamie is shell-shocked intoalcoholism and an inability to function in society. The parallelsbetween the war experience of Ronsel and Jamie lead them to afriendship that ultimately can't be good for either. Jason Clarke plays Henry and Carey Mulligan, his wife Laura. JonathanBanks ("Breaking Bad", "Better Call Saul") is the ultimate nasty racistPappy, while Garrett Hedlund is Jamie. Rob Morgan and Mary J Blige areHap and Florence Jackson, and Jason Mitchell (STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON)is Ronsel. While all perform well, it's Mitchell and Hedlund who areparticular standouts, as is a radio reference of the great LouBoudreau. Rachel Morrison's cinematography is terrific and capturesboth the hardscrabble life of Mississippi, but also the frantic andtragic abruptness of war (in just a couple of scenes). Racism is always difficult to watch, and in that era, everyone hadtheir place/plight in life. It was a structure built to ensure miseryfor most, and one guaranteed to collapse. The acting here is verystrong and the film is well made. The story-telling is consistentlydisquieting and periodically unbearable. Still, we are all tired (orshould be) of hatred. The somewhat hopeful ending caused an audiblesigh of relief from an audience of viewers who had been angry andclinched for more than two hours. And though there is no joy inMudville, we remain hopeful, even today.