Netflix hasn't had the best track record when it comes to originalfeature films, but there's always been that rare occasion each yearwith films like Beasts of No Nation or Tallulah (at least in myopinion), and I truly believe that they've just released their greatestfeature film to date. Premiering in film festivals around the world,this film has been highly anticipated for film lovers and it didn'tdisappoint. Mudbound tackles many issues that have been exploredthroughout countless movies in the past or even in recent memory, butwhen a movie can captivate you with its characters and truly make youcare when things begin to happen to them, then you've made a real gemof a film. Mudbound is no exception to that notion and here's why Ibelieve it deserves all the attention it's getting.Although I'd say I loved every second of this film in retrospect, itdoes take a while to win you over throughout its first act. Afterreturning home from World War II, a few men have to deal with theracism in their hometown that was absolutely absent while they foughtoverseas. Dealing with racism isn't anything new in terms of filmexploration, but it's sold very well here. It's done in such a way thatfeels fresh and old at the same time. Many instances filled my eyeswith tears at how brutal some of the imagery was, leaving mespeechless. Yes, this film can feel a little long, but that's where thecast comes into play, giving the movie a much greater pace.Although casting talent like Garrett Hedlund, Jason Clarke, CareyMulligan, and Jonathan Banks only added to the depth between charactershere, Jason Mitchell is the true standout and I believe people will betalking about him for awards in the coming months. His portrayal ofRonsel literally had me in tears upon each climactic moment he wasinvolved in. Watching his particular journey from war hero to beingimmediately degraded for having done absolutely nothing wrong, exceptfor being a different color was quite awful to experience, but the arcthat his character goes through is well worth the wait.As I mentioned before, the first act of this film can feel very slowand I was pretty bored, to be honest, but trust me, it's only that wayso that it can take its precious time to give the audience a lay-up andhave them settle into this world and care about the characters in it.By the time the third act kicks in, there are some truly emotionalmoments between characters and one standout scene that I'll beremembering for quite some time between Hedlund and Mitchell. Theirchemistry was out of this world to me and their scenes had mecompletely forget that I was watching a movie.In the end, this is a well-shot, very well-scored, and wonderfullyacted period drama that had me in tears by the time the credits startedto roll. While it doesn't necessarily do anything new in terms of theemotional impact of racism back in the day, it finds a way to put a newspin on it and make you feel all kinds of emotions that even movieslike 12 Years a Slave didn't. Yes, I know that's a bold statement, butMudbound is exactly the movie I've been looking for in terms of thisparticular storyline. While the slow pace may not be for everyone, ifyou can invest yourself in a somewhat lengthy drama, Mudbound is nowstreaming on Netflix and I can't recommend it more.