"Coco" is unquestionably a movie about bridging gaps. In the film, aliteral bridge of marigold petals links the Worlds of the Living andthe Dead for a night. In the real world, Pixar has tended a symbolicbridge with this film to link Mexicans, Chicanos (U.S.-based Mexicansand their descendants), U.S. nationals and the world via one of ourmost difficult shared human experiences. This isn't a movie spearheadedby Mexican artists to introduce the world to one of our belovedidiosyncrasies, like the inevitably comparable "The Book of Life" (amovie that I like but have far more issues with as a film fan than"Coco", regardless of nationality) but to simplify it as "a culturallyappropriative work by a non-Mexican" would be to not only miss thepoint of the story told in it but to miss the point in its creation aswell.Lee Unkrich and the team at Pixar clearly went at great lengths to notonly understand the holiday itself but also how to best present it tothose unfamiliar. There's also a clear effort to try and understand theculture(s) that originate, adapt and celebrate the holiday (or as muchas one can "understand" Mexico in anything less than a lifetime). Whyso much effort? What one can infer from interviews with Unkrich is thathis decision to make the movie came from a place of genuine admirationand curiosity. Filtered through Pixar's famously thorough work ethic inthe service of storytelling, you end up with a film fruit of both loveand intelligent, hard work, clear in many of the filmmaking decisions.For those in the know, Mexican Spanish expressions are uttered withoutsubtitles, national celebrities (or at least their skeletal avatars)appear and are paid tribute, the cultural differences between regionsof Mexico are alluded to, the movie is clearly set in the modern dayand respect for the country, its people and sometimes complicatedfamily dynamics is on display. Regarding our relatives north of theborder and elsewhere, the cast of the film is more Chicano thanMexican-born and the more internationally-popular term "Día de LOSMuertos" is as common as our preferred "Día de Muertos". For thosecomplete outsiders to the holiday, its emotionality and symbolism areexplained just the right amount to follow the plot yet leaving some airof mystery while Santa Cecilia is not too far from that most-familiardepiction of small, dusty colonial towns as the face of Mexico. Allthese compromises show that the film is intended as a message of unityand understanding. Yes, some references will definitely fly over manyaudiences' heads, but the Pixar magic lies in that, making some partsof the film so specific, they've managed to turn the whole universal.Mexicans, a people defined by a tug-of-war between indigenous,European, personal, global and other identities that work best whenbalance between them is achieved, are a prime example of the importanceof finding what's universal. Our holiday dedicated to "let's turnmourning into joy" may seem incongruous but it comes from theobservation of joy and death as being equally unifying. We're allunited by knowing joy, some of it courtesy of those who've passed on.We're all united by and equal in death, to every being that's everlived. The death of beloved ones brings us memories, their memoriesbring us joy, this is the essence of Día de Muertos. "Coco"'s nobleessence, par for the course of the Pixar canon (perhaps not as bold as"Wall-E" or "Monsters University", but bold enough) is to bridge therelatively small gaps between personal passion and responsibility,Mexas and others, on the same level as those huge gaps between joy andmourning, death and life. Thanks to the respectful research andcollaborations behind the film, its essence not only aligns with thatof the holiday, but hopefully will complement and strenghten eachother, for years to come, for every early November night that weremember... and smile.