Coco (2017) is an animated film co-directed by Lee Unkrich and AdrianMolina. It is a story set in the fictitious Mexican town of SantaCecilia, where young Miguel (Anthony Gonzalez) embarks on a journeywhen his passion in life and dreams are called into question by hisfamily. All Miguel wants from this life is emulating the great andfamous singer Ernesto de la Cruz (Benjamin Bratt) but his abuela andrelatives oppose. Miguel must come to terms with his family and returnback home after he disrespects the "dia de los muertos" tradition and acurse falls upon him, trapping him with the dead. He finds help fromthe deceased Hector (Gael Garcia) and members of his family like MamaImelda (Alana Ubach) as he finds a way to express his talents andlearns family history. At its core Coco is a story about passion, memory and family. Miguelfollows a story arch where he must learn self value, bravery and thevalue of being true to one's self while remaining loyal to family,respecting tradition and remembering one's past in the form of familyhistory. With a reputation for great storytelling, juggernauts Disneyand Pixar have found a way to tell a story with such a worn arch with anew and authentic style. A lesson is learned by almost every maincharacter as they grow and develop. Passion is pitted against tradition(and perhaps stubborn customs) and the outcome produces strong emotionson the viewer. At times the story felt carried itself with the dramaand flair of a Mexican "Telenovela". These are some rich themes forwhat may be considered a "kid's film" but they develop organically andare never forced. However the film doesn't lack that slapstick humouror easy and quirky kid's comedy (Especially present in the playfulnessof the dead characters' bones). The production team made a respectable effort preparing for theproduction of this film, and the results were worthwhile and evident.The film is brilliantly set in Mexico, showcasing a wide range ofcustoms and cultural icons that made the film feel authentic.Everything from Mexican cuisine (Like tacos, tamales or "pan demuerto") to celebrities (Like Frida Kahlo, El Santo, Pedro Infante orCantinflas) make an appearance. Traditional "Mariachi" or "Charro"suits and elaborate woman hairstyles are accurately represented.Mexican family culture is accurately represented from the respecttowards our loving, stern and kiss filling abuelas, to that spicy andsassy personality characteristic of Mexican and Latin women. Even theidolization of popular musical icons, similar to Ernesto de la Cruz inthe film, resembles the decades old fascination with the likes ofactual celebrities like Pedro Infante or Jose Alfredo Jimenez. Iauthentically felt the story was set in a real, picturesque Mexicanpueblo. Every small detail felt in place and that enhanced the story.The film understands and respects the traditions of "dia de losmuertos" while giving it a modern twist. Despite the difficulties, andrisks, that come with portraying such a rich and complex culture thefilm makes a much appreciated effort in introducing a side of Mexicanculture that is at times neglected in favour of easy-to-go stereotypes.The film felt beautifully animated with intricate finger movementswhile playing a worn-out guitar or the miniscule pores andimperfections of the bones. Visually gorgeous and impressive the filmmakes use of a brightly coloured pallet, like with the rich orange usedfor the "cempazuchitl" flowers or the "papel picado" banners. The musicfit perfectly with the tone used for the story and never stopped havinga particularly Mexican flavour from the use of the guitar or trumpetsto the "marimba". The score continued to set the story appropriately. Coco is carried by memorable fun moments, like Miguel's encounter withexotic Frida Kahlo, and beautiful and emotionally filled ones, such asthat of the last act which grounded the story's themes of love formusic and family during a scene that is sure to invoke a tear or two.Despite a few moments where it felt that the plot was driven by theoversimplified and unexplained mechanics of the curse, the film ingeneral doesn't stop being the memorable and enjoyable experience of afamiliar story executed with fresh and authentic style.