I saw this movie at a special screening at Pixar Studios in Emeryville,CA. What an experience for the heart, mind and sou!We generally think of family films as those aimed at children, thathappen to be enjoyable enough for adults. Coco, however, will be asmuch a hit in nursing homes as it'll be among grade-schoolers, who willlaugh and cry in equal parts as the people at my screening did. It'sabout a family, a multi-generational family living together. I won'tspoil anything, but I wish I'd been as good a great-grandson as the boyin this story.Here are my six takeaways from the morning after. I'm sure more willcome to mind in the coming days and weeks, because it definitelydeserves a second or third view:1. The story is probably the most rich, complex and well-writtennarrative I've seen in an animated film. It breaks into, and surpasses,some worthy live-action screenplays. Pixar should start campaigning fora Best Original Screenplay nomination in my opinion. 2. The animation and production design are as expected, first-class.There are feast-for-your eyes visuals in the creation of imaginaryplaces and characters, but what most impressed me was the everydayplaces and people, and how they filled them with cinematic wonder andcolor. Note: everyone I was with agreed that the detail of the titularcharacter of Coco was unlike anything we've ever seen in animation.3. I'm a guitar player, and I can say with certainty that this is thefirst time I've seen animated characters correctly playing theinstrument. Even in live-action movies this is not always the case, butin Coco it's obvious the filmmakers captured real guitarists playingnote-for-note what you hear in the music.4. All the research and consulting into Mexican culture/sociology haspaid off. To the rest of us the movie seems very respectful of familydynamics and the Día de los Muertos celebration. But the best prooflies in Mexico: since its release (which was one month before itappears everywhere else) it has become the highest-grossing movie inMexican box-office history. After the screening I read that many of theminor characters were drawn as an homage to legendary Mexicanentertainers.5. The filmmakers created a good balance between the characters' use ofEnglish and Spanish, as well as in the visuals (streets and shop signs,etc.). English-speaking audiences will understand the plot, whilelearning some vernacular in the process.6. Stay until the last credits roll! The filmmakers added aheartwarming segment at the very end. You'll be glad you stayed.Here in the US it's being released around Thanksgiving, and just likeSaving Private Ryan made us respect The Greatest Generation, this moviewill make you want to hug and kiss all your elders at the table.