(RATING: ????½ out of 5) GRADE: B+ THIS FILM IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: A powerful film about bigotry with an exemplary ensemble.SYNOPSIS: in 1940's, two families struggle to survive in the DeepSouth.JIM'S REVIEW: It is a small patch of earth that brings together twoSouthern families in rural 1940's Mississippi in Dee Rees' powerfulsaga, Mudbound. Based on Hillary Jordan's epic novel, the film showsall the hardships and obstacles that follow these tenant farmers in thebigoted Deep South during the World War II era. Streaming on Netflixand opening in select theaters this weekend, this film is one of thebetter movies of the year. One hopes the film will gather more criticalresponses during award season, especially for its strong ensemble.We meet two dissimilar families: the McAllans, a white, semi-privilegedclan who own the cherished land and the Jacksons, a black family whotill the parched soil with hopes of buying and owning the property inthe future. Their lives intersect as the story progresses. It does takea while for the set- up to begin, but it is well worth the wait. Laura,a well-to-do city girl with a sense of culture and pride marries HenryMcAllan and is forced to settle on his family's farm, with his bigotedfather named Pappy, a stereotyped hater if there ever was one, andHenry's handsome younger brother, Jamie,. (Yes another stereotype, andtoo obviously a plot device to create a melodramatic triangle.) Theirneighbors are the proud and stoic Florence Jackson, her hard-workinghusband Hap, and their many children, including their eldest son,Ronsel. Both Jamie and Ronsel go off to war and come back emotionallydamaged, unable to face the prejudice of townsfolk as these two becomefriends.The screenplay by Virgil Williams and the director covers muchterritory and creates characters that resonate in their humanity, orlack thereof. Their script has some flaws in its storytelling. The overindulgence of the voice-over narration becomes a bit tiresome, eventhough the words have a poetic lilt to them. This approach providesmultiple perspectives from all of the characters, but it hinders theirdevelopment at times. One wishes those words would have become part ofthe dialog and provide its glorious cast with more dramatic actingopportunities. The film also becomes too melodramatic in its subject,but it is handled with such emotional clarity and nuance that one caneasily overlook those flourishes. Its complicated story and the scopeof its material allows a subplot about an abused wife (though wellplayed by Kerry Cahill) to intrude upon the central story. This doeslittle to advance the narrative, except to provide a haunting image ofblood-soaked land. That said, these are minor missteps that cannotdiminish the film's overall impact.In fact, there are many memorable images in this film due to RachelMorrison's photography (a a child pointing a brook handle at a whiteman pretending to shoot him dead, contrasting scenes of a woman washingherself clean of the dirt and shame, a harrowing sequence of a blacksoldier being told to use the rear door, etc.). Mako Kamitsuna's tautediting seamlessly interweaves war time scenes with the farm lifesequences and transitions both with masterful skill. Ms. Dee'sdirection creates moments of undeniable beauty and unsettling tension.Her vision of the ongoing prejudice that permeated this town ispalpable and makes the moviegoer sit up and take notice about theinjustice and hatred (sadly still a part of America's fabric today).Particularly disturbing is the film's most graphic scene involving theKlan that is riveting and honestly depicts these heinous acts ofviolence. The cast is exceptional and work as a cohesive whole. Carey Mulligan asLaura brings an underlying sadness and strength to her part as thedespairing Laura. Her female counterpart, an unrecognizable Mary J.Blige, is riveting as she helplessly watches her son make somequestionable choices that she knows will have consequences. JonathanBanks takes on the evil and loveless Pappy with such deep-seeded venom.Although the patriarch roles of both houses are somewhat underwritten,both Jason Clarke and Rob Morgan add the missing depth to their sketchycharacters. Perhaps the most effective portrayals are given by GarrettHedlund and Jason Mitchell as the two friends. Mr. Hedlund gives hisbest performance to date as the alcoholic PTSD victim and Mr. Mitchellis a revelation, conveying all of the anger and confusion that manyAfrican- American soldiers faced returning from duty. His one speechcomparing his acceptance of his blackness in Europe to his demeaningrole as second-class citizen in America upon his returned isheartbreaking.In Mudbound, one character says, "I dreamed in brown." That statementconveys the heartbreak and power that is this thought-provoking film.