To read my full review for Coco go to: www.havekidwillteardrop.comWhen I heard this movie was coming out, I was really excited to see it.My son's class had studied the Day of the Dead (Dia de los Muertos) inschool where he learned about the history of this very important dayand why it is celebrated. I was curious how Disney/Pixar would come atthis because even though they always have the best intentions, sometimes things don't go as planned. After seeing it last night I feellike they hit it out of the park!This movie is so so full of love and color and passion. I appreciatedhow they explained the celebration and why it is important to people ofMexico (and beyond). The message of family, hard work and love is sostrong. There is also a message of finding a way to follow your passionand if you want it you have to make it happen (although hopefully yourchoices will be good ones and not ones that are wrong!).The attention to detail throughout the film is incredible. When youwatch various people in the movie play the guitar it is like watching areal person play. The filmmakers did their best to replicate how thefingers move and the positions they take. Attention to detail wentbeyond that ? there is an introduction to famous Mexican heroes likeFrida Kaldo and both worlds were inspired by real places the teamtraveled to throughout Mexico. Filmmakers collaborated with a team ofcultural consultants, whose families all hail from Mexico, to weigh inon everything from character wardrobe and sets décor to the colorpalette and even dialogue?encouraging a fluid blend of Spanish andEnglish within the script in a way that required no translation. Thereis a long list of families in my press materials that helped with allof this as well and I felt like the film was done in such a magical yetculturally respectful way. You could really feel like this family couldlive next door. Or be your family.While this movie is really heart-warming there is a lot of humor too.The street dog, Dante, who Miguel befriends is hilarious and reminds mea lot of the chicken in Moana. He doesn't seem all that intelligent,will eat nearly everything, but is a loyal friend and travel companion.He might not be family, but he becomes family by the end of the filmand proves that he loves as hard as Miguel. There are other fun jokesand Hector is quite a character ? beloved and silly all at the sametime.The voice talent in the movie is fantastic. Miguel is voiced by AnthonyGonzalez and he is wonderful. He has been playing mariachi since he was4 years old and lends his voice to the songs his character sings. My husband doesn't really love movies that have a lot of music in them,but he felt like this had just the right amount and really loved thestory line, even if it was a little bit predictable. Our son reallyloved it too and says all kids should see this. The directors Lee Unkrich and Adrian Molina bring a really beautifulfilm to us and I highly recommend seeing this one with your family. Disclaimer: I was given free admission to this film. All opinions aremy own and I was not required to leave a positive review. The movie isreally well done!