First of all, I have always been a huge fan of Pixar. I loved nearlyall of their films, except for Cars 3 and Brave (I actually thoughtCars 2 was fine - don't hate me!). I am usually very open to most filmsand give them positive ratings despite a few flaws.With Coco, I was utterly disappointed. I was lucky enough to snag a fewpreview screening tickets last Friday. I went with my wife and 8 yearold child. My son really liked it, but that was mostly because of theoutstanding animation (some of Pixar's best animation yet) and the leadcharacter. My wife and I both found the same flaws in this. The story is very different from what Pixar usually makes. Coco is notas childish or simple as most of their other works. The concept isguaranteed to teach children about a new culture that they might notknow about. While this may sound like a huge positive, it completelyruins the film for adults who cared about the story. Almost every majorplot point relies on the viewer understanding a certain amount ofSpanish to know what is being said among the characters. Unfortunately,I took 4 years of French in high school and had absolutely nounderstanding of the Spanish language. I was confused as to exactlywhat was being said during the climax. A character mentions to anothercharacter some important detail about the story in Spanish (which Iwill avoid spoiling for you) that I had to infer for myself in order tokeep up with the heavy story. I don't know if there were originallysubtitles to the film or not, but my theater at least had no subtitlesfor English speakers. From the trailer, this film appears to be more mature and daring than atypical Pixar film. In reality, this movie is just more confusing andgoes for visually stunning shots more often than it goes for emotion.This is still a good movie for kids - as opposed to a movie like TheEmoji Movie - and has a few teachable moments. There is a nice andthoughtful message in this, but no real impact or emotional weight tocarry it through to viewers. Think of this film as an African proverb -it offers an important life lesson, but no emotion or story toaccompany it. In the end, I can't really recommend this film unless you are willingto sacrifice your standards of an engaging story and emotional impactfor stunning visuals and an original concept from what used to be myfavorite animation studio of all time.