Racism, war, violence, female solidarity ? however relevant thesesubjects are, they seem rather exhausted on a cinematic levelespecially when the Awards season starts.Indeed, on the simple basis of its trailer, one would believe that"Mudbound" is simply Netflix making its "Color Purple", "MississippiBurning" or "12 Years a Slave". Maybe. But there is something fresh andoriginal in Dee Rees' adaptation of Hillary Jordan's novel and it's aconsiderable achievement that owes a lot to the writing, the directingand the unusual structure and patient pace of the film. Sure it is acompanion to all the movies I mentioned but it has a sort of hauntingquality, something that sticks to your mind and dwarfs a rather goodfilm like "The Help".What is "Mudbound" about? That's not an easy question to answer, a fewnegative critics pointed out the film's lack of focus because it's amulti-character story and there's no lead or supporting roles at firststance, just as they criticized the overuse of voice-over. I didn'tmind the voice-over much, the story is so complex and multi-layeredthat I'd rather have a voice-over explaining things and make it my'privilege' to pay or not pay attention to it. The lack of focus now isjust a matter of half-empty or half-full glass. But here's a way topresent the film in simpler terms. "Mudbound" is about two families,the McAllans (white) and the Jacksons (black) living in two neighboringfarms in the Mississippi of the 40's.Laura (Carey Mulligan) married Henry McAllan (Jason Clarke), less movedby love than a desire to escape from her "old maid" condition, andmarital life made her feel relevant and important. Henry isn't theromantic type but no bad man either, and I was glad the movie didn'ttake one path I expected. No, it's not about that kind of abuse. TheMcAllans are a steady couple and the Jacksons form a united clan whosepatriarch Hap (Rob Morgan) is the descendant of former slaves whoworked on that same land, Hap's dreams is to own it in the futurealthough he's not fooled by the worth of any act of property in thatracist state. The Jacksons might strike as too 'virtuous' and takingvery solemn poses but once you get drawn by the atmosphere and thehostility they constantly face, you realize that "disunion" couldn't bean option. Hap and his wife Florence (Oscar- worthy Mary J. Blige)can't afford the luxury of not being at least "happy together".But the film doesn't venture yet in these unsafe territories; the toneis only set with the presence of Henry's father: Pappy McAllan, abigoted racist played by Jonathan Banks and whom we suspect will actlike a ticking bomb. Henry buys a farm and Laura follows him,circumstances of life will force Florence to work for the McAllans, butas long as these two families mind their own business, so to speak,nothing seem ready to create conflicts. Except for what sets up thesecond act of the film, the second World War. The merit of "Mudbound"is to paint notable differences at first until you realize that the twofamilies have a lot more in common. This 'common denominator' is thecore of "Mudbound": the bond between the two veterans of each family:Henry's brother Jamie (Garrett Hedlund) and Ronsel Jackson (JasonMitchell). Here are two men who've seen hell in Europe, the things weexpect and that are not overplayed, but they also lived theexhilaration of liberating countries and discovering a fraternity thattranscends racial barriers."Mudbound" breaks a taboo seldom explored by the movies: thehypocritical treatment of Black soldiers. America takes pride forhaving liberated Europe but not to the point of questioning theinternal "prisons", and this is the concealed wound the film tries toheal. Ronsel is the most complex of all the characters because heembraced his country's idealism and couldn't believe he wouldn't berewarded for it. Jamie suffers from PTSD and finds in Ronsel the onlyman capable to understand him, "Mudbound" began like the stories of twowomen, Laura and Florence who were growing to understand each other, asort of "Color Purple" of the 2010's, directed by a woman and withenough narrative to play like a feminist hymn, but no, this is a movieabout two men, Ronsel and Jamie who grow to respect each other becausethey found in the mud of the battle-fight the universally human bond.You know what that movie truly reminded me of? "The Defiant Ones".The image that immediately comes to mind from that Stanley Kramer'smasterpiece of 1958 is Tony Curtis and Sidney Poitier as twoex-convicts chained together and escaping from the police. They hateeach other, they still carry some bits of racism but the first displayof solidarity happens when they're stuck in a deep pool of mud and mustclimb their way to the ground. Mud isn't just about dirt or aboutground but can be a powerful metaphor of something uniting two men, ametaphor for an even dirtier stuff, when "natural enemies" discoverthey're equally worthless when put in the same 'mud'... unless they tryto overcome it. "Mudbound" carries this image but it's less about 'mud'than it is about a color-blind "bound". The mud is either literal inthe film or represented by the trauma of war? and also the suffering ofwomen, while not the focus, "Mudbound" has a saying on that subject aswell."Mudbound" is a proof that Netflix is becoming a major contender in theyears to come, I don't know whether the film will meet with Oscarrecognition but there should be some love to the hauntingcinematography, the screenplay and Mary J. Blige should be a lock ifOctavia Spencer and Viola Davis won for what I believe are lessermovies.