This movie is based on graphics novel, and like any other movie basedon comic, I expected it to be uh- surprise- comical (Sin City, Dredd,Aeon Flux etc.). Turned out the action is even more realistic than SinCity, Kill-Bill or Dredd (though still less than Bournes or The Raids,for sure). When I saw a skinny, bruises Theronz, I immediately getimages of dedicated actress like Sigurney Weaver (Aliens 2) and LindaHamilton (Terminator 2) who worked out rigorously for their moviesequel they turned muscular, manly and physically strong, althoughagain, not to that extent, it's clear that Theronz also has got quite atraining and exercise for this movie.Actingwise is as good as you can expect from recognized Hollywoodstars. I'm not a fan of over-acting -ish of Mc Avoy, but in this moviehe was also quite good regarding to his character (David Percive).Sofia Boutella (Delphine Lasalle) was a bit out, but still acceptable.Story, with a bunch of strange names with their different interests andgoal introduced, it's like the movie expecting that you've alreadyknown them (or read the comics). This is the area when you might getlost in ambiguity, maybe second viewing (or subtitle if you into it)will help. Some clichés here and there, but not a stupid ones, or braininsulted coincidences. Actually taken for granted for an adult (not akid/teenager) materials, as long as director/script writer didn't makesloppy additions, which usually is stupid.The big blooper actually is the list itself, how can it be made up inthe first place? Well- maybe director of M16 and KGB had a crush withtheir shared 1st cousin-in-law who wrote it for fun.The main character (Lorraine Broughton) actually has a clear ultimategoal: to get the list of enemy (read: soviet/east-Germany) spies.The movie started with the scene of how her college agent (alsopresumed as her lover): Gascoigne, who had the list of double agents,was killed by Alex Bremovych, a Russian arms dealers/KGB Intel who planto sell that list to the highest bidder. In particular, included thatlist, is the real identity of most wanted double agent: Satchel, whohas leaked intelligence to Soviets for years.She then sent to Berlin to get the list and kill Satchel, with the helpof British agent in Berlin: David Percival. She was targeted to bekilled as soon as she arrived, of course. Along the way she make aromantic (lesbian) relationship with naive French agents: DelphiLasalle, also unexpected dangerous errand which nearly cost her life:she has to deliver a Stasi officer with photographic memory to thewest, code-name Spyglass, he's actually the original source of thelist. Found out later that David is a corrupt agent and suspected as the mainantagonist: Satchel. He planned Spyglass extraction, but actually tipped it off to KGB, whenLorraine come-up with improv plan preventing KGB to kill Spyglass, heshot Spyglass himself. He also killed Lasalle, but failed to destroythe hard evidence: photos taken by Lasalle about his betrayal (theevident ultimately get into Lorraine hands).It was not her original intent to screw up British' Berlin operativenetwork under David control. This movie mostly is about Lorrainereporting/answer the questioning about her mission to Berlin.A solid 7/10. +1 for being unexpectedly good/enjoyable.