I fell asleep during the movie.Maybe it was the cushy reclining movie chairs that did it but there wasreally no way to avoid how unbelievably boring this movie was.Plot holes, cinematic discrepancies, bad story connections, poorlydevised characters in which we don't even know who they are as if thewriters and producers make the assumption that we the audience know.This is a graphic novel adaptation of "The Coldest City". Perhaps theytook a few liberties with the source material as Hollywood always doesbut with this, at least give us some insight into who this Atomic Blondis and what she stands for and what she's about.It was supposed to be a spy drama that's got this girl-power attitude.It was gritty and that's the look they wanted to go for, then yea, ithas grit. But it's all due to the backdrop of the end of the Cold War.Shades of gray, blue and red light district red with hints of purpleand such all displayed within the fall of the Communism in Germany backin 1989. Probably the only redeeming character of the movie is the cityof Berlin itself but that's the only character worth noting if at all.All in all, this is a dud of a movie. Charlize Theron isn't convincingme of her being a BAMF. James MacAvoy comes across as the same oldtype-casted character, the super dramatic, overly emotive, Brit withfun one liners. Watch anything of him from Last King of Scottland toWanted to this and he's the same cookie cutter type character.Exaggerated emotions and super dramatic and it's the same old droll.I did fall asleep for about 10 minutes so I probably missed some plotpoints but here's the thing and you need to pick up on this... I FELLASLEEP!!!! If this was supposed to be an epic movie, it failed.Avoid. Save your ticket and popcorn money for something more productivelike pay your bills or something... do something else like mow yourlawn or finish your laundry load... do anything but see this moviebecause, if I feel asleep, then you will as well...Some people even left 40 minutes before the movie even ended that's howbad this was!!!!