It's rare my wife and I walk out of a movie, but after one hour andfifteen minutes of unrelenting violence, interrupted only by a coupleof minutes of lesbian sex, my wife finally declared herself unable tostomach more. I was only too happy to follow her lead. If I'd knownbefore I bought the tickets that Atomic Blonde was based on a graphicnovel (i.e. a comic book) I would never have gone - but it's billed asan Action Movie, a genre we enjoy. It's not. It's a childish procession of violence upon violence in which theheroine marches unidirectionally through a series of wastelands,assailed by an eternal parade of disposable goons, whom she dispatchesroutinely with bureaucratic disinterest in a variety of not especiallycreative ways. It's like watching a geeky friend play a long,self-absorbed game of space invaders; it loses its appeal after just afew seconds, and you start to wonder what's happening outside andwhether you should find some more fun people to hang out with. Even thesex scene is clearly there only to satisfy the starved lust of theteenaged boys this movie addresses. 'Let's take a break from the fauxkung fu and double handed pistol work, lads, here's a couple of hotnaked chicks! Oh no, it's bed time...'Atomic Blonde lacks the charm, humour and suspense of the classicaction movies, The Bourne Identity, the Best Bonds (Casino Royale,Goldfinger...), Die Hard, take your pick... If only it were heldtogether by some kind of story, some essence of danger, or an originalidea, or even one character for whom one could care, it might make adifference. Of course, there are none of the above. What's this 'List'they're all worked up about? Is it the same 'List' as in the firstMission Impossible? So why can't they make it fun like that one? Charlize Theron is a terrific actress and jaw-droppingly beautiful, butshe stalks through this movie stone-faced and bored and without asingle good line to make her interesting (in fact the dialogue overallis just awful). Every character is a stereotype, none of them original,and I cannot remember one single line - if there were any. Technically it's well shot, lit and equipped, but the Sin Cityatmosphere has been done before. The stunts are generally well done -but we've seen them all before. It is, I'm afraid, derivative rubbish.