Disclaimer: I saw this movie in a secret screening in Barcelona'sPhenomena theater. So i really didn't have any preconceived idea aboutit and i wanted to like it, but...Did i like the movie?Short answer: No, its pure crap, well its more like a really shinypolished turd, its very shiny in the outside, but still disgusting. Long answer (no spoilers): This movie is one of the laziest productionsi have seen this year, and boy, its wrong at so many levels:- The script is based on a graphic novel titled 'The coldest city'. Ihaven't read it, but i hope its better than this. The history trieshard to be twisted and convoluted to look smarter. What writers createdin reality is the most generic spy history that you could think about.The twists are obvious, the characters are poorly defined, almostridiculous, the dialogues feels out of place, trying to be smart butsounding hollow and superficial, bringing you out of the movie, plotmotivations are just insulting excuses, you don't care about the doubleagent and 'the list' after 10 minutes into the movie. I have read inone of the comments here that this movie is 'feminist', come on, Areyou kidding me?, this is the opposite of feminism, or maybe thecommentator thinks that being feminist means to be lesbian and manly,the representation of strong female characters in this movie is acomplete disaster full of stereotypes.- Insulting use of references: Don't use the name of Tarkovsky andStalker in vain! Its like having a reference of Citizen Kane in a Rambomovie, it just don't feel right.- Use of music: After the success of Guardians of the galaxy seem thateveryone wants to replicate the formula by including a nostalgicsoundtrack full of old hits. Here its annoying, every two minutes,before every scene, we have this little music clip, performing Bowie,Depeche Mode or a couple of creepy covers of ' 99 red balloons'. Thefirst and second time, its OK, after that its really annoying and its asign of laziness and lack of resources of the film. Directors, editors,JUST STOP doing this please, its not cool.- Action scenes: Probably the producers love movies like the ones inthe Jason Bourne franchise and the 2006 Bond's 'Casino Royale', theyalso most likely admire the work of Tarantino and Guy Richie, theythought that the long sequence shots of 'Children of the men' are supercool and ... you get it, right? They try to emulate all the nowadaystrendiest action movies, rough, physical violence, but they end upbeing dull, boring, foreseeable and ... arg i just don't care,spectator will be trapped between horrible dialogues and plot, andboring/cliché action scenes.- Smoke: They should allow smoking in theaters. At the movie ending iwas craving for a smoke, and you know what? i don't smoke!! There areso many scenes involving smoking and shot of cigarettes, that itsdifficult not to think about product placement. Talking about thistheory of tobacco industry marketing, also the length of the movieseems weird to me, its very long (115 minutes) but it feels longer (iwas praying for it to end), and that is a trend that we are keep seeingmore and more, and my theory is that this movie is targeted directlyfor the Chinese market. Lower income population in highly populatedareas of China seems to consider the cinema as a pure entertaining, andgoing to theater as a 'full day' activity, so movies should be 2h ormore in duration to be considered by the Chinese audiences, and ofcourse they want 'easy' and highly stylized action movies, what inother words is called, garbage. This is of course my opinion, but ithink that trying to market the blockbusters to the Chinese audiencesis damaging the quality of the movies, the 'Fast and furious' franchiseand this very movie are clear examples.