3 stars for the fluid direction, the setting, and the gorgeous outfits.The cinematography goes beautifully with the OST - a collection oforiginal and remixed new wave/dark wave 80s hits - which I reallyenjoyed. It's unfortunate that the director couldn't elevate the filminto something more sophisticated. Charlize Theron is stunning and has talent, but not even she could savethe mess of a script. Her character Lorraine's bland personality madethe plot even more cliché than it already was. Lorraine is thestereotype of a classic spy: cool, collected, and emotionless. 'I don'tshow emotion on my face because one day it'll get me killed'...you getthe picture. Obviously, that lack of vulnerability and greaterdimension makes for a very boring protagonist. Lorraine simply became avehicle to carry out the plot, not a person I could relate to, careabout, or even hate. By the latter half of the movie, I knew what toexpect: Lorraine dressed to the nines and fighting with a straightface, taking a shot of vodka, and then smoking alone in her room.That's about as much variety as we get. James McAvoy, her partner, isher male counterpart - though he enjoys saying 'fuck' twice as often asshe does, and his drink of choice is a shot of jack...Delphine,Lorraine's lesbian lover, is actually more interesting and likable thanLorraine herself. Unsurprisingly, the Lorraine/Delphine story line isgiven little to no depth and comes across as fan service. While I feel the director was going for sexy, sleek and mysterious,many key details were lost in translation. Rather than building on thecharacters and focusing more on delving into the story, like howSpyglass fits into the plot, the director shoves one GORY fight sceneafter another down our throats. If violence disturbs you, don't botherwith this one. I left the theater asking myself: why did I just sitthrough 2 hours of seeing people brutally strangled, violently stabbedin the head with a screwdriver, knifed repeatedly, bleeding out,stabbed in the face with keys, and shot at point blank with theirbrains all over the wall? The brutality left me uncomfortable at, andtimes, nauseated. I guess it's a matter of what you find personally entertaining. Butthis isn't an action flick I would call 'fun', not by a long shot.