Although Atomic Blonde has amazing visuals and good fight scenes, it'smissing something, a good story. Yes this movie is an action movie andit does it great, but the mystery and story is missing. This could havebeen a great movie if the story was on the same level as the visuals.Story: 4/10Agent Lorraine Broughton, an agent for MI6 is sent to investigate themurder of another MI6 agent in Berlin. She was also sent to get a listof agent spies. Simple story, not much about it. The problem I have isthat so many movies had the same plot, but did it better. This plot isconfusing to me because the writers didn't make it clear about it. Ididn't know why these people wanted to kill her. Maybe I wasn't payingenough attention to the story, rather than the visuals. The pacing isvery off, and I don't think this movie needs to be almost 2 hours long.Characters: 5/10Lorraine: I thought Lorraine was going to be a rather interestingcharacter with a deep past, but we don't get that. Instead of givingLorraine a past, we get to see her skills with fighting, and that's agood thing and a bad thing. David: I suppose David is a corrupt cop, I really don't know. We seethat David was supposed to help Lorraine get the list. But if there wassupposed to be a shock that David was corrupt, then they did a bad job.Delphine: Delphine is a mysterious character. She stalked Lorraine fora bit, then got in a relationship with her, then she helps her. Ireally don't understand why this character is even in the movie.Action: 10/10The action is by far the best part about this movie, it's so brutal andrealistic, like the movie Logan in a way. There is an overuse of blood,every time Lorraine shoots a guy, a gallon of blood goes shooting out.The action is a mixture of Jason Bourne and John Wick. Overall theaction makes the movie better with it's brutal realistic style.Atomic Blonde has great visuals and action scenes, but a weak story andcharacters. Atomic Blonde is like a mask if you think about it, whatyou see is what you get. Overall it could have been better.