Have you ever felt like you were the same as everybody else, but youwere also different from the world? 10-year-old Auggie Pullman willtell you that while he feels extraordinary on the inside, outside, hedoesn't feel like that. He feels lonely, invisible to everyone aroundhim. I guess, maybe we all feel like that sometimes. Maybe we'reoutsiders trying to leave a mark on the world, just like Auggie. Whichis why "Wonder" appeals to the underdogs in all of us. This beautifulbook, which came from the riveting and honest imagination of authorR.J. Palacio, has touched the lives of millions of readers of all ages(I'm one of those readers). Now, with the help of co-writer/directorStephen Chbosky (Author/screenwriter/director of one of my favoritetales, "The Perks of Being a Wallflower", Co-writer of Disney'sastonishing live-action remake of "Beauty and the Beast"), I can'timagine anyone, kid or adult, ever being disappointed with thisendearing adaptation of a beloved book that has great messages of neverjudging a person by their looks and to always choose kind, which issomething that we all need to learn from in this day and age. Withconvincing prosthetics and makeup that makes look nearlyunrecognizable, the wondrous Jacob Tremblay from "Room" and "The Bookof Henry" is brilliant as Auggie. He has Treacher-Collins Syndrome (acraniofacial disorder) and has survived 27 surgeries. After beinghome-schooled for half his life by his mom, Isabel (Julia Roberts.still luminous and radiant as ever), he is sent to public school forthe first time, with a little help from her, his dad, Nate (OwenWilson) and his sister, Via (Izabela Vidovic), who has always beenthere for him. As soon as he goes to school, he immediately gets pickedon and bullied because of his appearance. Some kids, including JackWill (Noah Jupe) and Summer (Millie Davis) accepts him for who he is.Even some of the staff, including English teacher, Mr. Browne (DaveedDiggs from "Hamilton") and the principal, Mr. Tushman (Mandy Patinkin)cares for him. But some, including bully Julian (Bryce Gheisar), don'tlike him. As the story progresses, we get to see the differentperspectives of each of the characters, family and friends, who willleave an impact in Auggie's life in moments that are good and bad. Onlythen, Auggie will unlock the power of acceptance and friendship inorder for him to truly find his place in the world. "Wonder" is atough-minded film that reminded so much of how I used to love theclassic family films I grew up with. A movie that doesn't dwell onspecial effects, talking animals or a big budget, but has deeperthoughts and real themes that enthralls the inner kid in all of us.It's moving, funny and tenderhearted in an authentic way that shows usthat we have to see through the eyes and soul of another person, ratherthan seeing what that person looks like. It also helps by having agreat writer/director and a terrific, well-chosen cast (includingpoignant turns from Danielle Rose Russell and Nadji Jeter, who playsVia's friend and first love, respectfully and a brief cameo from SoniaBraga as the Pullmans' grandmother) who care for this story that itnever goes over the top with the emotions and it never goes down aconventional, melodramatic and saccharine path. Every moment of emotionfits like a puzzle and convincingly flows in every scene. Auggie said,"We all deserve a standing ovation at least once in our lives." I say,we should all give a standing ovation to both book and movie of"Wonder", because like its characters that gets their moments of purehumanity and, of course, dear little Auggie, this story is a wonder. Iwill never forget this movie and I hope that families around the worldwho have always wanted to stand out from the crowd, no matter howdifferent they are, will do the same.