I went to see this movie this morning on the basis of a very positivereview in the local paper. (I'm 66, so without such a review I wouldhave assumed it was best left to children and their parents.) It is awell-made movie. Jacob Tremblay, who plays the cruelly-disfigured boy,is indeed wonderful, and Julia Roberts, who has filmed such a widevariety of roles so well, is not far behind him. Everyone in the moviedoes a fine job. Owen Wilson's portrayal of the father reminded me ofthe child dad in the comic strip *Sally Forth*. If that's the moderndad, I can only say we've come a long ways since I was a child.I can't look at this movie as a fifth-grader would; it's been too longfor me to remember what it felt like to be 10 years old, and I suspecttoday's 10 year olds look at things very differently than I and myfriends did 55 years ago. If you were ever made fun of at that agebecause of something that made you different, I suspect that this moviewill awaken some of the pain you felt back then, however, no matter howlong ago it has been. Most of the children are very cruel, at leastuntil the not very believable end. Children do not have the defense mechanisms that adults learn to shieldthemselves from others' cruelty, so it really hurts. Part of learningto deflect such cruelty is to hide its effect on us, as Auggie tries todo. I suspect that just buries it somewhere in our subconsciousmemories so that it can pop out at odd moments for the rest of ourlives. A sequel showing Auggie as an adult who has undergone yet morefacial surgery and now has a "normal" face but still the internal,hidden scars could make for an interesting follow up.This story takes place in the world of the very privileged, the wealthyin New York City who can afford to send their children to expensiveprep schools. That adds a dimension to the meanness. These childrenmust all have well-educated parents and come from homes that affordthem the best that material life has to offer. (As we see in the caseof Miranda, material comfort does not guarantee happiness.) That theyare still so mean to Auggie speaks volumes about what a collegeeducation does not necessarily provide. We see that especially when we have the misfortune to meet Julian'sparents. As cruel as he is to Auggie, we can dismiss it as the actionsof a child. When we see that his parents are equally hateful, we cannotdismiss it at all, and can only wonder that Julian is anything lessthan a monster. (His "I"m sorry" in his last scene does not ring at alltrue.) It was clever casting to make his father so handsome. All thatmore striking to see that someone so ugly inside can be hiding behindsuch an attractive exterior.This left me wondering how much worse life would have been for a childlike Auggie who attended a public school in a less-than- prosperousneighborhood. That would have made for a very different movie, Isuspect, and one that would have been far more painful to watch.There are all sorts of nits one could pick with the script. Thechildren sometimes speak very maturely for 10 year olds. Miranda's"backstory" tries to redeem her, but does not really explain why shegoes from being Via's best friend to completely ignoring her. Thesudden turn-around of the rest of the student body is also leftunexplained.Certainly this is a good movie to take children, who will not worryabout such issues, to see. It teaches important lessons. Will they belearned by every child who sees it? That will all depend on the worldin which he/she lives after leaving the theater. No movie can make upfor prejudice inculcated at home and on the playground.