"Wonder" is a touching story about August "Auggie" Pullman who is bornwith a genetic disorder that required numerous surgeries to enable tohim to function, not to mention is facial disfigurement. Auggie is a sweet boy who has a loving family who don't treat him anydifferently, especially his mother (beautifully played by JuliaRoberts). While he is home-schooled for most of his life, she finallydecides that it's time for him to go to school, much to the initialdismay of his father (Owen Wilson) who is fearful about how he might betreated. Auggie also has a loving, but lonely sister, Via (incredibleperformance by Izabela Vidovic) who adores her brother but findsherself feeling like she's on the sidelines of the family due to theattention her parents give Auggie.Of course, much of the story is about Auggie integrating into schooland the challenges he faces, especially socially. While it works verywell, we are given some somewhat "cliched" characters here. We have thebully who can only make fun of him. We have the sweet girl (Summer) wholikes him but is initially afraid to show it, and we have the boy whois a friend but is peer-pressured into hurting Auggie. The triumph of the performances really must go to Jacob Tremblay(Auggie) and Izabela Vidovic. Both of these actors have bright futuresahead of them. The film is touching and it interestingly enough, decides to use muchof the story to share the perspectives of the main characters, tellingthe story from their points of view. While this was a good way to delveinto the mindsets of these characters, and give us some depth as far asthey are concerned, the movie ends up missing out on a goldenopportunity.It seems that most filmmakers these days are trying to tell touchingstories without becoming overly sentimental or being bogged down inmelodrama. It is a fine line, but when you are afraid of delvingdeeper, you risk leaving your story too much on the surface. The movie would have been much stronger had they focused on Auggieentirely, and leave the exploration of the other characters to functionand grow through their interactions with him. I found himself wantingmore Auggie! I wanted deeper situations with his family, his friends,and the trials and tribulations of integrating into a middle schoolenvironment. Movies that do this well are movies that audiences end upcheering for. Still, the movie works, for the most part, and it should be a "must-see" for anyone who has been bullied or anyone who has been a bully.Most people still don't get how truly terrible and horrific bullyingis.