I thought I had seen it all when it came to bad comic book movies - from the clumsiness of the Sam Raimi "Spiderman" films to the raging dumpster fire that is "Batman & Robin". Then I saw "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" and got a rude awakening: I had no idea just how bad a movie in the caped avenger genre could be. I didn't know a movie of any kind could be this bad. Everything about "Batman v. Superman" is awful. The story is so busy and overstuffed with characters that, in the end, it's hard to remember what it's about. The fight scenes are bloody and loud without being exciting, mistaking violence and noise for thrills. Worst of all, it's no fun; there's not one single moment of excitement or adventure in two and a half very long hours. I walked out of the theater dazed and upset, as if I had just been mugged. This movie actually ruined my night.The plot is almost impossible to follow, let alone recap, but I'll try. Batman (Ben Affleck) and Superman (Henry Cavill) become enemies for reasons that are never clear. They reluctantly join forces after Lex Luthor (Jesse Eisenberg) unleashes a Kryptonite monster and threatens to kill Lois Lane (Amy Adams) if the two heroes don't fight each other, which will help him take over Gotham City... or something. And then Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot) shows up out of nowhere for a loud, bloody and utterly pointless climactic battle.Yes, this movie is confusing. Very confusing. But that's not even its biggest problem. The worst thing about this movie is that it's no fun at all. The pace is leaden, the "realism" is just boring - there's a scene with a Senate hearing on C-Span, for God's sake - and the characters look perfectly miserable to be there. Who could blame them?I have never seen comic book characters enjoy themselves less. Affleck and Cavill treat being a superhero as if it's a burden, not an adventure; they frown, grimace and speak with long, tortured pauses, as if they are playing the lead in a high school theater production of "Hamlet". Adams and Gadot aren't given a whole lot to do, but while they're doing it they manage to look as if they're waiting in line at the DMV. Even Eisenberg's giggly, hyperactive Lex Luthor smacks of desperation; he mugs for the camera like an ignored middle child acting out to get attention.A comic book movie without fun is the definition of failure. Comic books are not Greek tragedy. They are stories designed for children, and children at heart. It's in vogue these days to make "dark and gritty" superhero movies, and it can be done well, as in Christopher Nolan's "Dark Knight" trilogy. But those movies worked because they balanced darkness with excitement, grit with joy. They had the kind of magic that lets the 10-year-olds who live within even the most hardened adults out to play. There is no joy in "Batman vs Superman". It doesn't know what magic is. It's the only superhero movie I've ever seen that made me sad.