There may be a few Spoilers in this though honestly as I went a littlestream of consciousness I just wanted to add this warning to be safe.Finally saw BvS over the weekend.While not as terrible as Fant4stic, BvS was not a good movie. They'vetaken the light of the DC universe, Superman, and made him into a mopeyteenager with daddy issues. He was Anakin from Episode 2. Snyder hastaken the light and joy out of the sun god from Smallville and replacedit with dim and brooding.Batman, while I have nothing against Afleck portraying him, I do takeissue with the direction this incarnation has taken. The worldsgreatest detective didn't know who Superman's mom was? He is so selfabsorbed that he's developed tunnel vision and ignores the most obviousof threats and manipulations because they feed into his need to getrevenge on the wrong person? He is a bull in a china shop manhandlinghis way through the night incapable of deductive reasoning and insteadreliant on his fists to solve his problems, and not even with any styleor subtlety, but instead with overwhelming force. I hope in the solomovie they give it to Afleck to direct himself. Then at least thecharacter introspection will be a bit more honest and believable andless heavy handed. Seriously, did they need to focus on and then repeatmultiple times the batman origin story? Why not instead focus on the next catalyzing phase in which Batmanbecomes okay with going full Bernthal Punisher on the criminal element.Murder, physical torture, massive destruction without the least bit ofconcern, how about a little more focus on the events leading up to thatBatman instead of retreading the second most repeated origin story incomic books. Alfred, who was one of the brighter spots of the movie,could have even said something to give better light and then maybe theycould have cut out a couple of those repeated "Martha" flashbacks orslow walks through over grown fields or decaying mansions.Psychotic Luther is still too weird to be a real thing. Eisenberg couldhave portrayed Luther as a cold sociopath with grand ambitions andplans to lay waste to the two heroes and instead there was nothing buta directionless haphazard slopping together of several villainarchetypes without concern for motivation or story. It is a discreditto both Eisenbergs abilities and to Luther's legacy that he is insteadan insane madman. Nothing about the character feels real or consistent.It's as though Snyder had never read or seen anything about Lex andjust wanted it to be the Joker with money. The brightest spot for me was Wonder Woman, though she is neverreferred to as such, but for some reason Luther has a file on her withher most recognizable emblem. I mean really it all feels so lazy and sosloppy. The smile she gives while fighting Doomsday was one of maybefour smiles I can remember throughout the entire film, including thebathtub scene and that one I can only assume they are smiling. WonderWoman's though felt real. Like she was actually enjoying the challengethat Doomsday presented. To me, it was the only honest portrayal of acharacter in the film everyone else felt wrong. Batman ignored factsand couldn't begin to deduce Superman was mopey and depressed, andLuther was psychotic instead of a sociopath. Lois I can't say much about because she was only important as to howshe related to Superman. At least in MoS she had her own goals andambitions. She was herself important. In BvS her only role is that ofdamsel in distress. This was probably one of the most insulting andblatantly misogynistic portrayals of Lois Lane ever. As I think moreabout her character. It really is sad how she has been treated. BothAmy Adams and Lois deserved better than the treatment they got here. In short... too late I suppose, this movie made me a little sad. I washopeful, and I still am for some of it, but overall this film lacked intoo many areas to give me a good impression of the developing DCCU.