Superman and Batman are my two favorite superheroes. I've always had aspecial affinity for their characters and an interest in theirrespective universes. As such, I awaited their first theatrical team-uplike a kid on Christmas Eve. And like presents under the tree, Batmanv. Superman: Dawn of Justice is a colorful and exciting assortment,showcasing DC's most popular heroes in a big, bombastic romp thatpinballs from character to character and plot line to plot line withreckless abandon. This movie is not a world-class lesson in narrative.However, as a fan of these characters, I was hooked the whole waythrough.It is understandable why the critics haven't been very kind to thisfilm. It doesn't play by the rules. None of the characters are givenenough time to be developed, there isn't a focused threat, and thestory doesn't follow a linear path at all. Instead Batman v. Supermanjumps from dramatic story lines to huge action scenes to personalcharacter moments and writers David S. Goyer and Chris Terrio weavethem all together with the grace of a bulldozer. When looking at itthrough a critic's lens, the movie doesn't hold up, but those with evena faint interest in the DC universe will not care in the slightestabout the narrative clumsiness. I was consistently excited about thenext big revelation or the next crazy action scene waiting just aroundthe corner. The main thread of the story, if there is one, centersaround Batman and Lex Luthor's respective quests to stop Superman, whohas become a polarizing figure around the world, from turning onhumanity. Of course there are plenty of side stories featuring AmyAdam's Lois Lane in a globe- trotting mystery, Holly Hunter as aKentucky senator leading the trial against Superman, and Gal Gadot'sWonder Woman as she pieces together the origins of the Justice League. The two titular characters may be controversial to some hardcore fans;This Batman is extremely brutal, and he even "indirectly" kills withregularity. Superman doesn't fare much differently. He's a much morebrooding character than some are used to, and the film plays up hisGod-like status a lot. While these aren't my ideal versions of thecharacters, I did enjoy seeing a slightly different take on them. BenAffleck and Henry Cavill do just fine in their roles, even thoughneither has enough screen time to truly develop. Affleck nails thetired, broken down Bruce Wayne, and Cavill is surprisingly effective inthe few introspective moments he has. I can say definitively, bothBatman and Superman pass this fan's eye test.Where this movie really shines however, is in the action and visuals. Iwas actually somewhat surprised that this film looked so good. I wasnot a fan of the cinematography in Man of Steel; with the extremeclose-ups, shaky cam, and washed out color, it looked like a bad TVcommercial. Visually, Zack Snyder and company take a giant leap forwardin this sequel. Snyder's signature comic book style comes out in fullforce. The action scenes are beautifully shot, playing out like aseries of full page splashes in motion. The titular battle inparticular is absolutely jaw-dropping and worth the price of admissionalone. In fact, the entire film is an audio visual feast, especiallyfor comic book fans. The style Snyder infuses into every single framemakes it the most visually astounding comic book movie since Spider-Man2. It's the type of epic, dynamic, at times stunning sensory experiencethat has made Zack Snyder a household name among blockbusterfilmmakers. The rich, engaging visual flair also helps to differentiatethe film from the bland, TV show look of Marvel's movies.In the end, Batman v. Superman is an absolute behemoth of a film. Itthrows the kitchen sink into everything for better or worse. On the onehand, the story is jam-packed with all kinds of subplots and secondarycharacters, to the point where the casual viewer may very well becompletely lost by the end. On the other hand, the movie is drippingwith style and action. I thoroughly enjoyed this beast of a film, andeven though I still don't know how I feel about it's controversialending, I have to recommend it. If you are a fan of DC's two mostpopular superheroes, you owe it to yourself to give this one a shot.82/100