Spoiler alert!!Please stop reading if you want to see the movie without spoilers.Went to see this expecting to see the characters i had followed in thecomics growing up.The only positive thing i have to say about this movie is that thevisual effects were good and the costumes were authentic.The biggest worry i had coming in was Ben affleck's "acting". I'lladmit i'm not a fan of the man but he really threw himself into thephysicality of the role. He looks like he could do all the physicalstuff batman does. Be it throwing bad guys around to standing like aGotham city statue. Unfortunately, despite how hard he's trying, theversion of batman/Bruce Wayne he is playing is so heavily influenced byfrank millers "the dark knight returns" mini-series that anyone whodoesn't already know about millers version will find it all butunrecognisable.Henry cavill spends more time trying to establish superman as a hero ofdeeds and reporter Clark Kent as a man of principles, only to be shotdown by Laurence fishburne's perry white who all but states that thecore of what Clark Kent believes has no place in this day and age. Ifound this to be both insulting and a cheap shot at a character thathas endured since 1938.Gal gadot did what she could with what she had. Which wasn't much. Likeaffleck and cavill she physically fits the role. But her part wasrelegated to that of a cameo appearance. While the outfit isn't thetraditional red, gold and blue of the comics and is clearly influencedby "xena warrior princess" she clearly had training with the weaponsshe uses.Jesse eisenberg as lex luthor is a complete waste of film. Thecharacter is lex luthor in name only. For all eisenberg's skill as anactor, his version of lex somehow manages to walk and talk withoutanyone noticing he is a barely functioning lunatic. I honestly wonderedif eisenberg thought he was playing the joker and nobody told him.Amy Adams as Lois lane continues to grow on me. Like with affleck iadmit i'm not a fan and i honestly wondered why she was cast in therole for "man of steel" but her performance in both films wasimpressive. Showing both quiet strength and unflinching determinationwhile not being annoying loud and flashy like some of the other Loislanes.The storyline unfortunately is weak, jumping from scene to scene, be itdream sequences, flashbacks, or shameless promoting for the upcoming DCmovies. The reason for the fight between batman and superman is so thinit is childish. A certain amount of suspending disbelief is required.But in a cinematic world where superman took on a squad of kryptoniansand won, the fact one man thinks he can take him on and succeed islaughable. The fact lex luthor can somehow take control of an aliena.i. is practically glossed over. As for the fact that he can somehowcreate doomsday using a corpse, his own blood and a damaged ship issuch a week plot device that i honestly wonder about the quality of theso-called professional writers.The dialogue is cut short in some places, needlessly long in others.References are made to events that aren't explained and given nocontext. The music score doesn't seem to fit the movie it was meant for. Frankly this is a film made by the fans for the fans. If you are new tothe franchise and expecting a sequel to "man of steel" and you don'talready know about DC comics this film won't make any sense to you.