It's all sunshine and flowers when you take a out of context situationsto explain a disconnected movie. One of the major issues of this moviethat some people tries to makes sense of it is the fact that Batmankills. He shoots people, he stabs people, he brands people... ThisBatman is such a lunatic that he even uses a SPEAR to KILL superman incold-blood. But some people tries to make sense of this aberration, thenatural explanation can be interpreted following the Alfred's dialogue:"That's how it starts, sir. The fever, the rage, the feeling ofpowerlessness that turns good men... cruel." As the whole movie goes,the Alfred dialogue was completely cut out dry. No explanation, nocontinuation, no connection... Nothing. It was just a scene pastedthere, wasted. It's the same excuse of people trying to defend LexLuthor. "He was being controlled by Darkseid, blablabla". Where themovie shows any of that? If even a fan like myself and presumably mostpeople here on this board section are fans as well... Even for a fanthis movie is confusing and stupid, imagine a average moviegoer tryingto watch this? Imagine a 13 years old kid watching this piece ofgarbage? And the public is the one to blame? The public don'tunderstand the "complexity of Zack Snyder"? Die-hard fans clearly lovesthis, etc OOOhhh the fans! DC fanatics thinks that this movie has beenmade for them. This movie has been made to completely DEFILED andVIOLATE iconic characters.Fans noticed the "Injustice" nod, the Crisis on Infinite Earthsreference, the DKR heavy influence (with doesn't make any sense) and soon. In DKR, the motivations were clear, the world in that comic wasfundamentally changed, a world dominated by totalitarianism. Batman wasfighting against the system, he had all the motivations to kill peopleon that reality (even so, he doesn't kill). The reality of BvS is notoppressive, the world is not a hellhole, Batman has no reason to kill.In DKR, Batman was never formally accused of murdering people, thecommissioner never states that he killed the thugs. In the batmobile,he shoots people with rubber bullets. He even break a gun, Batmanplainly states that killing the Mutant Leader would cross a line. Jokerkilled himself, Batman can't bring himself to kill his arch-nemesis.The Joker even mocks him over it and then seals Batman's fate in theview of the public by twisting his own spine, killing himself in such away that makes it look as if the Dark Knight did it. Even on adystopian future, Batman stayed true to his core personality! Anotherexample... The version of Batman in the Arkham game series has such astrong moral compass that he even tries to SAVE his own enemies. Snyderdon't understand the character, he simply violated the crucialpersonality of the character. You can't just use imagery of a knowcomic for nothing, without the proper context, without buildinganything! This is not a "thinker man" kind of film, this film is just dumb andstupid. The editing is beyond awful. And Snyder apologists can't evenbe serious when they tries to defend this, some even throws otherprofessionals under the buss. Snyder is the one responsible, he is thedirector for Christ sake! How can you release this movie without properexplaining Batman motivations, Luthor motivations, etc? As a matter offact, no character in this mess have any kind of motivation. It's notthe editor fault, the director compelled more than 3 hours of film andyou people think the editor could perform a miracle to make sense ofall this? This movie is completely broken. The DC fan have to endure ahopeless Superman and a Batman who murder people. The average fan haveto withstand more than 2 hours of joyless boredom to watch a cartoonishfight at the end. It doesn't appeal for any potential targetaudience...Critics are being kind with this movie. Summing up: This is just visualnoise with the names of "Batman" and "Superman" in the title to foolthe audience. Avoid this atrocity if you can, the negative aspectseasily out-weights the positives.