After my rant at the god-awful at Star Wars wasn't published on 3separate occasions by IMDb then I get the feeling Batman/Superman will.Right? The spoiler of this film has been set years and years ago andthose are the morons who paid money for the laughably bad, 300,Watchmen and Sucker Punch etc. Yep it is you morons who put any moneyinto this idiot's pocket that set this crap to be made.Don't get me wrong, I'm not a fan-boy or any such, I just takeexception to talentless work. I'll happily make a better film fromscratch, if this idiot is never allowed to make another film but you'llhave to pay me well then never, ever darken my door again.This film is pathetic on all levels, seriously and the casting is a bigone. I'm a fan of some of Affleck's films being the Town, Gone Girl andChasing Amy but this was a miscast of grand proportions. I think he'sbeing screwed over by his agent, masters or whatever. Cavill is justnot a good actor and any talk of Bond is laughable. Jesse Eisenberg canonly play Jesse Eisenberg but hey, he'll do well in a zombieapocalypse, if nothing else. Probably the best actor here is Amy Adamswho can actually, well, act.The fight scenes are atrocious, with some of the worst choreographyI've seen outside of some crappy martial arts films. Batman's fight inthe desert, possibly, being the worst I've seen.Whoever was in the armour was so slow, so physically incompetent (if itwas Affleck then dude you were awful), you could see some of the stuntperformers lifting their legs to be swept before the hit was made, orleaning away so they could throw themselves with the punch, which madeBM look even worse, as it accentuated the lack of finesse in, we'll sayAffleck's, physical coordination.Finally and possibly the most irritating part of this rubbish, for me,only adding to the complete failure of this film was the........musicalscore.Whoever put this together has no clue, literally no clue. There werepractically no non-musical parts to a two and a half hour film.Alternating between high energy finger-wrecking, string movements andBWAAAAAAAAHHHHs. Mostly when nothing or very little was happening, forTWO AND A HALF HOURS!!!! Just clueless, talentless, turgid dross by afool who's mammy and daddy need a slap for telling him he's special. Iwanted to leave, after tolerating an hour, but I was surrounded bymasochists whose turns it was to drive. Who, also hated it, moanedthroughout but could not get off their arses.To sum this crap up I'd liken it to a goodish looking, cheese sandwich,without the bread. Don't be fooled to think that it might not be thatbad we mustn't forget the oh so amateurish musical score.I saw the main cast doing a PR round on Graham Norton and they,especially Affleck, looked hesitant, even apologetic when going throughtheir PR lines.You make this film if you have no talent but most of all no soul.Literally, no soul.