Combine a muddled story, cheesy acting, gratuitous special effects,canned violence, and an inept script, and what you have is this movie.Unintended laughter abounds as the Bat and the Man of Steel square offfor reasons that only a Hollywood script writer testing the limits ofcredulity could concoct. Replete with numerous defects, which, amongits many flaws, includes a massive and transparent rip off of theconclusion of the King Kong story (albeit with unintended amusingresults), the movie struggles to try to pass itself off as seriousentertainment. Yet the story is so goofy that after a while it can'thelp but provoke laughter. That Ben Affleck is able to deliver hislines without breaking into laughter is alone worthy of accolades tohis power of self-control. As the movie goes on, and it's a long movie,one soon wishes that Adam West would enter to inject at least a smallmodicum of class into this messy production. Jesse Eisenberg plays LexLuthor in one of Hollywood's more egregious, albeit hilarious, examplesof miscasting. Yet, the star of the show is Henry Cavil whose cheesy,leaden performance as Superman borders on the ridiculous. WheneverSuperman enters the scene it is sure signal that something inane willsoon follow. In the middle of the fight scene, for instance, bothheroes discover that both of their mothers are named Martha. Why thisbit of trite is important to the story will not be revealed here.However, this revelation marks the height of drama achieved by thismovie. What makes this movie especially noteworthy, however, is how itsucceeds in reducing not one but two American comic book icons fromheroes to buffoons and achieves this with little effort. Now THAT is anaccomplishment. Why laugh only at one super hero when you can laugh attwo? Of the two, the one who is more inane is Batman. Without Alfred,there can be no Batman. Superman at least has an excuse - he's nothuman, so we really can't expect that much from him. If you areexpecting a serious drama involving two troubled super heroes, then youwill be sorely disappointed. But if you like poorly made movies withquirky lines, stagy acting and cartoon-like special effects, then thisproduction will prove immensely satisfying.