SPOILER ALERT !!! (Funny how there can still be such a thing when themovie is already spoiled to begin with)This movie was marketed to patrons of all ages but only appeals to ages12 or younger. My top 8 reasons (in no discernible order) to avoid seeing this movieand save 2 1/2 hours of your life...Don't do it!1. Amy Adams/ Lois Lane - Wow! what a terribly written part for thischaracter...Clueless and painfully unaffected by everything going onaround her... I speak for all true Superman fans when I say, MargotKidder, eat your heart out baby!2. The opening sequence - Bat boy Bruce Wayne sees his parents killedat gunpoint....AGAIN! Why must we always have to be spoon-fed theorigin of this character in every damn movie. The psychotic flashbacksfrom his past will likely be thrown in later on in the movie and canallude to the dark knights brooding demeanor just fine, thank you.3, Zack (rhymes with HACK!) Snyder/ The Director - The slow motionscenes used in this movie are such a desperate contrivance. Hissignature trademark only lends to extending the run time of the movie(ad-nauseum) and slows the pacing down (or lack thereof) to a completestand still at times. There's slo mo used during the funeralscene...'NUFF SAID!4. Confusion - Early scenes will attempt to confuse the viewer(successfully) in order to tie together several gaping plot holes(unsuccessfully). The problem here is you can see these outcomes cominga mile away. The viewer is left feeling patronized and a lack of adecent script becomes evident, as a result.5. Jeremy Irons/ Alfred the butler - Holy cow man! This guy has beenmailing it in for the better part of 2 decades (since Die Hard with aVengeance). It seems the studio financiers felt the need to strengthenthe budget here by slashing the Morgan Freeman and Michael Cainesalaries allowing the 2 characters to morph into one, contemptibleperformance by a British actor with some real acting "chops"6. Jesse Eisenberg/ Lex Luthor - Wins the award for all time bestover-acting a comic book villain since Willem Dafoe played the GreenGoblin. After this heinous acting performance by Eisenberg, I ambeginning to think Heath Ledger raised the bar too high for this newgeneration of Hollywood soft, pretentious pretty boy actors. 7. THE MAIN PLOT OBLITERATED BY.... Their MOTHERS HAVE THE SAME FIRSTNAME- 2 hours of very thin plot will be totally obliterated by Batmanin a scene so horribly painful. The very premise from the start isBatman going after Superman. When the audience finally arrives at thiscrucial moment, The Batman is going to end The Superman and get what heso painfully wanted the whole time...AND what happens next?unfortunately it goes down like this, I kid you not! Superman saysMartha!, his mothers name and Batman says WHAT! WHY did you say thatname, Martha!, that's my moms name!, and then Superman says MARTHA!HEY! that's my moms name! and then they cry and hug each other andbecome best of friends the rest of the movie!8. LAST BUT NOT LEAST - BEN AFFLECK/ BATMAN WOW WOW WOW ...Val Kilmerand George Clooney are breathing a collective sigh of relief afterseeing this pile of steroid garbage take on the role of Batman. Yesafter 2 long decades the monkey has been removed off of theirbacks...The worst possible Batman performance in history award can nowbe owned solely by Mr. Ben Affleck...Did anyone ever doubt him???