I mean, there is action. 10 minutes at the start, an occasional momentscattered here and there and a rather nicely done sequence at the end.However, in order to see those moments, you have to suffer (and Ireally use that word deliberately here) through another two hours ofthe most forced plot, the most contrived setups and some of the mostcringe-inducing dialogue imaginable.But first, the good things. Affleck as Batman is pretty believable.Certainly he is one of the highlights of the movie. Cavill, almostseems boring by comparison, but he is a serviceable Superman. Gal Gadotsurprised me as Wonder Woman, but her portrayal of her alter-ego DianaPrince was less enjoyable. And....that's about it really. Other than tosay the effects and cinematography were all top notch and the actionscenes were well done.With the given title, you might be forgiven for thinking that the moviecentres on a conflict between between the two heroes, which ultimatelyresolves itself into the beginnings of the Justice League.Well, whilst the latter certainly does appear - literally in the lastfew minutes of the film - the former is woefully mishandled.The story is childishly written, poorly edited together, and serves todo nothing but make you think of both of these iconic heroes as littlemore than surly teenagers, angry at some imagined slight.This isn't Batman and it isn't Superman. It's some ill-conceivedattempt to make them gritty and edgy. And it fails badly.However, the two heroes are not the worst served of the franchisecharacters here.Lois Lane's character becomes little more than a "princess in thetower" trope in this movie, repeatedly requiring Superman to rescue herand then making doe eyes at him (as if Amy Adams could ever make anyother sort of eyes). I am genuinely surprised the feminist movementhasn't pounced on this, as it is just the kind of stereotyping thatdeserves such attack. It makes Lois Lane little more than a walkingplot device, there only to get Superman to one location or another bydint of her uselessness.Then, of course, there is Lex Luthor. Wow! Talk about miscasting! Notthat I blame Jesse Eisenberg here. No doubt he put his spin on thecharacter from the script he was given, but his clownish, over the top,performance would not be out of place in Batman and Robin. Did ZackSnyder really direct him to do this? If so, then that is where thefault lies. Otherwise, Jesse has the idea that he is acting in analtogether different decade of superhero movie than everyone else.Speaking of Zack Snyder... There are his usual trademarks here...slow-motion (mostly used badly here and only serving to drag out thelength of the movie); dream sequences (which are mostly useless paddingthat you could do without and so badly edited in that if you blink youwon't have any idea what is going on for a few moments). Zack alsotries to give an almost art-house feel to the movie at points, butlacks the necessary skills to do it convincingly. As a result, it justfeels as awkward and contrived as most of the rest of the movie.I really have grave reservations about the whole Justice League thingnow. Snyder is directing both of those and has a hand in the writingtoo. I don't think it is going to end well.Overall, the movie is an interminable mess, made worse by the ludicrousrun-time. If this was a series and not a film, this would be the fillerepisode.I'm not sure how this got to release in its current format. Were thereno test screenings? Did no one say "You know, it's kind of boring mostof the time." Or were they all just wowed by the final action scenesand decided to be lenient on the questionnaires at the end. Or maybethose response forms were badly crafted and simply didn't have therequisite "How many times did you fall asleep during the movie?"multi-choice tick box questions that it should have had.Either way, it's one of the weakest superhero movies I've seen for along time. If you don't believe me, then I'll just add this finalthought: I enjoyed the Fantastic Four more than I did this movie!Finally, a public service notice...TIP FOR HOW TO VIEW THIS MOVIE: Watch the first ten minutes or so, thenmake up any reason you like in your head for why Batman and Supermanare enemies (trust me, whatever you come up with will be better thanwhat is actually here, and will likely be less ridiculous). Then fastforward to the one hour thirty minute mark and watch the remainder ofthe movie. Voila! You just turned a bloated two and a half hoursnooze-fest into a one hour action movie.SUMMARY: Dull and tedious for much of its run-time. Contrived plot,badly served characterisations and a level of bloat that will have youreaching for the Tums bottle.