I didn't see the film in the theaters and just bought the "ExtendedEdition " on Amazon. I never properly saw Man of Steel- i think Irented it and watched it when already exhausted and fell asleep. I sawthe mediocre user reviews and horrible reviews from critics of thisfilm.They really have it wrong. This is the very best either Batman orSuperman. It has a different take, on things. Much darker then earlierfilms even darker then the Christopher Nolan Batman films.First of all Christopher Nolan is an Executive Producer. So how badcould it be? I loved Sucker Punch and Zack Snyder was involved withthat. So how bad could this be? Hans Zimmer did the music, so how badcould it be?I remember watching the old Superman TV shows and reading the Supermanand Batman comics as a little kid and loved them, but i wouldn't callmyself a "fan boy" of comic universes, like so many younger peopletoday. As an older adult I will admit my favorite TV show of all timewas Buffy the Vampire Slayer, but watched it on DVD only after it hadfinished. I saw the second of the Dark Knight series in the theater,but the other two, I watched on DVD. They were great, but not myfavorite films like so many people. i also loved the first coupleSuperman and Batman films in the older series. Regardless, i was notwaiting with baited breath to see Man of Steel or this one.I'm more of a serious film fan, who can watch Stanley Kubrick filmsover and over and my favorite films in the last twenty years, are EyesWide Shut and Intersteller, both of which i've watched multiple times.So, with that said, take it from me, the critics have this film verywrong, just as critics hated 2001: A Space Odyssey when it first cameout. This film will have lasting appreciation.Surprised how much I liked Ben Afleck's Batman. it was hard to get intoHenry Cavil's scrawnier looking Superman, but it grew on me. Amy Adamswas great as Lois Lane, The Gal Gadol Wonder Women was amazing. LexLuther was terrific, like Nolan's Joker. Jeremy Irons was the bestAlfred ever. Holly Hunter and Diane Lane was good too. The movie had bad reviews but made a billion dollars. Hopefullyeveryone buys the Ultimate Edition and it breaks sales records and thefilm is re-appreciated. I have no idea what scenes this UltimateEdition added, but it is pretty perfect. Now I can't wait for WonderWoman and the Justice League and as soon as I finish writing this amgoing to watch Man of Steal. I'm into it now!I can only surmise that the bad reviews stem from too much expectationsof the rigid fan boy types and the radical changes in tone, we see inthis film.Total masterpiece of cinema, but I have a few criticisms. There are afew hollow scenes of typical Idiot cops and authorities gettingeverything wrong in a cliché type way and it has a few filler scenes ofthat type and a few moments here and there that felt rushed and cheesy.Maybe not everything restored into the Ultimate Edition should havebeen. I wish there had been more Kevin Costner scenes.