I've never seen a Superman movie. I never saw Man of Steel, I never sawSuperman Returns, I never saw The Quest for Peace (thankfully), but Iknow enough about Superman's backstory to get a feel for the character.I absolutely love Batman, I've seen all of the 80/90s film and I lovethem all, with one obvious exception. After seeing a pretty impressivetrailer for the film, I decided to head up to the local cinema to seethe latest work of DC Comics, I really wish I hadn't bothered.I don't understand who looked at this script and said, "yeah, that's agood idea". Batman vs Superman for me was 150 minutes of guessing theplot, cringing at the horrible CGI, shaking my head at the terribledialogue and waiting impatiently for that beautiful moment where thelist of names began scrolling up on the screen.So, the big spectacle we all wanted to see, the rivalry between Batmanand Superman, is only there because the name of the film is Batman vs.Superman. I have no idea exactly why these guys have a disliking ofeach other, but at some point within the first 15 minutes of the filmSuperman effectively says "I'm gonna fight Batman", 80 minutes laterthey fight, that's it.As well as this we have a ridiculous amount of other sub-plots thataren't even remotely coherent, such as a character called Diana Princewho we never learn anything about until the final 40 minutes at whichpoint she turns into a main character, doing some kind of spy workwhich we never really learn about, we're just meant to accept thatshe's a spy doing secret things that we're not meant to care about.We also have Lex Luther who is trying to get his hands on someKryptonite so he can do... something. I'm actually not sure, I think ithas something to do with his dislike of Superman, which I don'tunderstand because we're never given any clear explanation as to why hehates him, and then he decides to send Superman to kill Batman, forsome other reason we're never given an answer too.For most of the film, every character goes on about how Superman is amenace and should be tried for what he has done, and the first scene ofthis film shows him killing a terrorist threatening Lois Lane's life inAfrica. I'm honestly sure not many people would care about this death,but they keep going on about other things he has supposedly done thatare never shown or even explained in the film, so what exactly did hedo to make the world hate him so much?This film is meant to be a launch-pad movie for a new series ofsuper-hero movies, and yet nothing is ever expanded on. What does LexLuther's company actually do? What exactly is Wayne Industries? Whathappened in the 18 months between this film and Man of Steel? No-oneever bothers to answer these simple questions that could've beencleared up in a single line, which is irritating because we're supposedto care about this world that will be the base of a new universe.Lex Luther kidnaps Superman's mother and uses her as a threat to forcehim to fight Batman, this is where we get the long awaited fightbetween Batman and Superman, and it's OK, but it's nothing spectacular.It goes on for a while until Superman reveals his mother's name isMartha, and as Batman's mother's name is Martha they decide to becomefriends, you know, after knocking the hell out of each other.Batman goes to save Superman's mother, and Superman goes to stop LexLuther, this is where we get a pretty awesome fight scene. Batman'sattack on Lex Luther's guards is really cool, it's an exciting a fastpaced scene that provides one of the few thrills of the film.Meanwhile, Superman confronts Lex Luther who retaliates by unleashing agiant freaking monster, what the hell? This monster comes out ofnowhere just to extend the movie out for another 30 minutes. Themonster itself looks absolutely dreadful, a horrible looking CGIcreation that rips the awesome from the film.During this fight scene, Wonder Woman shows up out of absolutelynowhere to join the fight. At this point, I had lost the will to live,I just wanted the film to end. The action scenes here were mindless anduninteresting, and I couldn't care less about what was going to happen.As for the acting, Ben Affleck is great a Batman and Henry Cavill isbrilliant as Superman so no complaints there, Amy Adams makes the bestof Lois Lane and Jesse Eisenberg is superbly crazy as Lex Luther, atleast we have a good cast.I think I'll just sum up here. Batman vs. Superman is a mess, a mess onevery creative level, which is a shame because trailers made this filmlook really good, I saw the first trailer for this film in the previewsfor 10 Cloverfield Lane, and it looked awesome, when I saw the film, Ijust didn't understand what the hell the aim of this film was. The plotwas incoherent, it was far too long, there was never any consistencywith the narrative, it just didn't work.Batman vs. Superman is one of DC Comics biggest failures, and a bigmisstep for the start of this new series.There's 150 Minutes of my life I'll never get back!