DC has attempted to create their own cinematic universe (Cause why not,Marvel is making billions from theirs so why not copy them and attemptto be better even though they never will) and it's not working at themoment.In 2013, Man of Steel was released and it was a bad start to the DCExtended Universe. Then Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice wasannounced and DC fans celebrated, believing that this film would be thegreatest film of all time.Well, it's no where near the greatest film of all time. In fact, it'son the list of worst superhero films ever. If only someone better thanZack Snyder was handling these films, maybe DC would produce somethinggood.Now to talk about this film, Ben Affleck is amazing as Batman. It mightactually be my favourite Batman in a film ever. But unfortunately, it'snot enough to save this disaster of a film. The plot is confusing and there are many questions I have afterwatching this film, most of them are about Superman.1-When Superman (a guy with super strength, super hearing and superspeed) is in the court room, how did he not hear a ticking bomb in thewheelchair. I'll tell you why, for plot purposes. If he did hear it andstop it, Batman would probably forgive him before they even battled2-Superman can hear Lois drowning during the middle of a battle(against a horrible mess known as Doomsday), but he can't hear hismother when she is being kidnapped. Why is that, for plot purposesI'll leave it at that. Some of the movies events were unnecessary,since Superman is in this film. But they happened so that Batman wouldactually fight Superman.And that's the next thing, the 2 characters fight for 5 minutes andthen they find out their mothers have the same name and they becomebest friends. The entire theatre was booing when that happened.Overall, this film has failed to live up to the hype and no, I'm not aMarvel fan boy. I tried to force myself to love this film but it's sobad that I can't love it.Hopefully, the R Rated Extended Edition bumps up the rating cause fornow, it's sitting on a 2/10