Worst movie ever made, by far. There is nothing, or hardly anythingthat makes much of any sense, scenes follow each other without therebeing any way of linking them together and little to no consistency.Everything seems to be happening randomly and for no other reason thanthe directors whim.The movie starts with what seems to be an on-going invasion of earthand then the narrative just jumps ahead in time, leaving you with acouple big unanswered questions.After that comes the desert scene. Now, if you want to be somewhatdiscreet as to your intentions, you (or in this case, Lex) don't giveyour troops super-secret type ammo that will short list the possiblesuspects, especially when you're trying to frame someone else. Theyshould have had normal commercial type bullets. This is beyond me,since the framing does apparently work without any forensic analysis ofthe 'massacre' which would have yielded different conclusions.Then, both cases against Batman and Superman are so incredibly weak,flimsy and of purely tabloid like nature it doesn't make sense thatanyone would actually fall for them, that it would take them so littletime to question both/all superheroes. The thing with Batman's brandingleading to murder, either he doesn't care or he wants it to happen.Either way, the one given any proper reason to attack the other isSuperman, due to his adoptive mother being held captive, yet its Batmanthat leads the attack, for which reason we do not know. Probably an egothing. For some reason he's looked up his roots and found that hisancestors were hunters and pelt traders, so he feels he must hunt downSuperman (and sell his cape?). It wouldn't make any sense for onevigilante to question another's "legality" and "moral sense". And howBatman goes from investigating Lex Luthor to then wanting to go afterSuperman is beyond comprehension since its clear by then that Lex is upto no good.Lex Luthor apparently knows what Wonderwoman looks like, yet shemanages to appear at his Gala without alarming Lex whatsoever, alarmsshould have been going on. She benefits from some form of anonymity,somehow.The scene where the courthouse explodes is again complete drivel. LexLuthor is the only one missing from the room, yet he's miles away whenthe bomb goes off. Maybe I'm just dumb but that seems like a deadgiveaway, but its never brought up, despite the name tag on his chairwhich would normally have raised suspicions.Despite there being Superman and Batman, its still left to a reporter(L. Lane) to do all the investigative work and find out the truth, eventhough Clark is also a reporter and Batman basically a super detectivewith a bat complex.When Batman says "Men are brave." going on his anti-god rant it doesn'tmake much sense for him to then be fighting in full armored suit whenhe's managed to make Superman vulnerable, so "Men are brave, but guysin Batsuits are cowards"? And then he makes him bleed, wow(!), so deepand profound, bat-boy makes god-boy bleed, it made me question the verymeaning of symbolism (irony). And to see all the animosity on Batman'sbehalf just disappear into thin air at the mere mention of his mother'sfirst name, which also happens to be Superman's adoptive mother's name,is beyond ridiculous.Finally, Lex Luthor uses the alien ship as some kind of magicaleasy-bake-oven and bakes his own little monster out of a dead body(Zod) and his blood. Again, the deep symbolism is just blinding. Itdoesn't seem problematic that he is able to so easily just somehow takeover command of the sentient ship, in a no-effort, stupidly linear way,he basically just says "Yes, I do", and ta-da, magic, he is the newalien overlord. The creature that the ship creates just resembles TimRoth's attempt at becoming Hulk (2008 movie), just of a more explosivenature. The time it takes them to realize the kryptonite 'spear' is theonly way to defeat it is almost instant, without creating some form ofsuspense in between. The ease with which movies make use of somefaceless alien monsters as antagonists is increasingly annoying. Itmeans they don't have to do any research on the character, create astory or reason for existing. Its like when video-games make use ofthem to avoid any political risk by having someone from a specificbackground / nationality as 'bad guy'. And of course, Wonderwomanappears out of nowhere, just in time to make use of her lasso soSuperman can 'take one for the team'.Why Superman flies into the monster with the spear instead of stoppinghalf way and just hurling it at him at full speed so can he keep adistance, is devoid of any reason (except to orchestrate his demise).Again with the ground-breaking symbolism, its the seemingly invincibleone that doesn't make it.How they show development in Batmans character by having him notbat-brand Lex is so unnecessary it makes one want to cry.The editing was just incredibly terrible in how they put it together.I'd give this movie negative points if I could. A complete waste ofviewer's time and its sad to see so many people actually liked it. Itonly reinforces the trend of putting recognizable actors, addingvisual-effects and little to no effort on the actual plot and story.