So, what is this movie? It's easy to try and say that a movie is ONLYgreat or ONLY bad, and that's not good film criticism. Though I won'tget into every nook and crany here, it's unfair to slam it as acomplete waste. There's clearly a lot of work put into a movie likethis and people who put together the sets and costumes and that jarof... well, nevermind. This movie is neither horrible, something toreally hate and write letters about, nor is it anything to beespecially blown away by. By the end I felt like I got Novocaine shoveddown by eyes and ears, and that's not the way to do spectacle, orcoherent storytelling.Some pros? Excellent casting; Ben Affleck, totally contrary to anyfears from the talk early on by fanboys and geek-trolls, fills the roleof Bruce Wayne better than Bale did (still no Keaton, but for his ageit works), and Jeremy Irons knocks it out as well. Eisenberg... isacting in a totally different movie, and may even be miscast, but it'sone of the most wonderful pieces of ACTING that I've seen in a longtime. Gal Godot is fine and beautiful though she isn't given much todo. And some of the scenes with Holly Hunter were OK.The rest of this is full of what the f**k. You're going to pull outsomething this weird and ambitious and just... DULL? I almost applaudyou for it, but I can't, and I get why the Justice League stuff ishere, I do, it's in the title, but it jams up the story into having tobe THIS thing instead of it just being Batman and Superman (which,yeah, it's stupid for them to fight in the first place - have them havea squabble HALFWAY into the movie, and then go from there and have anactual collaboration, show them really trying to save the city orcities from destruction). It's a whole lot of sound and fury signifyingvery little; for all of what it's meant to line up for an entirefranchise to come, and it is that down to the letter, it's not a goodsign for the story *on its own terms* when this isn't organicallylinked but feels crow-barred in. Some may disagree, and I stillunderstand the nature of building up a world for DC characters (a worldI like very much in the comics), but in this story? With these twocharacters and the crazyass stakes Luthor puts forward? It doesn't addup.And while it's no surprise how far blockbusters of this size and budgetand mammoth Noah's Ark sized proportions fit in so much stuff, the CGIand visual effects are not convincing. Like, this is to the point wherethe DC animated movies (I'm looking at you Dark Knight Returns andSuperman Doomsday) are more, well, I don't know if *realistic* is theworld, but there's more consistency to the tone that is going on. Yes,in a 2D animated movie it's less of a nightmare than to watch the last30/45 minutes of this movie where Superman is dispatched by Lex Luthor(nevermind why, it's stupid) to fight and kill Batman because of thisor that and then Batman almost kills him but doesn't because stupidreason (that is shown again after being the opening scene of the movie)and then there's Lex Luthor's actual plan and the Wonder Woman shows upand then-and-then-and-then...It's that kind of story, where it should be more of theconsequence-follows-action route, but the story is less about fillingaudiences with wonder about what these two major figures of pop culturecan do and is more about where the cogs in the plot will take themnext, and how the ugliness of the world bogs them down too. Rarely haveI seen a major motion picture in the past several years, comic book orotherwise, have such a grim color palette outside of, I don't know,Children of Men or The Road, and be so serious about it (except forEinsenberg, who to be fair is having the time of his life in a moviewhere no one else is really allowed to... well, maybe Irons has asatisfied goofy line or two).