When I first wrote a review for this movie a year ago exclaiming myexcitement for the film, I had been high off a fresh dose oflive-action DC superheroes playing out the beloved comic book storiesthat I had grown up on. It was all playing out before my eyes andcoming to life. After a few months had passed, I began to notice thingsabout the movie that I disliked: little gaps in the story, things thatdidn't add up, etc. My original rating of a 10 / 10 dropped to an 8/10. But today it has gone back up to a 10. The extended version of thefilm not only rectifies the gaps but also silences critics.Many claimed that the movie was too dark or that it just didn't makesense. To those people, I say: "Pick up a comic book!" Many of thecritics of this particular film were part of the superhero bandwagonthat formed when Marvel began its spree of Avengers-related films. Infact, its estimated that over 60% of people who go to see 'superhero'genre films have never picked up a comic book in their life. I wouldargue that similar numbers could figure to those which view the CWtelevised DC Universe shows. People complain that DC comics is just too dark but the fact is thatthese movies are based upon actual comics which are meant to be dark(ex: The Dark Knight Returns, Injustice, etc.). Its like complainingthat Game of Thrones (the TV series) sucks because they kill off toomany characters. Read the books! Its frustrating to see such abeautiful work of art like Batman V Superman criticized by thoseignorant to its universe and its meaning. This movie is in fact acatalyst that opens numerous doorways and leaves true fans in awe ofthe possibilities for future movies. But regardless of whether or not people choose to educate themselves,this film's DVD/Blu-ray extended version puts the theater release toshame. All of the plot holes and gaps are filled in 30 minutes ofextended footage scattered throughout the film. The movie ultimatelybecomes more complete and people will wish that the movie had shown thefull 3 hours of footage in its theatrical debut. As a major DC comics fan, I will of course pick up on things that acomics fan would not, but someone who does not read comics would learnto appreciate this film in its entirety with the extended version. Getyour hands on a copy today or find it on Netflix or the internetsomewhere!