When I rate movies (and yes, this review contain spoilers) I usuallyhave 4 main criteria. Entertainment, visuals, acting, and plot/story.Each with around 2,5p each equal 10p in total. The visuals/cinematic feel of the movie were good. Not great, but good,so I give that 1,3p. The acting was actually the only really good thingabout this movie. Considering what they had to work with and how badlythe movie is put together the acting is actually very good, so I givethat 2p. The plot(s)/story of the movie however is so bad and so crappyI should actually put in a lot of swear words here. It's a 0. This is,by far, the big budget movie with the most plot holes I have ever seen.Every single scene has at least 1 plot hole. Jimmy Olsen CIA agent?Really? Lois Lane throwing that sphere in 8ft of water. Lex JReffortlessly gaining access to an alien spaceship which gladly tellshim how to build a doomsday weapon? Deus ex Martha!?!? I could go onforever. 0!!Entertainment-wise I was bored most of the movie and with so many plotholes I could not enjoy it without going cinemasins "ding" in my headevery 5sec. Sure a lot of good action sequences and if they hadn'truined WW appearance through trailers that would have been epic, but ingeneral not very entertaining. Drones and kids aged 11y and below mightsee more entertainment in this then I did, but I need to care moreabout the characters and since the movie in general was so bad, I couldnot enjoy what could have been great action and great scenes. I stillgive it 0.2p, mostly due to Batmans awesome saving-Martha-rampage andWW.So 3/10 is my score which actually feels too high... so I deleted 1pdue to the bad management of and horrible writing for Superman. Theymissed the essence of Superman, in MofSteel also, but in this movieespecially. My final score is a 2.Edit: I just saw the movie again, mostly for the laugh of it and Icannot believe how bad this movie is. This is so bad we need to inventnew words for it. Horrible, terrible and lots, lots, lots and lots ofprofanity. I change my rating to a 1, this movie deserve nothing andshould be banned forever. Brrr... and uha... so, so bad...I believe that cinematic education and film studios should show thismovie to people in the industry on how to not script and not edit amovie, and the director of this movie should never be allowed nearanything cultural ever again. Classic example of a messy film which,for the most part, make no sense.? Worst movie of 2016 so far andwatching this crap only pisses me off.