This film was a long drawn out tedious dismal bore. Period. If thatwasn't bad enough, the beloved character of Superman is completelyannihilated in a thoroughly insulting fashion. There are a lot of ZackSnyder fan boys worshiping this lackluster filmmaker of limited talent,and that's unfortunate. It's a monumental shame WB gave him the keys toany comic book hero film franchise at all, and I'm someone who actuallythought "Watchmen" wasn't all that bad. People still love thecharacters of Batman, Superman, and Wonderwoman, but with that said,this is a movie that could have done close to Star Wars box officenumbers. Instead, under the seriously flawed incompetent direction of ahack like Snyder, we got this mess. Even Michael Bay could have giventhe source material a desperately needed morsel of levity. All creativecontrol should have been removed from Snyder, and this should have beena stand alone film under the direction of a much more talented andskilled filmmaker rebooting both Batman and Superman. That was yetanother giant mistake by WB. This should never have been a followup tothe much maligned and critically panned, "Man of Steel". In an effortto "nolanize" Superman, they allowed an inferior filmmaker compared toChristopher Nolan go completely off the rails with such a disconnectedtotal misinterpretation of the Superman character to the extreme thatit wasn't Superman. It would have made sense to have this be a followupif "Man of Steel" had been well-received like "Batman Begins". As thesaying goes, fool me once WB shame on you. We were all fools to givethem a second chance and pay money to see this poor excuse for whatshould have been an amazing film. The first two hours were aspectacular utter bore with subplots that were neither interestingenough to care about nor necessary. The character of Lex Luthor is anextremely intelligent criminal mastermind, not a socially awkwardschizophrenic played by the miscast Jesse Eisenberg. The worst offenseof this film is how Superman is killed off by an ill conceived CGI blobthat was supposed to be Doomsday. Jimmy Olsen is shot and killed in themonotonous first half of the film in a scene that doesn't even identifywho he is. He just appears out of nowhere. Holly Hunter's character iskilled off. Laurence Fishburne's scenes could have been completely cutout. They added nothing to the story. If Snyder claims he actually doeshave reverence for these characters, I wouldn't want to see what hedoes with characters he doesn't. In fact, I don't want to see what hedoes with any other comic book character ever. Marvel will continue todominate with their films over DC until massive changes are made. It'snot rocket science. Like may other people who saw this film, I won't bepaying to see "Justice League" as long as Hack Snyder and David Goyerhave anything to do with it.