Wait. Was this PG-13? It sure felt like it was and Expendable.The most positive thing I could say about Part Eight of the Sawfranchise is that the crew knew what made the latter part of theseries' memorable: flashbacks, twists, bad acting and terribledialogue.Maybe it was a hindrance that I decided to spend the entire 7 daysprior to Jigsaw's release watching one Saw movie a day. Maybe I wassawed out.In a series that I originally thought got progressively worse, I founda little comfort in how closely tied the first seven were. It did feellike one long (approx.) 11-hour miniseries and, yeah, that did make theseries feel complete. And when it was over, it needed to be over. I wasglad it was over.Speaking of over, this is absolute overkill, only less on the killing.It was so mild, so held-back, my original positive turns into anegative whereas the creators forgot how much blood there should be.Basically, it's 10 years later and immediately as the movie opens, thegame begins again. As in Saw-lore, the movie shifts from the cop sideto a Jigsaw game. Will there be twists? Sure, but you predict them from the start. Willthere be red herrings? Of course, but like the twists, you'll knowwho's behind this. Will there be redemption? Well, not for the series.The games played were enormously lame, the tired setups seem ancientand the gore factor was so dialed back, I thought I was watching themost gruesome scenes from the "vampire" movie, Twilight. Extremelyminor things were updated (new technology ? sort of ? from the lastoutings,) but barely anything was new or brought in to refresh theseries. Well, except laughs.Some of the traps were so hilariously bad, I seriously couldn't figureout if that was intentional or not. Perhaps they were meant as jokes topoke fun at their own series as the characters did constantly mock thedesigns as well. (If this was the case, then I will give them creditfor that.)This movie did have potential, but it felt like it was written asquickly as the previously 1-per-year scripts. Only, this time they had7 years to come up with something! They just blew it with a rehash ofone of the worst in the original seven.I wouldn't recommend seeing Saw: Legacy, er, I mean, Saw VIII, um,Jigsaw!***Final thoughts: After my Sawathon, here's how they rank:1. Saw (????/5 Stars.)2. Saw II (????/5 Stars.)3. Saw III (???½/5 Stars.)4. Saw VI (???/5 Stars.)5. Saw IV (???/5 Stars.)6. Saw V (??½/5 Stars.)7. Saw 3D (??/5 Stars.)8. Jigsaw (?½/5 Stars.)