Since the Saw franchise is one of my biggest guilty pleasures when itcomes to horror, I've been hoping for a new installment ever since TheFinal Chapter was supposed to end the franchise back in 2010. Eventhough the movies got progressively worse, there is something aboutthis franchise that always draws me back and makes me want to re-watchit.I had high expectations for Jigsaw because of two reasons: one, theproducers stated in an interview that they were offered more than ahundred scripts for a new movie from different writers, but had neverbeen pleased with any of them until they discovered a script so good,which ultimately got picked to be adapted; second, the Spierigbrothers, Jigsaw's directors, had previously directed Predestination,such a smart and enticing sci-fi time- travel movie that I liked quitea lot.After seeing Jigsaw, I left the theater disappointed. I'll start withwhat I enjoyed:The score by Charlie Clouser is just as fabulous as it has always beenand manages to go in line perfectly with each scene.The performances didn't bother me at all, although none of the actorsreally gets to shine. Laura Vandervoort and Paul Braunstein stood outhere, with the latter generating some funny moments worthy ofadmiration.The direction was very polished and the movie was competently filmed,but the Spierig brothers weren't given much to show their creativityon. This leads me to the negatives.The CGI is very good. There is, however, one scene in which I wasfeeling as if I was watching one of the most recent Resident Evilmovies and that didn't really work for me.What I didn't like:The ideas in this movie and its overall plot are somewhatunderdeveloped. I know that this is supposed to be a new "beginning"for these movies, but as a franchise starter, I wanted more to beexplored. The plot falls flat because the movie cuts from scene toscene so swiftly and tries to cram multiple narratives into 85 minutes,that ultimately none of them makes an impact.Saw is known for its visceral traps and torture devices, so I waslooking forward to seeing more of that. However, the game presented inthis movie has next to no memorable traps. That is because they are alot tamer than what we've seen before and they simply can't hold acandle to all the ingenious traps from the past movies.The character development is another issue in this movie. Thecharacters are so uni-dimensional, with some of them being there onlyto fill the screen. And I'm referring to some of the main casting here.Also, character arcs are left unfinished and the movie felt like itended when the most important part of the story was about to happen.The editing undermines what could've been some very suspenseful scenesbecause of its sloppiness, by cutting from one narrative (the game) tothe other (the investigation) at random moments.Now, it all comes down to the twist. Was it good and unexpected? Well,no, not really. It's not necessarily because you can predict it frommiles away (for which the movie offers hints throughout the run-time)due to its small set of characters, but because it had no resonance forme. It didn't blow me away and you could've predicted it from themarketing of the movie alone. Just like with the traps, it just doesn'thave the same visceral feel as the past movies and it doesn't reallymake you crave for the release of the next chapter.Overall, Jigsaw sets itself apart from the previous movies in theseries with the help of the two directors who manage to make the movielook stylish and slick, but ultimately, it doesn't succeed in creatingthe sense of urgency that some of the old movies had and, sadly,disappoints on almost every other level. And yes, there are fan-servicemoments, but as a fan of this franchise, I felt very little excitementwhen they happened.Hopefully, if the movie does well in terms of box office, the sequelwill improve upon this franchise "reinvention".