"Let's Play A Game", those simple words haunted the theaters for years,signaling the start of yet another slasher movie in the Saw series.What started out as a unique twist to the serial killer saga was onlythe start to a face cringing, spine tingling, sometimes nauseating sagathat hooked people in until around the sixth-seventh iteration when itfinally ended. That was until this year, where the saga was to bereanimated in hopes of bringing more bucks to the theaters. Will thiseighth installment have the ability to defy death like it's protagonistantihero, or is it dead like the poor victims of his games. Only oneway to find out and that is read my friends, so let's get started!LIKES:Fast-Pace: With all the slow movies I have been seeing, I give props tothe Saw series maintaining their consistent pace. From start to finish,the tale keeps moving, sparing no second for unnecessary details orattempts at prolonged character development. The mystery of figuringout the identity of the game master, mixed with the spread-out trialsthat promise a messy end are well-balanced to keep things going. Decent Characters: A horror movie often has many brain-dead charactersbegging to be chainsaw fodder. Fortunately, Saw movies continue tochoose players who have a little more complexity and skills than manyof the Spring Break teens favored. The tradition lives on, as eachplayer has a little more buried within, still having a few obviouslydestined corpses, but others who have a shot at making it out. And forthose not in the game, but trying to solve the mystery, they too havesome layers to them that may or may not be pertinent to the story. It'sthose engaging elements that are crafted in the story, making them moreengaging to follow. The Presentation: Another component I still like is the presentation ofthe movie. Many go for the kills, but the better component for me ishow they separate the story into two settings. One is still the playerstrying to escape the closes thing to hell's torture chamber, while theother are the outside characters hunting down the "maniac" thatcontinues to weave his traps. The ability to entangle these twocomponents, balancing their timing to provide clues and hints to thestory all while keeping you invested in the game. Such a dynamicpresentation provides those checks and balances necessary for a slashermovie, and keeping things as fresh as possible. Twist: As many of you know, Saw movies are all about the ability tothrow that last wrench into the gears to blow your mind. Despite myexperience with predicting endings, this one got me. The questions Iasked were on the right path, but they were able to drop enoughinterfering factors to throw me off the trail. Jigsaw once againimpresses me with their storytelling, and their mastery ofpresentation. I can't say much more, but ask the right questions andyou might get the answers. DISLIKES:Lazy Deaths: Those first few movies were convoluted in their traps.They had designed devices that were an impressive display ofimagination, horror, and engineering that gave everyone a kick in termsof design. While Jigsaw still has the impressive connections andstorytelling, it unfortunately fails in the terms of the trapsthemselves. They are surprisingly simple for the most part, and alittle more reserved than I expected in this modern era. Yes, there isstill plenty of blood in this battle for moral consequences, but theydidn't involve quite as much skin crawling madness. Acting a little cheesy: Despite the engaging characters, there aretimes when there are a few inconsistencies in the character'sintelligence, or often the case their acting. While decent for the mostpart, the writers hit some blocks in terms of dialogue or directionthey wanted the characters to go. There are those moments the "tension"overwhelms them into hysterical messes that are cheesy rather thanbelievable. In addition, the dialogue sometimes gets lazy, just goinginto expletives than conducive dialog. A weak dislike yes, but I'mdrawing on straws. The potential for a series: Like the original series, I had hoped foran ending, but then this movie showed up. While I did enjoy it, I amworried that the way this movie ends sets up the potential for a newseries to start. Sure, this means more Saw goodness, but it also meansthe potential to dilute this movie into another run of the mill seriesthat will become a product of lazy producing. Hopefully that won'thappen, but these days series are the prize most companies seek. The VERDICT:Jigsaw is the piece of the puzzle that brings quality back to thelovely massacre series. Going back to the roots, the writers were ableto bring back a brilliant presentation and characters you can follow.All the nostalgic qualities rush in with the deadly traps, bringingthat fast-pace, twisting tale that captivated us all those years ago.While still not the first movie, especially in terms of death designand potential to revive the series, it was a welcome addition to theseries. So, if you are looking for the horror movie of the month,Jigsaw is your answer for the theater my friends. My scores: Crime/Horror/Mystery: 8.5 Movie Overall: 7.0