I've wanted to see where the next Saw movie would take us, would ittake place soon after the seventh film, or would it take the route thismovie did; this one.Alright what's the story. Ten years after the death of Jigsaw, theworld is shocked when several people show up dead, all apparently thevictims of a new killing spree led by Jigsaw. It's up to detectives andso and so (didn't really care) to find out if Jigsaw is in deed aliveand stop these games before it's too late, I guess.OK, so, the best thing about the film is the twist, cause if you have asaw film you've gotta have a twist. Ready?It turns out that the bodies the detectives find are actuallyrecreations of people who died in a jigsaw game OVER TEN YEARS AGO,before the first Saw movie. John Cramer is still dead, there's justanother killer on the loose, or at least I believe he's gonna continuethe Jigsaw legacy from now on through the next dozen sequels. He's theleading 'forensic pathologist' (mouthfull) who's helping the detectivessolve the case, but ends up being behind the deaths. All the while allof the traps we see in the film are simply a collective flashback, andall of the bodies found in the present were people killed in the sameway as the previous victims. And get this, the original victims ofthese traps, before the events of the first Saw, we're never even foundin the first place.Thank you Adam of YMS for making this point loud and clear, but this isso dumb. The entire ending to this film is that Logan the forensicpathologist was baiting the lead detective into the trap at the end outof revenge for releasing his wife's killer, as well as framing him forthe murders that happen in the present day events.But if none of the original bodies were found to begin and are stillrotting in the barn they died in, which turns out to be a barn owned byJill Tuck, Jigsaw's x-wife, why did Logan decide to recreate themurders for a crime that hasn't been discovered for 10 years now then?The YMS review of this explains it much better and in much betterdetail than I ever could, but that point alone makes this movieincredibly ridiculous. We have a repeat of Saw 5 as we get 5 people putinto one of Jigsaw's traps, one steals a purse that contained a woman'smedication, leading her to die. One sold a bike to Jigsaw's nephew thathad faulty breaks, causing him to get run over, one smothered her ownbaby and framed her husband for the murder, and one got his friendkilled in car crash and lied to authorities about it. The first one tosupposedly die we don't even see his face, only for it to turn out itwas Logan. My question is, like YMS points out, why did he even killsomeone to act as the body of himself when he didn't even die to beginwith. The Saw movies try to stay somewhat realistic despite all theridiculous odds Jigsaw plays and the contradictions with the time line,but things like this are just used to trick the audience; can this newJigsaw break the 4th wall or something?And if Logan's trying to frame a guy for murder, why kill him throughthe use of a jigsaw trap; be pretty weird for a guy who supposedlycommitted jigsaw style murders to die through the use of one. And ifauthorities end up finding his body they'll also end up finding thevictims of jigsaw's first full fledged trap ten years ago. they'dprobably piece it together that he was framed.The Saw movies are convoluted as they are, but this movie is even moreridiculous. And I would have rather had doctor Gordon, or maybe someother victim of Jigsaw's trap, pick up the mantle, not Logan.Anyway, I saw it, it was fine. Traps were nothing new, the acting,directing were both OK, and the ending was cheap. But, if Saw's 9, 10,11 etc come out, I'll definitely go see them.6 out of 10