After a long wait for the inevitable sequel, hardcore Saw fans willfind themselves disappointed with this one.Tobin Bell and his cast all do a great job in their respective roles. Iwas very excited for a new film in the series and was hoping to notonly get answers to the questions raised in the final minutes of Saw3D, but was hoping to see some familiar faces.All hope was dashed. Jigsaw follows a linear plot of who-done-it? mixedwith a trap that feels present day. However, in the final minutes ofthe film, all of what we've seen involving the farm test has takenplace ten years previously and Logan has been on a mission to seekvengeance on Detective Hollaran. Although at first glance this film seems to be connected to thepreviously iterations, it really isn't. Logan has a connection to JohnKramer after ten years previously mis-naming Kramer on an x-ray causinghis cancer to go undiagnosed. The so-called plot twist has a hint ofreveal showing Logan's scarred back earlier in the film, and whenHollaran is near-death the twist is revealed completely along withLogan's mission. It doesn't feel like a Saw film. It comes off as more of spin-off. Ithink I would've preferred Jigsaw faking his death and actually beingalive in this film. I would've preferred if Dr. Gordon or Hoffman madean appearance. If Costas or Cary were unavailable, the writers shouldhave waited and included their stories in this film. If this is thelast Saw film (box office worldwide has already claimed five times theproduction budget, so maybe not) then fans can feel cheated. Having to wait half-a-dozen years for a one-off story barely connectedto the saga of Jigsaw doesn't really seem worth it. It was stated bythe directors that this one isn't as vicious and it certainly does playto that. The trap(s) are more of what was seen in Saw V and the gore istoned down till the bitter end where the real Saw-esque stuff shows upbriefly. One positive I can say about the film, it's immensely betterthan Saw V, and the structure is much more polished than previousiterations in the series. Taking the time to put crucial details intothe script paid off in one sense, but all the other issues with thefilm completely overlook the great effort on the screenplay. My hope is that if Lionsgate and Twisted Pictures bring a ninth filmon, I hope it ties back to Saw 3D stories and bring back the charactersthat have been left unfinished (Hoffman, Gordon, etc.).