'JIGSAW': Three Stars (Out of Five)The eighth installment in the popular slasher flick franchise, which isreleased seven years after the seventh chapter (which was said to bethe last installment). It takes place ten years after the death of theJigsaw killer, when a new series of brutal murders appear to be thework of the same deceased madman. It was directed by Michael and PeterSpierig (who also helmed the horror movies 'DAYBREAKERS' and 'UNDEAD'),and it was written by Josh Stolberg and Peter Goldfinger (the duo alsoco-wrote the slasher flicks 'PIRANHA 3D' and 'SORORITY ROW'). The filmstars Matt Passmore, Callum Keith Rennie, Cle Bennett, Hannah EmilyAnderson and Tobin Bell reprising the title role. I was a big fan ofthe first three movies in the franchise, but I was less impressed withthe later sequels, and I'm even less impressed with this new one. When new victims of a twisted game begin showing up dead, it appearsthat the deceased serial killer John Kramer, also known as Jigsaw(Bell), is responsible. Detectives Halloran (Rennie) and Hunt (Bennett)must find out who's really responsible, but all of the evidence keepspointing to Jigsaw though. A doctor, named Logan Nelson (Passmore),becomes Halloran's prime suspect, but he maintains he's being framed.The whole time new captives desperately try to survive Jigsaw'spsychotic game.The movie is full of brutal violence, and complicated plot twists (likethe other 'SAW' films), but none of it seems fresh or clever anymore.The whole movie just seems like something we've already seen many timesbefore, and I really wanted to see a lot more of Jigsaw in it too. Forme the film is pretty disappointing, because I was a big fan of thefirst three movies and I was really hoping this new installment couldrecapture some of that same feel. It actually turns out to be one ofthe weaker horror films released this year (which has been a great yearfor horror actually), and I really wish I didn't have to say that too.Fans of the series will probably be disappointed, if they're anythinglike me that is, at least.