Do not expect a remake, reboot, or re-imagining of any sort. "Jigsaw"is exactly what the rest of the series after the third installment hasbeen; complete and utter ridiculousness for 90 minutes. For better orworse, this does not change much of anything in terms of the "Saw"spirit. This includes all of the over-the-top acting and gore shows,the intricate contraptions and puzzles that take account the one in amillion precise placement of all its victims, Tobin Bell with hiscreepy voice, and a story that makes no sense with an absurd twistright at the end. And I personally had a blast with this sufficientlystupid movie.The premise is more or less the same as all of the others in theseries; one plot line follows a select few detectives investigatingwhat schemes the Jigsaw killer is up to while the other revolves arounda small group of characters being terrorized by a maze full of deadlypuzzles and traps set up by Jigsaw. Simple enough in premise as always,but the story line is never simply a straight line with the "Saw"movies. Constantly being thrown curve ball after curve ball whether itmakes sense or not, yet somehow that is all part of the fun, even whenit may become frustrating.From frame one it is very apparent that the film knows what it is andcouldn't be happier to bring back the franchise. In the film's writingthroughout there was always just something about it that felt delightedfor the return of "Saw". Truth be told I haven't been the biggest fanof the series, but I will say that there is an odd charm to it and forone reason or another I remained interested to see where it went next;even though they progressively got worse in my opinion. Comparing thisto the rest of the previous installments is certainly difficult formyself because objectively speaking "Jigsaw" is probably worse than themajority of the "Saw" movies, but subjectively speaking I probably hadthe most fun watching this totally ludicrous sequel.The characters are nothing more than chunks of meat waiting to die inone gruesome fashion or another of course, at this point with thesefilms I wouldn't expect anything else. The cinematography and editingis actually different from the other ones. Aesthetically speaking withthe camera work, this honestly doesn't resemble anything before it. I'mnot entirely sure if that's a good or a bad thing. I've never reallyliked the look of the "Saw" movies with the quick cuts, bright flashesor that fast-forward vision while all taking place with 'dungeon'lighting. Although this movie looks borderline television quality, notnecessarily bad looking but not exactly theater worthy either. Do I recommend "Jigsaw"? Sure. If you've seen all seven of the othersthen why stop now. If you think this one should be taken seriouslythough, you're out of your mind or you will be immediately after seeingthis because this is total nonsense. Be warned now, you start trying touse your brain on this one I promise you that it will be mush by thetime the credits hit...the opening credits. So I suggest to those whoplan on seeing "Jigsaw" should just sit back and let the movie happen,you may have a good time with it that way. At least that's how I did.So take that for what it's worth. Is it good? God no. Is it stupidlyentertaining? Hell yes. But that's kind of "Saw" in a nutshell.