It would be untruthful to say that Jigsaw, the eighth installment inthe now iconic Saw series, was not disappointing- even for a hardcore,loyal fan such as myself. As a recent fan of the series (I beganwatching in about April/May), I found myself suddenly immersed in thecomplex, twist-filled Saw universe, intrigued not only by the creativetraps, but by what insane plot twist they could come up with next.Watching the series is always fun, never short of gore or convolutedplot lines and many timelines (often occurring at once). However, I'mnot sure the same could be said about Jigsaw. What is most noticeableabout the eighth installment right off the bat is that it seems to havelost a lot of the low-budget charm that made the first movie (and thosethat followed and imitated the style of the first) unique. While thecinematography can be commended at some parts, it seems that the filmhas been scrubbed clean of the grime and grit, the sickly greens andcold blues, and the insane camera-work that gave the first filmspersonality. This sequel is much cleaner, and doesn't really have thesame look or atmosphere of the other films. It is clear that a lot ofthe creativity is gone. For a Saw movie, it's not necessarily bad- it'sjust not what a Saw movie should be. A lot of what Saw is about istension; biting your nails or hiding behind your hands as you wait forthe trap to spring into action, for the viewer to fail. It's theanticipation, the suspense the film builds throughout its run timebefore pulling the rug out from under the viewer. In a lot of ways,that's absent from this sequel. The traps, while sometimes gory, neverpack quite the same punch as some of the first. There's some grossstuff, but never anything that hits you as hard as watching someone sawoff their own foot or fall into a pit of needles. Other than the finalone, none of the traps feel like anything that we haven't seen before.Not only that; the traps never hold the same weight that they do in thefirst few films. It's not that the characters don't want to live; it'sthat we're not sure if we care to see them live OR even care to seethem fail. You're never afraid to see a character fail a trap simplybecause we're not afraid to see what happens when they do. There'snothing an average moviegoer can't handle. But, not everyone shows upfor the gore- so what about the plot? Well, without spoiling, the plot-and twist- are a little underwhelming. It's not like you can see itcoming from a mile away, but you CAN sense when the writers are tossingin a red herring or can feel when they want you to believe a characteris an apprentice. I had quite a few assumptions about the plot thatwere proved right, and that, in a lot of ways, was extremelydisappointing to me. And the ending doesn't really make you gasp or hasyou feeling too shocked. You simply sit there, watching the flashbackmontage, and go, "oh. Okay." In a lot of ways, this movie is for andnot for the fans. It's quite confusing. It's clear that the use of sometropes and aspects present in the original films (what very, very fewthere were) were there as a sort of fan-servicing- but in a way, someaspects feel as if they're isolating the fans from their beloved horrorseries. It's hard to determine whether this film was for old time fans,or to rope in a new, larger audience. Or, you know, for money. If youare a fan, I'd recommend showing up with very little in mind andshutting your brain off. If you're expecting to have an amazing time,you won't- but it's an okay watch. I don't feel as if I'll need to seethis movie again, but I don't feel completely satisfied. It's quiteodd. Arrive with no expectations. And, if you're feeling incrediblyskeptical, just wait for Redbox.