Jigsaw is back for an eighth film after several years from theconclusion of a terrible supposedly final chapter saw movie. Jigsaw isan okay film, its not terrible neither good. With directors The SpierigBrothers direction and a new set of writers trying to bring back theJigsaw killer. There was a way of continuing on with the franchiseeither with a new twists that tries to bring back the torture porn ofdeath traps and either a new killer or perhaps Jigsaw's legacy was notover. I enjoyed the first few Saw films from the bloody gory death traps, theconnection on how every victim has with each other, and the twists thatis played with Charlie Clouser's music theme in the final minute of themovies. As every film goes on, it just feels like they straying awayfrom the plots connection and having new victims that has noconnections and more bloody traps. Jigsaw film however, does not feellike a Saw movie. The plot feels more like a police procedural drama,were Det. Halloran (Callum Keith Rennie) is following up a case werebodies are discovered. And same with the video tapes of Jigsaw's voice(Tobin Bell). Is the Jigsaw really dead? Or is there a new Jigsawcopycat that is taking over his games? Halloran is trying to follow alead that has several people playing the game in a hidden barn. Werethey are fighting for their lives of going through several death traps,as they are suppose to solve the clues to why they are there. With thehelp from forensic pathologist Logan and Eleanor (Matt Passmore andHannah Emily Anderson). They are trying to solve their own mystery whentraces of evidence is leading back to Jigsaw being alive and theconnections every victim has with each other. The plot played like a TV police procedural drama which took away fromthe Saw movies feel. It was fun to see Halloran trying to solve themystery with the victims and Jigsaw. And than the movie flashes back tothe victims in the barn, who are forced to play a game that will endbloody. The death traps and the bloody sequences are quick and less gory thanthe previous seven films. And the traps are also quite forgettable thistime. Sure, for the audience that can not handle blood and gore willstill find this disturbing. There are also a couple of unpredictable twists that works with thefilm and is what leaves you talking about it. Definitely not as greatas the first film. The cast was also decent. Matt Passmore is a fun newaddition. Callum Keith Rennie was okay. And the cast of victims thatwere forced in death traps are not easily memorable. Like all horror films, the first couple are usually the best and therest are just repeats with less of a plot. And this film does not addor bring anything new to the direction of the franchise. Overall,Jigsaw is a fair horror film. The twists works well. The thrills isdecent with the victims being forced to injure themselves to survive.The plot does not feel like the Saw movies. And the death traps areforgettable.I rate the film 3 out of 5 stars. I ll recommend it if you want towatch a bloody torture porn film or if your into that. Otherwise, I llsuggest it as a rental.