First off, I must confess my love of the 1974 Sidney Lumet version asone of my favorite of all times film, but was excited at hearing of theremake and with a wide open mind anxiously awaited the release.Famous Belgian detective Hercule Poirot boards the Orient Expressunexpectedly, and when the train is caught snowbound and murder isdiscovered, he is engaged by the train manager who is his friend tosolve the crime before the local authorities come to rescue and perhapsbotch the investigation. I did not like this film. The look of the film is very good, ProductionDesigner Jim Clay and Set Decorator Rebecca Alleway give good train andCostume Designer, the great Alexandra Byrne outfits the castbeautifully (though I do question Mrs. Hubbard's après ski pants, sucha woman would don her fur coat if she was chilly). The problem here isa very weak script that for starters does not delve deep enough intothe interrogation of the suspects for us to follow Poirot's deductions.A fine cast of actors are given very little to do while thesleuth/hero/director gets a lot of screen time taking away fromfurthering the plot. We also have, perhaps in an attempt to drawyounger audiences, more focus on Star Wars' Daisy Ridley (MissDebenham), Hamilton's Leslie Odom Jr (Dr. Arbuthnot) and Frozen's JoshGad (McQueen) characters, leaving acting royalty Judi Dench, PenelopeCruz, Derek Jacoby and Willem Dafoe out in the snow bound cold. We arealso given a pair silly action sequences, one a very public fight by apassenger seeking privacy but drawing the attention of a crowd, theother a brawl actually involving Poirot. Again possibly for the youngerDC/Marvel audience but Hercule Poirot is not a superhero and does notengage in knock-down, drag-out fights. Opening up some scenes tooutside the train removes the claustrophobic tenseness of theproceedings. But the biggest error here is the complete bypass of theconcept of the 12 suspects and the allegory of this self-appointed juryto judge a past crime. The central theme of the novel and story is ofjustice and the combined group action to correct an error in legaljustice and all of this is discarded in the reveal. Also the lack ofdiscussion explaining the household of the original crime seems toremove the underlying theme of family or unity in the story. Overallthe film is pretty to see, though some of the sweeping vistas couldhave been removed for plot development, but I suppose that would havenot utilized the 70mm experience. Branagh may be a bit too handsome forthe odd, little Poirot character and the adding of racial themes withDr. Arbuthnot adds something new, but changing him from the Colonel tothe doctor, who in the source material helps with the investigationseems odd. Save the cash, watch the lush and lavish 1974 version andwait for this one for free TV.