I'm not familiar w/ Dame Agatha's source material. I'm long familiar w/Lumet's 1974 film version of it. It's impossible to watch Branagh'sversion and not draw unflattering comparisons. Branagh stars as Poirot (a misstep right there.) He is introduced as afussbudget who worries over egg sizes and "restoring balance." Althoughhe mentions he is "probably the world's greatest detective" we arenever shown anything to lend credence to this.The film begins in Jerusalem; Poirot is tasked to solve a religiousrelic theft. Three suspects are rapidly introduced as are clues whichoffer little insight to the viewer. I guessed the culprit simply byasking myself "Who would the writers pick to show us how clever theywere?" A silly chase scene ensues involving a cane jammed into theWailing Wall; I believe Poirot would have been jailed or beaten forthat.From Istanbul he boards the titular train (w/ help from a young friendwho behaves nothing like someone Poirot would want anything to dowith.) Characters waft on by w/ scant introduction; we're shown thesepeople w/ the air of food going by on a display at a sushi bar.Poirot's mustache is not as distracting as you've probably heard. Yes,it's rather large but after the first sighting you won't pay it anymind. Poirot is shown wearing what looks like a hammock stretched overhis mustache while in bed, but he never fusses over it. The "solution" is no different than before. The delight lies inreaching that goal: there is little to be found here.There are a few well-known faces in this production; most have only twoscenes at most, and no memorable dialogue. The most noticeabledifferences are the changing of "Colonel Arbuthnot" into anAfrican-American doctor and making Poirot a far more active sleuth;hopping about atop the train and under it as he chases a suspect (yes,chases; he even gets shot in this.) Agatha's Poirot would have done no such thing; he'd have motioned forInspector Japp to apprehend the fleeing scoundrel, as he pressed ahankie to his face in the bitter cold of those Random Mountains thetrain is brought to a halt in.In this film, Poirot is not a connoisseur w/ a twinkle in his eye as heinterviews suspects in a confident yet light-heart manner, allowingthem to drop their guard. Poirot here is rather aloof. As is most ofthe cast; Willem Dafoe comes off best in my mind, as the ex- Policemanturned Pinkerton. Unfortunately the film makes his character detestablelong before he softens when his identity is revealed. The cast in interchangeable; anyone could have played these parts givenhow little they have to do (save for Mrs. Hubbard, who as played byPfeiffer is even more annoying) or the droll dialogue they're given toutter. As before, they're all inter-connected and create an opportunitydespite Poirot's sudden presence. By the time those not familiar w/ this story reach the denouement, Idoubt they'll care. As one reviewer noted, this film is slow to pickthings up, yet feels rushed at times. A few sprinkles of humor don'tdetract from the feeling of boredom, and the lack of intrigue to themystery aspect. There is a victim, and reasons behind his death; but we're rushed pastevents which should carefully unfold to get to unnecessary redherrings. By the time Albert Finney's Poirot explains his "morecomplicated solution" we're quite aware whom everyone is, how theyrelate to the victim, and their motifs. We know precious little about2017 Poirot's suspects; they barely interact w/ one another.As another critic wrote, the train may as well be an Amtrak heading toCleveland; instead of being a luxurious means of travel, it's justthere. We see little of the interior's details, so there's nothingspecial about this crowd being on The Orient Express; it's just a trainderailed by an avalanche this time (merely being "stuck" wasn't enoughfor today's audiences, apparently.)I had to wonder sitting through this like someone watching a short filmon hygiene, why was it made? All a new version could do was perhapsspice things up. There's NO spice to this story, nor much life. Not one seemsparticularly engaged or interested in what they're doing or saying,save for Branagh (and perhaps Bateman as Poirot's unlikely friend.) Themystery is not so much "solved" as "revealed." Poirot gleans all that'staken place from mere shreds of evidence, and a smidgen of questions.We're seldom shown Poirot doing actual detective work, and it neverappears he's the only one capable of solving Ratchett's murder (notthat anyone wanted him to.)No idea why I was keen to see this, reading about it months ago. I canonly imagine it was due to the director's involvement. There's no traceof Branagh's "Wallander" here, however. Not even a soupcon of MikeChurch from "Dead Again." This was a weak stab at a venerable crime novel. Perhaps Branagh shouldhave up-dated it to the present day; a better idea would have been todo something else. The production values don't even help; not muchcatches your eye save for obviously phony CGI effects and those hairyslugs under Branagh's nose.I give this a generous 4 stars (a fair effort) for a few minor bitsthat appealed to me (quick quips one had to be quick to catch the humorof, a few moments of chagrin and regret in some characters, etc.) butthis was an otherwise forgettable and sadly regrettable adaptation.