There's a big problem with Kenneth Branagh's 2017 filming of theHercule Poirot-based murder mystery?. and that's the 1974 Sidney Lumetclassic featuring Albert Finney in the starring role. For that film wasso memorable ? at least, the "who" of the "whodunnit" (no spoilershere) was so memorable ? that any remake is likely to be tarnished bythat knowledge. If you go into this film blissfully unaware of theplot, you are a lucky man/woman. For this is a classic Agatha Christieyarn.The irascible, borderline OCD, but undeniably great Belgian detective,Poirot, is dragged around the world by grateful police forces to helpsolve unsolvable crimes. After solving a case in Jerusalem, Poirot iscalled back to the UK with his mode of transport being the famousOrient Express. Trapped in the mountains by an avalanche, a murder iscommitted and with multiple suspects and a plethora of clues it is upto Poirot to solve the case.Branagh enjoys himself enormously as Poirot, sporting the mostdistractingly magnificent facial hair since Daniel Day-Lewis in "TheGangs of New York". The moustache must have had its own trailer andmake-up team!Above all, the film is glorious to look at, featuring a rich and exoticcolour palette that is reminiscent of the early colour films of the40's. Cinematography was by Haris Zambarloukos ("Mamma Mia" and whoalso collaborated with Branagh on "Thor) with lots of innovative"ceiling down" shots and artful point-of-view takes that might beannoying to some but which I consider as deserving of Oscar/BAFTAnominations.The pictures are accompanied by a lush score by Patrick Doyle (who alsoscored Branagh's "Thor"). Hats off also to the special effects crew,who made the alpine bridge scenes look decidedly more alpine than wherethey were actually filmed (on a specially made bridge in the SurreyHills!).All these technical elements combine to make the film's early stageslook and feel truly epic.And the cast? what a cast! Dame Judi Dench ("Victoria and Abdul");Olivia Coleman ("The Lobster"); Johnny Depp ("Black Mass"); DaisyRidley ("Star Wars: The Force Awakens"); Penélope Cruz ("Zoolander 2");Josh Gad (Olaf!); Derek Jacobi ("I, Claudius"); Willem Dafoe ("TheGreat Wall") and Michelle Pfeiffer ("mother!"). A real case again of an"oh, it's you" film again at the cinema ? when's the last time we sawthat? It's also great to see young Lucy Boynton, so magnificent in lastyear's excellent "Sing Street", getting an A-list role as the twitchyand disturbed countess. With all these ingredients in the pot, it should be great, right?Unfortunately, in my view, no, not quite. The film's opening momentumis really not maintained by the screenplay by Michael Green ("BladeRunner 2049"; "Logan"). At heart, it's a fairly static and "stagey"piece at best, set as it is on the rather claustrophobic train (justthree carriages? on the Orient Express? really?). But the tale is madeeven more static by the train's derailment in the snow. Branagh andGreen try to sex up the action where they can, but there are lengthypassages of fairly repetitive dialogue. One encounter in particularbetween Branagh and Depp seems to last interminably: you wonder if theproblem was that the director wasn't always looking on to yell "Cut"! All this leads to the "revelation" of the murderer as being a bit of ananticlimactic "thank heavens for that" rather than the gaspingdenouement it should have been. (Perhaps this would be different if youdidn't know the twist).However, these reservations aside, it's an enjoyable night out at theflicks, although a bit of a disappointment from the level ofexpectation I had for it. I can't be too grumpy about it, given it's areturn to good old-fashioned yarn-spinning at the cinema, with greatvisuals and an epic cast. And that has to be good news.For sure, Branagh does make for an amusing and engaging Poirot, even ifhis dialogue did need some 'tuning in' to. There was a suggestion atthe end of the film that we might be seeing his return in "Death on theNile" ? the most lush and decorous of Peter Ustinov's outings ? which Iwould certainly welcome. He will have to find another 10 A- list starsthough to decorate the boat, which will be a challenge for casting! (For the full graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com, orcheck out One Mann's Movies on Facebook. Thanks.)