The only reason, why I write a review for this rather mediocre film isthe stunning 65mm cinematography. I've seen it on a big screen, sitting in the center close to the screenand it was visually very impressive: The amount of detail you get with65mm is astonishing and a reminder of how poor many digitally shotmovies look today compared with 'the good old days'. The actors' skinlooks organic, the highlights are not 'blown out' and you see a greatrichness in color and contrast. Because the movie demands for splendidproduction design and costumes, the 65mm can shine in its full glory.But just like Kenneth Branagh's update of "Sleuth" before, this is aninferior and misjudged version of well-known source material. Thedirection forces a comical style on the material, that's tooover-the-top even for Agatha Christie's rather artificial murdermysteries. No, I'm not only talking about the now infamous mustache ofPoirot, which is so absurd-looking, that it distracts from the story,but everything else is slightly off, including the good cast, whichdoes not compare to Lumet's 1974 ensemble. Lumet's film is a smallmasterpiece of direction and ensemble acting, where every element is inits place and the plot works. I still remember how much fun it waswatching it on TV as a child. And it was so well told, that Iunderstood the rather complicated plot then, but now - even as an adultwho knew the story - I found it hard to follow. You really get thefeeling, that neither the screenwriter nor the director are especiallyinterested in the mystery aspect of the story. They focus instead ongrotesque behavior, funny accents, racism in 1930s Europe and alllooking 'postcard good'. And it does, but people who see this expectsome excitement and elegant storytelling, too. Sure, some people already know the ending and the movie is easy tospoil, but a huge part of the young audience didn't read the novel orsaw the other versions, so there would still be the possibility of agreat mystery. I don't understand, why they cared more for comic effectthan suspense and surprise. The audience is smarter than that anddeserves better...Reading Agatha Christie and seeing Lumet's adaptation is like assistingHercule Poirot in solving a crime. That's the fun of it: You usuallyget all the information you need to participate and it usually playsfair with the logical conclusions, even if it's far-fetched. But inthis movie the mystery is told so fast, that there is no chance ofparticipating - and therefore no suspense. This movie fails atunderstanding the appeal of Agatha Christie novels. It was never themustache. And the few inventions by the screenwriter, that are not partof Agatha Christie's novel as far as I remember, are trying to makeHercule Poirot's character 'more complex', I think, but that's not thepoint of Christie. Poirot is only an avatar for the audience who wantsto assist in solving an exciting mystery. Poirot is not the center,therefore all additional scenes to give him a 'character journey', tointroduce him in Jerusalem and give him a 'big dramatic speech' at theend are distracting additions, because it all takes away from themystery-solving-fun. The storytelling out of balance. I'm pretty sure,Agatha Christie would have hated this one.Recommended mostly for the 65mm imagery and the production design andcostumes, but don't forget to see Sidney Lumet's superior version, too.