War for the Planet of the Apes is a film directed by Matt Reeves. Iloved the first 2 films of this series. And was looking forward to thisfilm for quite some time. Finally when I saw the film, I can definitelysay I'm Spechless. This film is definitely one of the best 2017 has tooffer.Plot: Caesar and his ape family face the wrath of a ruthless Colonel.Story and direction: The film is basically an arc. It started withCaeser as a small child, then the Caesar who grew up for the torturehis community suffered and finally to fight back. This film is amasterpiece in itself. And not only in terms of production quality, butthe story is so pure. It touches upon things that I was quite shockedto see. The very first scene of this film, sets the tone of the film tobe very dark. But then we see that Caesar doesn't just want out to goon killing humans, he just want them to back off his ape community.Then we see his visions of Koba as to what he did to him. Blue Eyes'mate Lake was also a very significant character. I did resonate withher in the scene where she sees Blue Eyes after a long time. Butcertain events then happen, that force Caesar to do things that arequite dark. And then a dialogue, "You are no less than Koba" by Mauricewas so thought provoking. Then we have Nova, the girl who initially wasscared of the apes but finally decides to be with them in their cause,because she saw the apes for how good they were. And finally Bad Ape. Iguess that was a great addition to this franchise. His fear and hishumor (which was subtle) were all very justified. The way he says hegets his name was good. Michael Giacchino's music is to look out for.The VFX is top notch. It never felt like the VFX was fake. It felt sonatural. The sets too very magnificent and natural to the setting ofthe story.Performances: Andy Serkis should take a bow from me. What a performanceand what a genius he is. I couldn't imagine Caesar without this person.Woody Harrelson was also great as Colonel. He has his moments too.Amiah Miller was also great as Nova. Steve Zahn was just right for BadApe. Toby Kebbell was also good as the cold ape Koba (for the littlescreen time he received). A special mention to Terry Notary forMaurice. The way he supports Caesar is commendable.Favorite Scene: The scene where Caesar regrets not recognizing the hateKoba had for humans. Then Maurice says a very nice dialogue that onecannot know what feels inside. This dialogue has just made a seat in myminds. And it basically says about our society in general.Verdict: This is one of those films where I can say that the third partis the best. I couldn't take out a flaw in this film. I was spellboundas the credits were rolling. This film series will have a special placein my life.I am going to give this film a wholeheartedly deserving 10/10.