After seeing WAR for the first time, I left the theater not knowing howI felt about it. I had seen the film opening day being a huge fan ofthe rebooted trilogy and in love with the main characters in theprevious two films. Because I was so connected with the characters inthis film, the movie was not very enjoyable. I couldn't sit still, Ididn't take a bite of my popcorn, I only breathed a good two timesthroughout its run time, and the moment the end credits rolled I feltexhausted. I went home and pondered over how I felt about the movie andeven when I came to a conclusion I was unsure.That may have sounded harsh and you're now wondering why I would evergive this movie a 10, but I rated this movie a perfect because itreally was a perfect film, ending, and trilogy. I got to wondering whythe movie was so emotionally draining and I realized that this was thedirector, Matt Reeves', goal. I was so invested into the characters,(that are not even the same species as me,) that I couldn't bear towatch the torture some of them went through. I loved the characters somuch that I wanted to scream at the thought of losing one of them bythe end. The way we've seen these apes evolve throughout 3 films isexciting. The actors and directors do an amazing job at making certainapes lovable, some that we don't even know their names, the moreobvious ones being Ceaser, Maurice, and (my personal favorite) Rocket.Woody Harrelson sells his character for what is given, even thoughthere isn't much to work with. I understand where they were trying togo with his character, however he was used in a more story driven waythen a powerful presence as a villain, which I'm totally fine with. Hehad a very Hitler-esque way about him which was creepy and verysurprising. The title, War for the Planet of the Apes, is not necessarily referringto the War which was taking place subtly, however the inner conflicthappening within Ceaser's mind, which unlike other people, I adored. The new characters added into this film were risky, yet they reallyworked. Unlike some of the characters we've had since RISE, Nova andBad Ape are introduced into this final installment. Not having enoughtime to introduce both of these characters, Reeves manages to get theaudience to care for them both, which is pure art. Everyone knows the visuals are superb and unlike anything we've everseen so I won't elaborate on it more than that. (They're great.)Michael Giacchino's score is wonderful and my personal favorite of his.He brings a jungle feel and mixes it with soft piano lullaby's thatintrigues the audience just as much as the visuals. The film really tricks you into believing a certain character willfinally have a change of heart. However, they rip your heart out withone of the most shocking scenes I have ever witnessed, which is atragic yet remarkable piece of work. Those of you who have seen it knowwhat I'm talking about.The ending is perfectly executed, yet leaves you in a mourning state.In respect, I stayed through the end of the credits in mourning for oneof the greatest characters in film history. Andy Serkis has proved onceagain that he is the best actor in the game. Though I loved this movie, there was one major thing that I wasdisappointed with.(SPOILER) After watching DAWN, I was most excited to see more ofCeaser's son, Blue Eyes. I understand losing him drove the storyforward, however I was really disappointed we didn't get to see hischaracter grow. All in all, WAR FOR THE PLANET OF THE APES is a remarkable film. It isa great end to a trilogy and one of my favorite films of all time. Theteam behind this movie nailed every minute of it. Give the movie achance and see it again. Because I believe it is a masterpiece. ApesTogether Strong. Thanks for reading....-O