Let's start with the elephant in the room. If you were going to set upa remake of a Hercule Poirot film, you would not in a month of Sundayscast Kenneth Branagh as Poirot. Not just because he is nothing likeDavid Suchet but because he is nothing like the character that Christiedescribes. In this film, Branagh simply dresses up in a moustache andthinks that makes him into Poirot. Unless he thinks he is setting up abrand new version of Poirot, but he doesn't even do that. Don't get mewrong, I'm a fan of Branagh as an actor but his weakness is that healways plays himself somehow. I expect he was too busy trying todirect. Why on earth try to play the leading role and direct when thereare perfectly good directors and far better actors for this part? Truthbe said, this has all the hallmarks of a vanity project for Branagh.One suspects that Branagh cannot understand why everybody does notthink he is the world's greatest actor and by directing admire him evenmore. Actually the film is rather well directed but more of this later.Now, the rest of the cast play their parts well and are clearly welldirected. We see them clearly and we hear them clearly as they speaktheir lines to perfection. The film relies on it's plot and from thispoint of view it works really well. That said, the previous versionswere also very good but certainly not better. The fight scenes were absolutely ridiculous and if any one thing pushedthis film towards being a turkey, they did. Read the book Branagh andlearn!!!!!Now of course this film was not meant to be "realistic" in any sense,and clearly the producers and director wanted to product a visuallystunning tour-de-force. And stunning it is but in a very unrealisticway - it all looks a bit like a realistic cartoon. The special effectsare brilliantly done but they are very very obvious. The bridge, thetrain in the snow and the station look totally artificial although as Isay, very cleverly done. I have only to assume that this "Hugo" look isintentional. Now, I always comment on the cinematography. The 70mm film originationlooks stunning especially in the effects-driven swooping shots of thetrain in the mountains. The camera motion on the train, especiallyconsidering the narrow corridors is top class and Haris ZambarlouKosmust take credit for doing a great job here. I'm assuming the over useof shots looking down from the ceiling and the tracking shot early onof people walking through the train from the exterior were Branaghdriven - they were unnecessary and irritating but some of us found themfun.Near the end of this film Poirot - well Branagh of course as he isnothing like Poirot, alludes to Death On The Nile. Let's hope that ifthey have a go at that one, they get a decent Poirot! BUT actually I thoroughly enjoyed this very deeply flawed film! Unlikea couple in the row in front. Said one to the other, I kid you not,"Nice cinema, shame about the film".