Incredible Hercule Poirot returns and it's Murder on the Orient Expressthat will have to take his presence once again. Going into this movieknowing how Poirot established himself as great detective you willprobably find it very delightful and sweetened but as soon as seriousaction and plot kicks in you will realize that it's not what youthought it will be. You have seen how serious cast of the movie is andwithout blink of an eye you will want to see this, it's not to blameyou but after coming to screening of it the excitement will come downas movie starts to come to it's end. Samuel Ratchett is murdered andPoirot tired and on vacation gets into his role and solves the crimeone more time. It started pretty amazing and with potential but asstory went it just kept losing it's so much needed tension and it willjust lack that mystery that keeps movie like this going. Pieces ofpuzzle start to get into it's places as you find out more and yourealize movie is trying to play tricks with you but if you have beencareful you will not get distracted and will find movie prettyastonishing from directing point of view and there are some prettybeautiful scenes in movie. Plot is also great but somehow it just can'tlive up to it's true potential which will get you stuck to you seat andin wonder what will strike next. Directing of Kenneth Branagh waspretty amazing and also his contribution as main character HerculePoirot as which he gave a truly good performance proving his talentover and over. Rest of cast featuring Penélope Cruz, Willem Dafoe, JudiDench, Johnny Depp, Josh Gad, Derek Jacobi, Leslie Odom Jr., MichellePfeiffer, Daisy Ridley and Tom Bateman gave probably as much as any ofthem had some of them even stole scenes more than others but theydidn't have that power of intimidation that could help us being draggedinto picture and scenes. Movie was stunning to watch, cast was verygood at their job but they just could get their hands on attractingaudience enough to care for all mystery. One more thing portrayingjourney and placing actions of movie between Vinkovci and Brod waspretty amazing seeing all scenes but showing it as mountains that evenAlps could envy considering that part of Croatia is the flattest andmountain free was just absurd but all in all it was amazing scene.2.5/4