What I do not like about this movie is the basic message: Humans incomparison to animals cannot be trusted, they show no mercy, theanimals reach the higher ethical ground and should survive and reignthe world.How is the goal of this message achieved? First, the whole movie plotis filmed from the perspective of the ape- society, their families,their friends, their love and their sorrows. Unlike the perfectlyarranged classical Charleton Heston movies in the 60s which bore ashock element in a dark post-nuclear, post-apocalyptic world, wheremankind destroyed itself, this movie aims at showing the worthlessnessof human beings. The little blonde girl whose father got shot dead byCesar, didn't loose a single teardrop for her father, but after a shortwhile befriends herself with the apes, starts crying for a deadgorilla, who gave her a flower, gives water and food to the imprisonedkiller of her father, Cesar, and feels herself quite comfortable nowgrowing up as a monkey daughter in the sense of a Tarzan, yet in aconsiderable lower social position. Second, other humans, except maybe for Woody Harrelson as a pittifulleader of a small company, do not have character depth in this movie,and are basically the enemies, and except for the little blonde girl,they all die, either killed by monkeys, by themselves, or by a snowavalanche.What a stupid movie! What a stupid message! Worthliness of human beingsis being shown here. Of course the human is bad from nature (describedas sinner), as the Bible tells us, but he is not worthless, and as Godscreation is above the animals. Here you see the perversion of this ideato the extent.Now to the ambiance: Cold, snowy, Alaska-like landscape, no cities, nolarger Human or animal dwelling places. Most of the time 5 apes and thelittle blonde girl take the central part in the non-inhabited borealwilderness on seek of revenge.The fights: starting with a tactical nonsense Human uphill assault withwell equipped tactical weapons against spears and still being lost.Only 3 humans and a silver-backed Gorilla get captivated, and after ashort interrogation get released by Cesar, but later become hisfiercest enemies again. Major explosions quite in the end of thisalmost two hours movie. I spare to pinpoint the many flaws of thefights there, just dumb.Better title in this case would be: "War for the little ape reserve inthe Northern Alaska (or whatever landscape it represented)"Cesar's portrayal - in the beginning: the good leader - in the middle:the bad revenge seeker - at last: and the ugly Spartacus in theworkingcamp Conclusion of the movie: all humans dead (except girlie whofeels herself as a monkey) and the long exodus to sunny monkey landnext to a big evening-sun-bathed lake, where they all lived happilythere after,...oh no, not all, Cesar finally died from his arrow wound,which he survived for the 1000 km trek through the deserts of deathValley (or whatever location it represented), with a last glimpse ofhis little monkey-boy playing with the little blonde human girl, hedied right in the arms of his Orang-Utan friend Murksy, Mopsy...forgotthe name. Bad.1/10