Wow, I didn't see this coming! I had seen previews and since I'm aBritish mystery book enthusiast, I very much was interested in themovie. But my expectations were not very high, because of all thedisappointing drek that Hollywood has been churning out in recenthistory. Hollywood seems to have been having a really rough time intrying to make good movies lately.So I was very surprised at just how good this movie turned out to be.It's filmed in a very classical style, and reminds me of older movies,when they knew how to make good movies. Great atmosphere of a luxurytrain in the 1930s, and the train interior scenes are done in a waythat doesn't feel cramped at all, like you might think. It all feelsvery natural. The ensemble cast is excellent. My favorite characters and performancesin the movie were Kenneth Branagh as the esteemed detective HerculePoirot, Willem Dafoe as Professor Gerhard Hardman, and especiallyMichelle Pfeiffer as Caroline Hubbard.I don't know what it is about Michelle Pfeiffer, but I have taken areal liking to her as she has become an older actress. I used to notlike her at all when she was "young and hot", but now I think she is areally good actress and I'm excited to see her name in a film. Here,she is really superb playing a mature woman who still has a wild streakin her, and she almost steals the entire movie all by herself.But Kenneth Branagh also gives a sterling performance, and I was veryimpressed by his portrayal of the detective Poirot in the movie. He waspretty amazing in how authentic the character came across as, and had ahell of a presence in the movie, basically anchoring the whole moviearound his performance.Willem Dafoe was solid, as usual, as a fine character actor. And he hada really good reveal type scene near the end of the film, I thought.That said, the acting from all the characters in the movie, both majorand minor, was of a very high caliber overall.The film's mystery is based on the famous Agatha Christie novel, whichI must confess I never read. So, the entire plot was a surprise to me,and I have to say it was a damn fine mystery! I now know why this bookis one of Agatha Christie's most famous mystery novels, its quitefantastic! I didn't see the solution coming at all, and even though Ihave read numerous detective books and seen a ton of mystery TV shows,the climax even surprised me, which shows just how special this mysteryreally is -- definitely written by a master.My only real criticism is that the film is shot in 65mm, which givesthe film kind of a fantasy, story-book like look to the whole film. Alot of the landscape shots especially looked fake and like CGI becauseof this. I prefer the more realistic look that you get from normal 35mm film. A minor complaint is the film feels a bit rushed to me, and maybeshould have been half an hour longer. This is a very unusual complaintcoming from me, because I don't like and often will criticize the toolong running times of many movies these days. But this movie felt likeit could have used another half hour to expand upon, and not feel sorushed.I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys traditional stylemysteries, it really is a must-see!