The new 'Planet of the Apes' franchise has been an unexpected andsurprising success, easily equaling the quality of its iconic ancestrallineage, or even arguably surpassing it. 'Dawn of the Planet of theApes' was always going to be a tough act to follow but thankfully 'War'bucks the trilogy trend of the third film often being a lesserinstallment. It's not as well executed or as well structured as 'Dawn',but it's an excellent film nonetheless and builds upon an already richmythology that offers up an elaborate explanation as to how CharltonHeston came back from space to find himself on a damn monkey planet.Matt Reeves returns for directing duties and recaptures the sameforeboding and tension he evoked the last time around. This is a verydownbeat and bleak movie, so much so I actually had to remind myselfthat this is a summer blockbuster produced and released by 20th CenturyFox. It's incredible to think that something as dark as this can stillsneak under the wire and into the mainstream, and we should all bethankful of that fact. Andy Serkis has graduated across the series frombeing the plot device of 'Rise', to the dual protagonist of 'Dawn', tothe full-on lead character of 'War', and his motion capturedperformance is truly remarkable. You can even tell it's his face atcertain points - a sneer here, a frown there - and I fully believe thisperformance should qualify him for an Academy Award nomination for LeadActor. He's the crown jewel of this franchise and he leads the chargefrom beginning to end this time around. I also have to make room forSteve Zahn's performance as a newly introduced ape, who is about theclosest thing to a comic relief this film gets and his comic timing andtender eccentricity allows some breathing room between all the doom andgloom. The crowning achievement of this trilogy is its ability toseamlessly blend technological craft with human artistry. I have alwaysfavoured practical effects over CGI, but my god, even I can't deny justhow magnificent the visual effects are. This is as close to photo- realyou will see.The title of the film is somewhat of a mislead since it's a muchsmaller and more intimate story this time around, and I feel there wasmore of an epic war taking place in 'Dawn'. This is much more of arevenge tale, framed through the eyes of our protagonist Caesar, who wehave seen grow up and mature into a leader across the two previousfilms, which lends a greater sense of dimension and complexity to hischaracter. Watching him and his clan strike back against the remnantsof the human race becomes an interesting exercise for us. As humanbeings we are naturally predisposed to the survival of our species,even in fiction, and usually films set in a post-apocalyptic world tendto lean heavily towards that as the goal. The 'Apes' films ask us to dosomething else - they ask us to root AGAINST the human race, and thatdoes create a conflict within us as viewers. Not all humans are bad,and we know where this story is taking us once you factor in 'Planet ofthe Apes' 1968, yet at the same time these apes are every bit ascomplex and fallible and heroic and dangerous as we are. They have anequal right to live and build a future together. And while this filmdefinitely comes down on the side of the apes, unlike 'Dawn' whichshowed the failings of both sides to make peace, it is a strangeexperience rooting for them to win this time around since there are noreal human allies like James Franco or Jason Clarke's characters. Inany other film, the apes would be the villains and Woody Harrelson'sColonel character makes a good case as to why he sees it that way, eventhough the filmmakers jettison his humanity in order to paint him as amore out-and-out villain. After all, we, the audience, have to be onside come the finale, especially come the arrival of an unexpected deusex machina.This has been an intelligent and emotionally and morally complex seriesof films that have raised interesting questions about animal rights,speciesism, societal hierarchies, leadership and subservience,communication, conflict and peace. They are not simply mindless sci- fimovies cashing in on an existing property. Both of the previous filmshave been deeply thoughtful explorations of those aforementioned themesand ideas. So I am very pleased to report that 'War for the Planet ofthe Apes' proudly carries that torch all the way through to itsbeautifully biblical final moments.