When was the last time Hollywood gave us a true old school style"whodunit" type of film? (Don't strain your brain here. You can take itas rhetorical.) These types of stories, where a detective is presentedwith a crime scene and figures it all out with just their intellect andpowers of observation have always been a big part of my life. Trying tofigure out the culprit before its eventual reveal was alwayschallenging to me, and putting these stories on the big screen havekind of faded into the background. So, what do you do when you want tobring them back? Call Kenneth Branagh.In his latest film, he brings to life one of the most famous detectivenovels in Agatha Christie's "Murder on the Orient Express". He playsthe famous (and infamous, depending on who you are) Belgian detectiveHercule Poirot, who is taking a bit of a vacation on his way to hisnext case on the famous Orient Express. Unfortunately, fate has its ownplans for him as a murder most foul (I have always wanted to use thatphrase in a review) happens during a snowstorm that derails the train.No one is seen by Poirot as innocent as he questions the passengers,follows the clues, and races against time to solve the case before thelocal authorities arrive and could accuse the wrong person of themurder.OK, so let me run down the cast for you: Johnny Depp, MichellePfeiffer, Daisy Ridley, Leslie Odom, Jr., Tom Bateman, Josh Gad,Penelope Cruz, Derek Jacobi, Olivia Coleman, Willem Defoe, and DameJudi Dench. And yes, they are ALL in this thing, as well as Branagh,who also directed. Given all of that paired with the fact that thisruns less than two hours, and I was intrigued on multiple levels. Andtrust me here: this film does not disappoint. Sure, there are someliberties taken from the source material, but none of them are so farout of the norm that will drive the fans of any previous iterations ofthis story. Branagh is truly enjoyable as the character who is a geniusbut has his own issues that actually enhance his powers of observation,and his direction is top-notch here. This is gorgeously shot, includinga few shots where there is a nod to the old ways of effects, giving atighter and more nostalgic feel to the modern telling of this tale.The performances here are exactly what I expected from a cast of thiscaliber. With a story that has been around as long as "Murder on theOrient Express" has been (the book was written in 1934), there is a bitof a minefield when it comes to bringing it to life that could easilyfall down the slope into parody or cariacature, but diversescreenwriter Michael Green, whose resume covers everything from "GreenLantern" to "Everwood" and even "Logan," is able to write dialogue thatlets the actors really get into the skins of these characters to treatthem with the proper respect and dignity. Yes, there ARE a fewliberties taken with the characters themselves, but there was nothingdone that gave me even a little bit of growling. Each character has itsown arc and motivations that work into the larger picture in a way thatis engaging with no wasted space at all.There will be people that will find this film to be a bit outlandish,but I feel that those people are those that have not taken the time toreally study the genre. Not every film has to dumb itself down to caterto the lowest common denominator, and I really enjoy it when a filmtells me to engage my suspension of disbelief and simply entertain me.For great escapism and a reminder of a simpler time, "Murder on theOrient Express" achieves this goal for an audience that can trulyappreciate its greatness.