So obvious that the writers Mark Bomback, Matt Reeves, Rick Jaffa,Amanda Silver know nothing about anything U.S. Military related.Author Pierre Boulle of 1963 La Planete des Singes, must be doingbackflips in his grave.The original Planet of the Apes movies (1968, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973)were much better and closer to what the book was about.These Remakes (to cater to the Millennials (ages 18 to 39)) are just asdisappointing as Tim Burton's Failed 2001 Remake, Planet of the Apes.War, what War?, more like a small skirmish.(Spoiler) At the Opening Scenes U.S. Military do NOT bunch up and getclose together as one handgrenade, RPG, landmine will kill many. U.S.Military use Night Vision Devices to obtain a significant advantage,instead of rifle mounted flashlights with visible laser aiming devices.(Spoiler) U.S. Military do not choose places that give the Enemy ANYTactical Advantages (at the bottom of a valley surrounded by mountains,low locations, places that can be flooded, flat terrain). They wouldnever have been at a location subject to rock slides, nor avalanches.(Spoiler) Standard Operating Procedure U.S. Military do NOT Charge intoEnemy Machineguns like World War 1, World War 2, Korean War. Currentidea is to use Airstrikes, Cruise Missile Attacks, "Drone" Strikes,Field Artillery, Mortars, Grenade Launchers from a distance (out ofEnemy Weapons Range) to completely eliminate the Enemy. Using theseFires the Enemy is trapped like in a trash compacter, with the Firesbehind, to the flanks of the Enemy, with the Fires behind the Enemypreventing Resupply or Reinforcements (Ape Cavalry would have becomehorse meat dog food), the Fires behind the Enemy moves closer forcingthe Enemy to leave their Defensive Positions and attack U.S. MilitaryMachinegun fortifications and defensive positions, result the Enemygets slaughtered.Humans have had Thousands of Years to develop the Art of War, the Apesnothing, yet the Movie Writers make the Apes appear to have Graduatefrom U.S. Military War College.Woody Harrelson, needs to go back to doing what he did best, thatinnocent ignorant Cheers Employee, not a Colonel, U.S. Militaryroutinely does Psychological Exams, Woody Harrelson would have nevermade it from O-1 (Second Lieutenant) to O-2 (First Lieutenant) with allthe blunders he made.The Authors need to stop using the successful Anti War movie ApocalypseNow 1979 as a template, and get creative with their own ideas. Watchingthis was like watching a Political Correct (script written by PETA, asHumans Bad, Animals Good) G Rated version of R Rated Apocalypse Now.