Before i saw this movie i looked at some people's opinions about it andi saw mostly negative reviews, so i was really nervous going into thismovie thinking that i would have had the same reaction to it andseriously i have no idea what those people are talking about. So War for the planet of the apes is the 3rd film in the newprequel/Reboot of the planet of the apes movies. And this is aboutCaeser going on a journey to stop a war between his apes and an army ofhighly trained soldiers, while he also tries to control his moreviolent instincts. First the obvious, the CGI is amazing and is truly a technologicalmarvel to cinema. Andy Serkis once again plays the ape ruler Caesar andis easily the best movie character in recent years, in each film he hasgotten progressively better and in this one it is definitely the bestperformance. The story is great and is well acted throughout. Thismovie is also an amazing drama. There are a lot of moments that justmake you jerk a tear every once in a while and its believable. Theaction sequences are pretty good too. Woody Harrelson plays the coloneland he does a pretty good job at it (He is not as good as koba butstill good). He is just a character that you can relate to and youunderstand why he is doing all of this. Caesar and the colonel arepretty relatable. As much as i would love to say how great this movieis, i better stop right here. I loved every part of this movie and i did not find anything i did notlike about it, but i am gonna talk about why i think most people weredisappointed with this film. So if you watched all the trailers andlooked at the title you may be expecting one thing, a ton of apes andhumans fighting with guns and rockets. But although there is some ofthat in this movie, its definitely not the main point of it. This movieto its core is about the war that a person faces emotionally while waris happening around him. We see this concept with Caesar all the waythrough the movie. It also talks about what terrible things a person or people would do ina war. Woody Harrelson's character does what he does because hebelieves that the entire human race is going to go extinct if he doesnot act. I mean, would you do that if you knew that you could slowly bereplaced by another species? So some people do not like this film because they were expecting a fullon hardcore war movie. And it is that, but it really is a commentaryabout how a person has a war within themselves when war is happeningaround them. And people either missed, did not care, or did notunderstand the more darker themes about this movie. But anyway, in the end i thought this movie was a masterpiece in everyway it could have been. It has amazing CGI, performances, actionsequences, dark themes, tear jerking moments, and a beautiful moral toit. A+ or 10/10 APES TOGETHER STRONG!