Murder on the Orient Express is the second most known mystery novel bythe Agatha Christie, the best selling mystery novelist in of all time.And it's a pretty good book, with a very out there mystery whichPoirot, in his usual manner, sums up in a seemingly impossible seriesof logical leaps right at the end as all the twists and turns aresuddenly revealed.And therein lies the problem with this movie. Oh, to go over the rest,well it's fine and dandy. Branagh brings a great, thoroughlyentertaining Poirot to the screen. Really he's the reason I enjoyed itat all. The rest of the cast feels like they're giving a good effort aswell, even if most of them don't have enough screen time, or lines, tobe as effective as they might have been.Heck I'll give an extra bonus to Daisy Ridley, who gives the bestperformance of all them next to Branagh himself, and that with far lessscreen time to do so. Other than being obviously too young for the partshe's playing she's near perfect in the role. And while I'm praisingthe movie I might say I'd be tempted to vote it for best Cinematographyin the Oscars. It's an absolutely gorgeous film at times.But, well it's a mystery film. And that's getting back to the problemthat lies at the heart of it, which is that writer Michael Greendoesn't give the audience nearly enough credit in figuring out what theactual mystery is; nor does he give the actual mystery part near enoughfocus. Unlike the book we are given far, far too many real suspects,and far too many hints and coincidences to really be blown away byPoirot's revelations by the end. Instead of a dramatic, shocking twistending that makes the likes of The Usual Suspects and The Sixth Sensefeel like they broadcast and foreshadowed their endings to the highheavens we just get an "Oh. OK I guess. That makes sense."And this preys upon the rest of the movie as well. It isn't an engagingmystery where the mystery itself is the star of the show, and we'rehoned in on trying to figure it out. Instead it plays more like acharacter piece with the amiable Poirot himself as the star, ratherthan the mystery where the focus should be. Which is a shame really.The writer does a very nice job otherwise of adapting a book that couldbe a stage play into something more filmic. All the characters areintroduced well, taking Poirot's personalityless Watson clone/foil outentirely works out wonderfully. But a mystery without the mystery asthe star really does fall short in a fundamental way.