The only thing i liked about the flick is some of the photo-jazz.Interesting how some reviewers like to critique other reviewers. Isupposed that's natural. Funny, how the one reviewer said he was acoward for not leaving the theater halfway through and weeps forcinema. I get that. Another said the new SpiderMan was trash and can'tunderstand people liking Spiderman and disliking this show. For me,each was junky bunky but for different reasons. The writing and plotwere bad but this Planet of the Apes is just old and poor stuff. Thefirst one was enough. Trying to anthropomorphize apes and God andanything else we can think of gets old. Being talked down to byHollywood gets old with their main purpose, still, money. One monkeyhas 'stunted jabber' like Hollywood put in the mouths of early cowboyIndian movies, the Zoo Monkey. And, Ceasar is an articulate son of agun who can communicate with words to all other lesser types who knowsign language. Somehow, those not knowing how to speak with voiceunderstand 'voice'. They all utter and it's all utter nonsense. Wishfulthinking and humans grappling for some delusional empathy bounces allthrough the film. There's a phony short of the mark 'empathy' which themovie makers try to be getting at. I saw a little film called 'DOG'SPURPOSE' which was so superior to this film while delivering such amore powerful , empathetic and real interpretation of the whole humanvs animal trip. The one ape wondering why pictures were so small whenlooking through the binoculars was an attempt at humor but was juststupid. That , alone , ought to get one to walk out of a theater. Toeach their own. I think children, little kids could get something fromthis flick but just a turn off for me at 74.I wonder if i went out on adate with someone and i hated this show and they loved it would we havemuch in common? I don't know. Sensibilities are so complex and i don'tthink reactions and sympathies can be easily measured. I don'tunderstand how anyone can really like this junk with the same vigorsomeone who loves this show can't understand why i think it's monkeyjunk. So be it. We can find common ground elsewhere get differingthings out of different things. This movie didn't do a thing for me nofeeling, no humor nothing interesting going on. The only guy i muchlike is the dude who was shot dead when he said he was going to put thewood down. Some guy wants to surrender and Caesar shoots him dead.Then, Ceaser shoots a suffering deaf mute. Give me a break!