Caesar (Andy Serkis) believes his clan must leave the Woods and go tothe Desert where they will be safe from the Army. But he won'taccompany them until he kills the Colonel (Woody Harrelson) who killedhis wife and son.This is nothing short of a masterpiece and I don't say that lightly.The acting, stunts, CGI and cinematography are all outstanding. Twothings: Andy Serkis must be nominated for Best Actor and, of course, soshould Woody Harrelson as anytime he is in a movie, the Academy shouldautomatically award him a Best Actor Award as he is that good whetherin a comedy or in a drama. And, yes, the movie itself should benominated for Best Picture and the Director for Best Director. Hey,this is an epic movie and the music says so too. So there!This is not all Ape against Ape and the Army. Well, it is but thefighting is not as prevalent as most would think. The powers that besaw that constant fighting is not the answer to a good movie. And so itis. A breath of fresh air is the little girl (Amiah Miller) Caesar finds onhis way to find the Colonel. She is named Nova after a Chevy Nova logo.She doesn't talk and we don't know the reason for that. Caesar's menshot dead her father or her guardian as we don't know exactly who hewas. A very strange scene has her looking at her dead father orguardian with no emotion at all. However, later on she will get to youand you may need that box of Kleenex. A sort of comic relief is Bad Ape (Steve Zahn) who is against anydecision by Caesar and his men, but eventually he always gives in. Hisscenes would have been funnier had the Director stretched out hismisgivings because he was that good. Ah, well, we can't haveeverything. The supporting cast is impeccable. Maurice (Karin Konoval) is Caesar'schief confidant; Red Donkey (Ty Olsson) is a chief enforcer for theColonel; and Toby Kebbel as Koba who is only seen in Caesar's visionsor dreams ? if you remember, Koba is the more aggressive Ape who wasconstantly against Caesar. All in all this is a very satisfying movie and I didn't want it to end(Even though it was a little too long?) (10/10)Violence: Yes. Sex: No. Nudity: No. Langjuage: No. Rating: A