The way this version was handled was heavy handed and dark. Not thatmurder shouldn't be just that, but the 1974 was handled with more of alightness and the script just breezed along. This version just was solong, too wordy and had many unnecessary scenes, especially in thebeginning of the movie (however, I did like the Middle Eastern musicplaying in the background of part of the beginning). I did like thecamera work even though a lot of it was CG. I didn't care for thescript delving into Poirot's past. I've always thought that he shouldremain a sort of enigma. Let's face it, you can't beat the star powerof the 1974 version. I only knew six members of this cast. It's goodthat the younger cast is getting a chance to be in something like thisfor the experience, but all of them were mediocre. This also includedthe well known cast and I love Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, JudiDench, but they weren't given much to work with. The only stand out wasDerek Jacobi with his (I think English Midlands accent). He wasbelievable in his part.I think that Kenneth Branaugh is trying to make a comeback of sorts. Hewas the darling, the new Lawrence Olivier of the 1990's. I personallythink that his time came and went. Please, Mr. Branaugh, don't make are-make of "Death on the Nile". Leave that one to Peter Ustinov and youshould have left this one to Albert Finney. If you do decide that youabsolutely need to make or re-make any of the Poirot's, lose the majormustache and the heavy Belgian accent. I could barely understand whatyou were saying. Mr. Finney, Mr. Ustinov and Mr. Suchet did not need tolay their accents on thick. A person could actually understand whatthey were saying. In other words, please try your hand at somethingelse for your film comeback. This wasn't it.I'm giving it a 3 because of the camera work. I did stay till the endof the credits because I thought that I recognized the voice singingthe end song and I wanted to see if I was right. It was who I thoughtthat it was. Mystery solved.