It's strange to think that over the last 10 years or so we've had twopopular incarnations of world-famous detective Sherlock Holmes, but noreal big incarnation of Christie's wonderful Belgian detective, HerculePoirot. Although the David Suchet series only ended in 2013, theseepisodes never reached the heights of popularity like we saw withBenedict Cumberbatch's or Robert Downey Jr.'s Sherlock. So it's aboutdamn time something was done about it ? so thank you Kenneth Branagh!Adapted from one of Christie's most famous novels, this version ofMurder on the Orient Express brings with it a very impressive cast forBranagh's Poirot to interrogate his way through and find the murderer.We've seen Branagh take on Shakespeare and even Marvel? so how does hefare with a bit of Christie? Well, fortunately the excellent and variedcast keep the film consistently engaging, captivating us as only thesefine actors can do; but a lack of consistent style and slightly messyreveals overshadow what could have been quite an exceptional whodunit.As far as the actual story itself goes, it really is exceptional; it'sdifficult to fault Christie and her intricate plots and directorBranagh and writer Michael Green really do put across the story well.Yet the way the story's told doesn't quite seem to do the book justice.We've seen from BBC's Sherlock that when filmed well investigations canbe delightfully exciting and lavishly filmed in a really stylishmanner, flashbacks and effects utilised in a way to make eachrevelation and finding of a clue thrilling. Here however, clues areoften underwhelming and almost forgettable, their importance notnecessarily highlighted leaving it a little cluttered and making usfeel slightly lost at times. All this culminates in a slightlyunderwhelming finale where we're still trying to play catch up withPoirot and navigate the maze of clues and motivations.Still, despite this, detecting and investigating the murder with Poirotcan still at times be fun, feeling like we're part of the action. Thisis best done right at the beginning during a sort of mini-case, similarto small action scenes at the beginning of James Bond films; this scenein particular is done very well. A lot of this is down to the quips andjokes that come from Poirot, really making his character and adding apersonality to the film. Sadly this doesn't last for the entirety,actually starting to stop around the time of the murder. This is ashame since the film loses an element of its personality when thelaughs stop. Still, when they're there, they really do help for us tofall in love with Poirot.Most of that though is down to Kenneth Branagh, whose performance isexcellent. If you think David Suchet is the only one who could playPoirot, this film will convince you otherwise. With an understandableand mercilessly non-annoying French/ Belgian accent, Branagh'sincarnation is absolutely likable and played to perfection; you can'thave too much of him and that wondrous moustache. The only issue thoughis perhaps there's too much Poirot; if you weren't already aware of therest of the cast, you'd be forgiven for thinking they were all unknownsinstead of A-list actors. This is definitely a Branagh film, witheveryone else in supporting roles? but then again, when he's as greatas he is, it's really hard to care.This doesn't mean to say that the rest of the cast are just throwawaycelebrity cameos. On the contrary, where the middle section is lessdetecting and more a series of interrogations, it could easily edge onbeing dull and monotonous. However this is saved by sharp dialogue and,more than this, the excellent cast. It's a shame they don't interacttogether more; we usually see them with Poirot as opposed to eachother. Still the cast is eclectic and all-starred ? quite simply anabsolute joy to behold. They make every scene polished and fun towatch, each delivering stand-out performances with unique characterswith different sides, never letting us know who we should trust.Then again, that's what you expect from a whodunit ? a tense atmospherewhere you can't trust anyone. Sadly there's rarely a particularly tensescene, something that feels particularly lacking. Considering they'retrapped in a train because of an avalanche, snow surrounding andisolating them, the barren outside a deathly cold mountain, you'd havethought this would be an excellent way of heightening theclaustrophobia and sinister atmosphere. Instead, although the sceneryis beautifully filmed, it looks more like a Christmas card than adeadly setting for a murder investigation.On the whole a solid whodunit thriller, but a bit of a mixed bag. Whilethe style, atmosphere and slow unveiling of the mystery isn't as strongor fun as it could be, Kenneth Branagh and his inimitable Poirotmoustache leads a phenomenal all-star cast with some excellentperformances. With a sequel set up in the end scene, I think you canrest assured that before too long Poirot will be on the case again.