'Murder on the Orient Express' as a book is, speaking as a big AgathaChristie fan, one of her best with a compelling and twisty story, manycharacters that are also nicely developed and one of her most ingeniousendings (along with 'And Then There Were None', 'Death on the Nile','The Murder of Roger Ackroyd' and 'Witness for the Prosecution').Of the four filmed adaptations of 'Murder on the Orient Express' theonly outstanding one is the 1974 Sidney Lumet film, which is one of thebest cinematic Agatha Christie adaptations to me. The others are theDavid Suchet version, which is often considered one of the worst of theseries but from personal opinion while very flawed it's better thangiven credit for, and the 2001 Alfred Molina version which is a mess.This latest version has a good deal going for it but feels like anadaptation too far. Actually saw it a couple of days ago, but was notsure what my thoughts on it were.Let's start with 'Murder on the Orient Express's' good things. It is avery beautiful film visually, very elegantly shot, lots of stunningscenery, sumptuous costumes that are evocative of the period and atrain that has the grandeur and claustrophobic confinement that isnecessary. The make-up is also wonderfully elaborate. The story doeshave some intriguing moments and it is a very clever one in the firstplace. Poirot is an interesting as he should be. Kenneth Branagh does avery nice job with the visual style, the script is thought-provokingand Poirot's crime-solving is delightful. The relative faithfulness tothe source material is commendable too.He also stars as Poirot and generally is surprisingly good, he is verycommanding, suitably steely and captures his crime-solving skillsbeautifully. He could however have brought out more of Poirot's lighterand more eccentric side, like the obsessiveness, there isn't enough ofthat here. The cast is star studded and generally the acting is verygood. Standouts include Judi Dench, Michelle Pfeiffer, a surprisinglywell-cast and suitably conflicted Josh Gad and Daisy Ridley, DerekJacobi and Willem Dafoe also make much of not very much.Conversely, there are other elements that don't work. The mysteryitself is intriguing as a story but doesn't have enough tension orenergy. With so many characters and so much focus on Poirot, theexploration of the supporting characters is limited, meaning many ofthe characters are really sketchy in development. Branagh excels in thevisual side of the direction but it comes at the expense at providingenough depth to the mystery.The film has a slow and awkwardly staged beginning and the ingeniousdenouement feels under-cooked and contrived for an ending sojustifiably famous and brilliant. Just to make it clear, the problem isnot the denouement itself, it's the execution of it that's the problem.While the cast are on very good form mostly, an exception is JohnnyDepp. Really didn't get the sense that Rachett was a nasty piece ofwork, like in the book and especially Toby Jones' interpretation in theSuchet adaptation when talking of the previous versions, and that theperformance was too much of a pale caricature of Depp's lesser roles.Have really liked a lot of what Patrick Doyle has done, but this is notone of his better music scores. It's not awful, but it is blandlyuninspired and its slightly syrupy feel doesn't fit. Oh, and Branagh'smoustache is like a character of its own and am really not sure as towhether that is a compliment or not.In summary, some good things that stops it from completely derailingbut the lack of steam makes it a bland endeavour, this wonderful storyand Christie deserve better. 5/10 Bethany Cox