*Just to note, "Do You Find This Review Helpful?" doesn't mean if youagree with the reviewer's opinion or not, but rather, it means if thereview actually describes the film, and what are its pros and cons. Soplease, don't just click 'No' below instantly. Thanks!*Thor: Ragnarok is the 17th film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Ibrought that up just to tell you that Marvel is still standing stronguntil today, even at its seventeenth film, and the fact that this isone of my favorite Marvel films.I'm glad the film takes Thor differently. Unlike the first two, whichare both mostly boring and trying to be very serious, this film is fun,and energetic.The best thing about this film is that it's probably the most fun entryof MCU. It's 90% filled with humor. Almost all of the main actors inthe cast steals the movie. Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, CateBlanchett, and even Taika Waititi as Korg. They were all veryinteresting and funny characters, thanks to these actors that did greatin their roles.I also have to give props to Taika Waititi for his direction. The filmfeels very fast-paced (in a good way), energetic, and fun overall. Thereason why it's different to most of what MCU gave us so far is that,again, it's filled with humor most of the time. It's just a straight upsuperhero-comedy film. And that's what makes is MCU's most audaciousfilm yet.Sure, the previous MCU films may have humor, but throughout the film,it's laughs and giggles. Though it sounds bad that the film is mainlycomedic, the way the comedy is executed is very well done.Another plus for me is the action is very well-executed and visuallystunning. The film is very colorful, and I loved the animation for theclosing credits.The only flaw for me in this film is that there may be a lot of jokesin some scenes. There's this one joke, and then there's another. Inreturn, the viewer wouldn't handle all of it. It's a minor flaw, but Ithought of it, so I had to include it here.Overall, it's a very fun and colorful film. Easily the best of the Thorfilms, one of Waititi's best works as a director, and one of MCU's bestefforts.Final Rating: 9/10 | A