In some alternate reality, a movie bearing the title of Thor: Ragnarokhas taken itself very seriously indeed: full of literal doom and gloom,it's an apocalyptic drama about the End of Days, as prophesied by Norsemythology. Since that pretty much describes the world in which wecurrently live, it's actually rather fitting that Marvel's 17th studiofilm is something else entirely. In our reality, Thor: Ragnarok is awild, wacky and very welcome blast of pure joy - a raucous comedy thatfuses an intergalactic road trip with buddy comedy, brotherly rivalryand battle domes. Thank Thor (and director Taika Waititi) for that!We reunite with Thor (Hemsworth) - still free of new Infinity Stones,freshly confident that he's once again warded off the fabled Ragnarok -just as he discovers that something is rotten in the state of Asgard.As teased at the end of Thor: The Dark World, Loki (Hiddleston), hisshape-shifting trickster brother, has been impersonating their ailingdad, Odin (Hopkins). When Odin's strength finally fails, the darksecret he's been keeping at bay storms into the lives of his sons: Hela(Blanchett), their bloodthirsty older sister, is back to claim thethrone she believes is rightfully hers.For (largely) better or (occasionally) worse, Thor: Ragnarok doesn'tdwell as much on the royal family drama as its predecessors did.Instead, its second act plays out on the candy-coated, death-dealingplanet of Sakaar. Ruled by the whims and fancies of the Grandmaster(Goldblum dialled to 11), Sakaar's people are relentlessly entertainedin their very own battle dome. (Think the gladiatorial contests ofancient Rome, with holographic screens and super-powered alien beings.)Following an initial devastating confrontation with Hela, Thor isstranded on Sakaar, and brought in by the mercenary Valkyrie (Thompson)to stand against the raging primal force of the Hulk (Ruffalo) - notquite the "friend from work" Thor remembers. If that all sounds like serious business, rest assured it's very muchnot. There's a gentle wit threaded through every frame of this film - aglorious, big-hearted silliness that fans of Taika Waititi willremember (and treasure) from such indie comedy gems as What We Did InThe Shadows and Hunt For The Wilderpeople. Miraculously, Waititi hasmanaged to infuse this gargantuan, green-screened epic with histrademark offbeat vibe, best exemplified in the way key plot points arerevealed (via sardonic monologue or ironic stage play) and thecharacter he plays (Korg, a chirpy rock monster who befriends Thorbefore our hero heads into the arena). Waititi's involvement is a blessing for pretty much everyone involvedin the film, but especially for Hemsworth. It's not that he hasn't beengood in his previous appearances as the God of Thunder throughout thefranchise - he was suavely charming in Thor and resolutely grim in TheDark World. But he's so remarkably good here, switching effortlesslybetween bright-eyed puppy and care-worn leader, that it feels like he'sfinally come home. Hemsworth's performance in this film is a fantasticbalance of sunshine, silliness and subversiveness, and it's a joy tobehold.It's clear, too, that everyone in the cast - including respectedveterans like Hopkins and Blanchett - were delighted to partake in thefilm's mirth and mayhem. Ruffalo continues to play the dual aspects ofBruce Banner - looming brute and mild-mannered professor - with so muchwinning charm that you want him to get his own Hulk movie, stat.Hiddleston is totally game for playing up the odd- couple comedy ofLoki's rivalry with Thor, while shading unexpected complexity into hischaracter's machinations. Thompson swaggers off with practically everyscene she's in, finding the heart, humour and heroism in an Asgardianwarrior who's lost her way. Perhaps more impressively, Waititi handles every Marvel blockbuster'srequisite action scenes with more clarity and flair than you'd expectfrom an indie director. He manages to find character and comedy beatseven in swooping spaceship chases and bruising hand-to-hand combat.There's a thrilling fluidity to the action sequences - whether it'sThor soaring towards his enemies like lightning made flesh, or Helaunleashing her multiple projectiles of death with a dark, gracefulbeauty.That's not to say Thor: Ragnarok is perfect. As it turns out, thefilm's greatest strength - apocalypse as afterthought - is also itsbiggest flaw. Waititi just about manages to find the emotional weightin Thor coming to terms with his power and leadership (a driving themefor this character), but it does get a little lost in all theknockabout comedy. Thanks to Blanchett, Hela is never less thanterrifying: she oozes gleeful malevolence in her wake, forcing Thor toconfront his own gold-tinted ideas of himself, his family and hishistory. Alas, she's also one of that peculiar breed of antagonistwho's immeasurably powerful and strangely ineffective, all at the sametime. For years, Marvel has been making brave choices in terms of thedirectors to whom it has entrusted its stories and characters. Thisstrategy has yielded films that are, for the most part, creativelydiverse, ranging in quality from decent to excellent. Even so, handingthe reins of the Thor franchise to a director with such a unique voiceas Waititi might have been its biggest gamble yet. Fortunately, it paysoff in spades. Smart, silly and self-aware, Thor: Ragnarok is ablockbuster that feels like it snuck into cinemas by way of theart-house. It's also that rare threequel which isn't just as good asits predecessors - it's easily the best of the lot.