I'm neither a Marvel fan, nor (in particular) a Thor fan?.. but I haveto admit "Thor: Ragnarok" was brilliant from beginning to end. Thor (Chris Hemsworth) has been travelling the universe in search of?stuff? (I neither remember nor care)? but returns to his home planet ofAsgard with a dire warning of impending 'Raganrok': this being the 'Endof Days' for Asgard. But he finds the court engaged in serious leisuretime!Things go from bad to worse when Hela (Cate Blanchett, "Carol") ?someone with more than a passing relationship to Thor ? arrives with amission to assume the throne. Teamed uncomfortably with half-brotherLoki (Tom Hiddleston, "High Rise"), the brothers get cast millions oflight years away to a planet lorded over by a 'grand master' (a lovelyperformance, that I will leave anonymous here) who pits new gladiatorsin an arena against his latest champion. You'll never guess who hischampion is? Well, OK (cos the trailer gives it away)? he's big andgreen! The film's script is hilarious. It generates an enormous volume ofentertainment with laugh-out loud moments throughout; the unforeseeninvolvement of other Marvel characters; some startling cameos all mixedwith the usual brand of spectacular fights and action. Some of theaction is surprising: a real eye-opener you might say.The lead cast (Hemsworth, Hiddleston, Blanchett and Ruffalo) allperform admirably and are joined by heavyweight cameos from AnthonyHopkins ("Westworld") and Idris Elba ("Bastille Day") reprising theirroles from "Thor: The Dark World". Particularly impressive is TessaThompson ("Creed") as Thor's Valkyrie warrior side-kick and Karl Urban("Star Trek: Into Darkness") as the turn-coat Asgardian Skurge.Directed by young New Zealander Taika Waititi (behind last year'ssuccessful indie hit "Hunt for the Wilderpeople") it's a breath offresh air for the Thor franchise, more similar to the style of"Guardians of the Galaxy" rather than the previous films in the series.Waititi also saves all the best comedy lines for himself as the 'rockwarrior' character Korg: his New Zealand twang delivering just side-splitting dialogue. As with most Marvel films, its a little bit flabby in places, runningto 130 minutes: some of the dialogue, particularly scenes betweenHemsworth and Ruffalo, feel like they needed tightening up in theediting suite. This time of course includes the scrolling of endlessteams of visual effect artists in the closing titles which ? naturally? 90% of the audience stay for to see if there are any "monkeys". Infact,there are two: one fairly early on; the other right at the end.(To be honest, I thought neither of them was particularly worth waitingfor). However overall the movie is highly recommended for a fun night out atthe cinema. By the way, this is a film best viewed cold? if someonetries to tell you the surprises, cut them off quick!(Thor (sic) the full graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks!).