I was really lucky to be able to see the preview screening of TheDisaster Artist at the Hayden Orpheum in Sydney last weekend. I don'tthink I had ever been this excited to see a film, ever.I'd seen The Room countless times and listened to The Disaster Artistaudio book twice (which I highly recommend, as Greg Sestero's narrationis amazing) so I had a general idea of what to expect from this film. Compared to the book though, I thought the movie was romanticised a bittoo much. There were quite a few differences between the book and moviein regards to how things happened and the dynamic between characters. Iguess changes are normally expected with adaptations, but I think hereit felt like some things were purposely glossed over particularly inregards to how Tommy was portrayed.The film makes Greg Sestero and Tommy Wiseau's relationship look a lotsweeter than how Greg wrote it. In reality, Tommy was extremely jealousof Greg's early successes and was constantly trying to compete withhim. In the movie we see Greg give Tommy the idea to make The Room,when in fact Tommy had decided to make it just to one up Greg. On theother hand in the book it felt like Greg really looked down on andresented Tommy; but we get a much warmer, sympathetic portrayal fromDave Franco. In the movie Tommy is constantly referred to as some kind of a monster,but I just don't think we see enough of that side. We're shown a Tommythat is sensitive, insecure and completely aware that Hollywood doesn'tcare for him. This isn't so bad because it helps the audience reallyfeel for the guy. However, (again the way Greg wrote him) not only wasTommy delusional, he was also really cheap, pompous, manipulative andjust down right mean to everyone. I think I would have loved the movieeven more if I had seen more of this mayhem in the film. The Disaster Artist book was really candid and chaotic and just didn'tfeel like the film was as much. I've read that Tommy in life triesreally, really hard to protect his image and hasn't really accepted thereason why he's so popular (see his boycotting of the 'A Room Full ofSpoons' documentary), so I'm guessing he had some kind of heavy inputinto watering down the intensity of his character and the story in thefilm. I think if this hadn't been a factor, the movie would have beeneven more hysterical. James Franco's portrayal of Tommy was absolutely incredible. His accentwas a little muddy at times which made it difficult to understand whathe was saying, but other than that he did an amazing job. The bromancebetween Tommy and Greg on screen was really heartwarming too. I was sadthat the movie wasn't longer, because I felt like there was so muchmore to see and it all went by way too fast.Overall, The Disaster Artist was a really funny, bittersweet, touchingmovie and I can't wait to see it again!