The movie is great. It's a new experience. It does have deep flaws thataffected my experience though, but a good enjoyable fresh movieoverall.The movie will be a pretty fresh experience. 80 percent of it its outerworlds adventure extravaganza. The planets and designs are incredible.The story is pretty cool too. But...My problem with it it's not what some people have pointed out: Themovie is way more of a comedy than the previous two. It's just thatTaika Waititi didn't care about taking the plot seriously at all, likein purpose. You don't need to have a loose plot to be hilarious and acomedy masterpiece, look at the first Hangover, look at how high thestakes were in that movie. This movie jumps from point a to b withoutany regard on how or why, a clear example of this is the Hulk. I haveexpected since Age of Ultron for marvel to answer how Hulk left foranother planet and the answer is "He just did"? This is true for allthe plot points in the movie. This is just the sort of thing the Russoswould have polished completely while keeping all the jokes.I thought the story was full of missed opportunities (Fan Fic incoming,skip if you hate Fan Fic mindsets) why not have the hammer be alimitation of Thor's true power created by Odin to limit him so whathappened to Hela becoming evil and unstoppable never happens to him.Making not only Thor's unlocking of his true potential logical but alsosymbolical now that he lives in a world where his father, the mostpowerful man wont be there to protect his world. The Thor Hulk fight was cool as hell, even if it was a little simple,it looked incredible. They gave it a definitive space pay per viewfilter or something. It looked awesome. Hela was cool as well. AND HERE's my biggest defense for the whole movie: Thor himself wasgreat. It felt Waititi designed the whole process of the movie ongetting who Chris Hemsworth is, how (Chris Hemsworth) HE sees Thor nothow Kevin Feige or Marvel or we the fans have told him to act. How hecould actually connect with a Thor he was frankly disconnected frommore and more. And I think in this aspect for what the movie is, theyhad a freaking home run. Hemsworth is fresh again and better than ever.He is awesome, he is Thor and he enjoys it. It feels more like apsychological acting directorial procedure milestone more than a moviemerit. But directors should look at whatever Waititi did, because hemight have unlocked Chris Hemsworth potential to be awesome to watch oncamera. There you have something I can not stop giving props to. So yeah objectively a 7/10 but I would re watch this a thousand timesover the 2 previous ones. Also I can not give enough merit on how thismovie readjusted Thor incredibly well without him feeling at all like anew character or forced in any way. Its just great overall.I would like to see him in other movies. He could have a serious rolein a war movie or a criminal thriller. Hemsworth rocked, and Loki asmuch as I hated him in the past due to his popularity is freakingincredible as he has always been.