Both missing in action since the end of Avengers: Age of Ultron, Thorand Hulk could be seen as the forgotten children of the MCU, and whenthey're two of the most popular characters with fans, that seems quitecriminal to me. The two haven't really been done justice in their solofilms yet, even though I'm a big fan of Thor, but with Taika Waititi onboard to direct Thor: Ragnarok, my expectations were sky high.Imprisoned on the planet Sakaar, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) is pittedagainst the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), a former ally, in a gladiatorial duelto determine whether he can travel back to Asgard and put a stop toHela (Cate Blanchett) and her apocalyptic tendencies toward Asgardiancivilisation.It's testament to Marvel Studios that, even with Thor: Ragnarok beingthe seventeenth film of the MCU, they can still produce work as uniqueand exhilarating as they have here. Taika Waititi has worked wonders toinject the Thor solo films with such vibrancy of colours andcharacters, leading to Thor: Ragnarok becoming one of my favouriteentries into the MCU so far.With Waititi involved, I was expecting this film to be funny however, Iwas nowhere near prepared for just how funny it ended up being.Seriously guys, there are plenty of moments that caused raucouslaughter from the audience, Thor and Hulk giving the Guardians of theGalaxy a run for their money as the funniest MCU heroes. It's thescreenplay from Eric Pearson that should take most of the credit, alongwith some of the brilliant new characters we're introduced to, Korg inparticular played by Waititi himself being one of the MCU's mostwelcome additions.The action, of which there is plenty, is driven by the retro vibes ofMark Mothersbaugh's score and even Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song, whichkicks the finale into overdrive particularly well. JavierAguirresarobe's cinematography combines seamlessly with the expectedlystunning visual effects to create an almost psychedelic sense to theaction sequences.Coming to the performances, Thor: Ragnarok features a strong ensemblecast, pretty much all of them showing some fine comedy instincts at onepoint in the film. Chris Hemsworth leads the film with such a confidentperformance, matching both the cockiness and naivety of his characterto great effect. Much like people say Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark,I just can't imagine anyone else playing Thor.The supporting performances make this such a special film, Mark Ruffalodoing some great work as the Hulk/Bruce Banner, keeping his place asone of the best actors within the MCU. Tom Hiddleston returns to therole of Loki and he's expectedly wicked, making it easy to see why he'ssuch a favourite with the fans, while MCU newcomer Tessa Thompson showsplenty of potential to become a future fan favourite with a performancefull of grit and fire as Valkyrie. If you're a fan of Jeff Goldblumthen I'd just like to say you won't be disappointed with hisperformance as Grandmaster, a character just as eccentric as Goldblumhimself.I really liked Cate Blanchett as Hela, the villainess of the piece.While she may succumb to the weak villain syndrome that plaguessuperhero films these days, I felt that she suited the tone they wereaiming for with Thor: Ragnarok. If the heroes can have some fun, whycan't the villains have some as well?Thor: Ragnarok finally gives Thor the solo film he deserves as one ofthe original Avengers, full of laughs and plenty of heart, the road toAvengers: Infinity War is nearly complete. I, for one, cannot wait.