So yeah, The Room is pretty well-known by now, becoming just about themost popular 'so bad it's good' film of all time over the last six orseven years, as has the story behind it- as detailed in Greg Sestero'sbook, The Disaster Artist.So being a fan of both, I had a good idea of what I was in for,approaching the James Franco directed The Disaster Artist, but I'mpleased to say the film ended up meeting my expectations and then some.First things first: James Franco's performance in this is incredible.His accent and mannerisms are a spot-on imitation of Wiseau's, and hemanages to make you feel sympathy towards the character too. It's onething to so directly portray such a unique individual and make doing soincredibly funny, but it's another thing entirely to make him feel(almost) like a real person, and to make you genuinely care for him.I'm not exaggerating when I say that I truly think this performance isworth an Academy Award nomination (fingers crossed).Everyone else was good too. Dave Franco had a less flashy role than hisbrother's, sure, playing Greg Sestero, but he did a good job as themore grounded, 'straight man' type character. And some of the castingwas genius too- I could list almost everybody, but special mentionshould go to Josh Hutcherson, Zac Efron, and Jacki Weaver.Also worth mentioning is how well the cast and crew recreated the lookof the original The Room- the mannerisms of the actors, the set design,the lighting, the camera-work- it's all perfect. It makes the film animpressive technical achievement in many regards; not simply a funnyfilm with inspired casting and good performances.As for downsides? There aren't a whole bunch. Perhaps the mostsignificant is that this may not have a great deal of appeal beyondthose who've watched and loved The Room already. I'm sure it wouldstill function as a good film, but it might lack something for thosewho aren't already indoctrinated into the cult of The Room. Othernitpicks I could think of may be that the film is fairly conventionalin terms of plot- not a ton of surprises here (other than maybe a fewcameos throughout). And it feels a tiny bit longer than just over 100minutes- but again, that's a nitpick. I am more or less struggling tothink of too much that I personally didn't like with this film.So as a long time fan of The Room, this is about as good as I hoped itcould be. I hope I'm wrong in my views that the audience for this willbe limited, and that it does have appeal beyond hardcore fans of TheRoom. And hey, if there's enough buzz behind it to allow for JamesFranco to earn an Oscar nomination, then that would be fantastic.And deserved (in my opinion).This is one of the most pleasant surprises of the film year so far, andsecond only to Tim Burton's Ed Wood in the (admittedly probablynon-existent) sub-genre of films about making terrible movies.If you've ever watched The Room, or even just watched some of itsscenes on Youtube, make sure you don't miss this one.