Let me get this out of my system, Thor: Ragnarok is one of the most funI had at the movies in 2017. It's one of those movies that hadeverything. Action? Check. Comedy? Check. Amazing VFX? Check. Hulkbeing a God-smashing maniac? Double-check. This is definitely the bestout of the Thor series. The two previous ones were just genericsuperhero movies. They weren't bad, they were pretty good. But as soonas you left the theater, you won't be thinking about it anymore.This one, however, wasn't generic. It was different. We were used toseeing Thor as this almighty God with a hammer that nobody can lift.And that's pretty much it. To be honest, I never cared much about Thor.He just wasn't that interesting. But this movie drew sort of a parodyof his image and it was really fun to watch. And let's not forget aboutthe Hulk. He is so lovable in this movie. How do you even make a personwant to cuddle a 10-foot green abomination? You got to be a genius orsome kind. Marvel appointed Taika Waititi to direct this movie. Anindie darling from New Zealand that made comedy hits like What We Do inthe Shadows, Eagle vs. Shark, and most recently, The Hunt for theWilderpeople. They all have this unique dry humor that I adore verymuch. And he brought his signature style again for this movie. Irespect this move by Marvel because a lot of studios are afraid oftrying new things. A lot of directors were left with minimal creativedecisions when it comes to big blockbusters. One of the case was theFantastic Four reboot by Fox, two years ago. Josh Trank was sofrustrated at Fox's dominating involvement in his project that heeventually took his frustration to the social media. Marvel don't wantthis to happen. They bravely take the risk of giving directors creativedecisions. Though sometimes it could result to a mixed bag like IronMan 3, it could also be a smashing hit like Guardians of the Galaxy andThor: Ragnarok.In the end, this movie is a total blast from start to end. It may bedifferent than the other Marvel movies, but I swear there is nothing toregret. Whatever this movie lacks in dramatic aspects, it makes up inits comedy and fun characters along the way. And by today, I know thatThor isn't on my Top 2 Most Boring Avenger list anymore. Though Hawkeyeis definitely still there. Make the poor guy relevant Marvel, jeez.