Me'n the missus were looking forward to seeing Thor: Ragnarok. We'dseen the shorts and were impressed. So off we hopped to see it in amanner that holders of the 'Holy Seniors Card' grandly imagine to be'nimble'. It was made in Australia and has Australians in it and someNew Zealanders too who aren't yet famous enough to be claimed asAustralians.Odin, Thor's dad has flown the coop and left Asgard to live in Norwayand look at the ocean. Thor, and his brother 'Loki the Dodgy', go tovisit him via Dr Strange in a bit that I didn't quite understand. Loki,I discovered is/was Taylor Swift's squeeze! Thanks, Doctors waitingroom magazines! Next visit I'll try and find out who Taylor Swift is.Odin tells the Thorster that he isn't really the firstborn and he has abig sister and she has been hidden away because she is temperamentallyquestionable, in the manner of a youth who might feature in the firstepisode of a 'Kids who Commit Genocide' documentary series istemperamentally questionable. Not only is she super-mean, but she'sreally REALLY strong and has no need of a hammer; she has attitude! Sheis called Hela but is really darkside Galadriel who has covered herears up. Being the firstborn she has dibs on the throne.Thor ends up in a sort of fighting pit run by Wilderpeople and JurassicPark'ers. I didn't really understand how he got there except there wasa drunk chick involved. Doesn't really matter, but. It was prettyfunny. Thor meets Korg who is a gladiatorial support act made outdiscarded drystone and is one of my favouritest characters. They becomefriends. Thor takes his shirt off and there was a sharp intake of breath fromthe female audience members, as well as the two blokes sitting behindus. He also gets a haircut.Thor fights the Hulk in the fighting pit. How the Hulk got there isn'texplained but it doesn't really matter. It's a good fight too! I wantto know who makes the Hulk's trouser because I too have gotten heapsbigger over time and a pair of expanda-pants would be handy.There is a sort of alliance formed and they all head off to Asgard totake care of Darkside Galadriel/Hela. It's not going to be easy. Makingup a name for the alliance is tricky too.There is a big battle and 'Immigrant Song' is played. I still think itshould be our national anthem. I grandly consider myself a visionary,and as such it is my lot to have my great ideas ignored. I won't ruinit by telling who wins.Is it any good? YessirreeeBob. It's directed by the same person whodirected 'Hunt for the Wilderpeople' and that is a fave. He's a NewZealander at the moment but we'll adopt him soon. It's good enough that I'll prolly buy it on Blu-ray and take it away ongolf trips to entertain the drunks.