HOLD ON! before you click "unhelpful" let me just say that this movieis great and easily the best in the Thor trilogy however it does haveflaws and that is why it is not 10/10. The comedy in this is reallygreat and I like the overall feel of the film, there is a bigdifference in the plot compared to the other two that makes this filmfeel much more fresh and enjoyable. However there are pacing problems,some of the actors seem stilted and dull (especially the grand master).The comedy is the foundation of this movie. Whilst The Dark world was aserious mess and the plot was really dark and boring this movie keepsit very light and playful. Honestly even in the serious scenes there isa slight comedic side that doesn't take away any of the seriousness.Waititi is a great comedic director having done some really great filmssuch as Hunt for the Wilderpeople and What We Do In the Shadows.He has always thrown a bit of New Zealand humor and stupidity into allhis films and it really helps to lift the tone and make it a bitlighter which really works well in this film. Honestly I would reallyrecommend his other films as they are all great. The actors who really stand out in this are Chris Hemsworth who hastaken a tone shift with Thor and make him a little less serious and a"more realistic" hero. Tom Hiddleston is great as always. He has notlost his gift of playing Loki well. The Two I really did not like and Jeff Golblum and Cate Blanchett.Goldblum plays a really dull, goofy character which would work well ifJeff Golblum could play anyone else except himself. All of thecharacters he plays in every movie are the same character and thistakes me out of the film a lot of the time. Luckily he is not a maincharacter thank god.Cate Blanchett plays a very boring baddie with no real personality orcharisma. She is the "goddess of DEATH" and keeps on saying through outthe movie that she is which doesn't add anything to anything. WE GETIT!!!!! you like death no can you try and have a personality. Herhelmet as well is stupid as fu#k (which is just a side note ofsomething I hated). The plot of this movie is stilted with random scenes thrown in but Istill enjoyed it the story. When the plot was moving forward and thepacing was actually good then the film got a lot more enjoyable.Unfortunately it was hampered by lots of "random character" moments.One thing I really did not like is that random characters are in thisfor no fu$%ing reason!! Doctor Strange is in this for 5 seconds andreally does nothing to help that could not have been done by Thor orLoki. It is just a pointless scene that doesn't advance the plot andprobably was a studio executive decision so that they can plug moremovies.The technical side was was great but had a little flaw. The CGI was mehwith no real use other than to look pretty but that's the problem now.CGI should be used to advance the plot and not really as a "look atthis" device. If you like CG more than plot and character developmentthen good for you I guess.The music was really great in this and fitted the lighter tone Waititiwas going for. It is a lovely score of 80's synth that fits the spacetheme and tone and gives a sense of other world wonder. Honestly I holdmusic in high regard in film and this is one of the better fittingsoundtracks that Marvel have done. It's mostly all score as well withonly one Rock song being used to great effect in the fight scenes. The colour palet of this movie is more vibrant than the last two filmsas well. More neon and less dark colours make this film a lot moreenjoyable to watch visually speaking. This goes hand in hand with themusic and the cinematography to create something which is really goodand different from most of Marvels movies. Overall this film is really good and I did enjoy it however it was inthe end another marvel movie with a few small changes and a greatjokes. In a world where we have TONS of superhero films I just want onethat breaks the mold and does something different from the norm. Thelast one to do that was Logan and I wish Thor Ragnorok had done more tofight against the Marvel plot conventions.