Having been lucky enough to get tickets to the Australian premiere ofThe Disaster Artist with Greg Sestero himself in attendance, I wasexcited and eager to watch this amazing story. I was not disappointed.Almost every line James Franco said had the entire audience laughingtheir heads off, he is so spot on in his portrayal of Tommy's quirksand character its surreal. I tip my hat to him and hopefully the Oscarscome calling. He deserves to be nominated. As I had read the book, I did notice that a few changes were made andsome plot points fictionalised, but that's the case in nearly everyadaptation so that was to be expected. It did capture the spirit of thestory and was never boring or slow paced. Dave Franco does an excellentjob as Greg, playing him a little more naive and optimistic than hisreal life counterpart (the real Greg knew he was not making a goodmovie, while this Greg seems a little more deluded.) but was so likableand warm you just wanted him to succeed. Tommy, on the other hand, is alittle more polarising. While he was humanised and some good insightwas given into his motivations and feelings, it was still hard to be afan of him all the time considering how absurd his behaviour was. Ichose to give him a pass, as you can't say he isn't sincere.The film's supporting characters are perfectly cast as well, with SethRogen playing a straight man role as Sandy the stunned scriptsupervisor along with several comedians and actors popping up leftright and centre. One of the biggest laughs in the cinema was JoshHutcherson's first appearance as the room's most peculiar character,Denny. It was also great that Ari Graynor and Jacki Weaver, playingJuliette Danielle's Lisa and Claudette from the movie respectively, areportrayed as strong willed and thick skinned people who nobly put upwith some of the worst working conditions for an actor imaginable.Overall it's a hilarious and genuinely moving account of an insane truestory. I would have loved it to be a little longer to include some evencrazier parts of the book that didn't make the cut but what we're leftwith is still an excellent film. OH HI MARK!