Really enjoyed the first 'Thor' and loved even more its bigger, darkerand bolder follow-up 'Thor: The Dark World'. 'Thor: Ragnarok' managesto be the best of the three, and is not just a strong contender for thefunniest Marvel Cinematic Universe film (yes even more so than the'Guardians of the Galaxy' films) but also one of their best to date.As said in my review for 'The Death of Stalin', 2017 has been very hitand miss for films, the best ones being wonderful (I.e. 'God's OwnCountry', 'The Farthest', 'The Death of Stalin', 'Blade Runner 2049','Wind River', 'IT', 'The LEGO Batman Movie') and the worst ones beingdreadful (i.e. 'Baywatch', 'The Snowman', 'The Emoji Movie','Stratton', 'Flatliners', 'The Mummy', 'Transformers: The LastKnight'). 'Thor: Ragnarok' is to me up there with the year's best.Would even go as far to say that it's one of the best and mostentertaining "superhero" films so far, whether in Marvel, DCU oranywhere.On a visual level, 'Thor: Ragnarok' is the best-looking of the three'Thor' films and of Marvel in general. Asgard looks colourful andatmospheric. The photography and editing are stylish and the locationsare stunningly vivid. The special effects and stunts are not justdazzling and have substance and purpose rather than just being thrownin for the sake of it, they are among the best of any Marvel film. Justfor the record, Marvel get a lot of hate, particularly in theridiculous and blown completely out of proportion DCU vs Marvel war,have personally enjoyed a lot many of their efforts. The music pulsatesthrillingly and is also catchy and rich in atmosphere and emotion.'Thor: Ragnarok', as said, is a contender for Marvel's funniest film.The dialogue crackles in wit and deadpan deliciousness, and absolutelyloved Thor's quips and the clever in-jokes (Loki's horrified reactionat coming face to face with Hulk was a standout). They are all placedadeptly, placement is never questionable.It's not just about the humour that makes 'Thor: Ragnarok' so greatthough. Like 'Thor: The Dark World' in particular of the previous twofilms, the action is absolutely thrilling and breath-taking inspectacle (almost 'The Lord of the Rings'-like in scale). There isplenty of bold dark-natured tension and the emotional moments give thefilm a lot of heart and are genuinely moving.Taika Waititi balances humour, action and drama with ease and it showsin the compelling and tightly structured and paced story. Thecharacters are even more expansive in development, both intrigue andentertain and their well fleshed out personalities make them easy tocare for them. Thor and Loki are beautifully realised characters whileHulk is the most interesting he's been in a long time. Hela is not justthe best non-Loki 'Thor' villain (so much better than theone-dimensional and underwritten villain of 'The Dark World) but alsoone of the best villains in the Marvel canon, not just posing a threat,interesting in personality and having a motivation that nobody willscoff at but she is also one of few Marvel villains to actually have anarc. Korg (with Waititi writing himself in to portray) is a bit randombut is a lot of fun.Chris Hemsworth is at his most relaxed and charismatic, while TomHiddleston is terrific as Loki and pitches his mellifluousness andserpentine-like malevolence perfectly. Anthony Hopkins continues tobring welcome gravitas to Odin and doesn't ham up. Cate Blanchettrelishes the character of Hela, and makes her a character that'smenacing, entertaining and oddly rootable.Mark Ruffalo is a strong presence as Hulk, Benedict Cumberbatch bringseverything that was good about his Dr Strange in the first place andJeff Goldblum is suitably playful. Karl Urban comes off least but doeshis best with the relatively little he has (which to me was nowherenear distracting enough to bring the film down).Overall, a brilliant film with Thor and Marvel being at the top oftheir game. 10/10 Bethany Cox