There are two ways one can take oneself too seriously: 1. The TwilightSaga way or 2. The Dark Knight Trilogy way. What I mean is, Twilightwas silly in taking itself seriously, because seriously, it didn't havethe maturity required, both because of its directors and cast, toportray the necessary emotion for the desired results of profoundness.The Dark Knight Trilogy on the other hand, is like age old whisky;Swirl, smell, sip and swallow.Thor: Ragnarok could've taken itself seriously in the good way, butrather than doing that, it didn't take itself seriously at all,unnecessarily so, and ended up becoming a good thing still, but in abad way. It's weird and begs the question(s); Is Marvel bending to itsfans' will, or is Marvel forcing its fans to bend to its will? IsMarvel being smart and trying to revolutionize Comic Book Cinema, orstupid, and completely losing the plot?Tension is one of storytelling's best and greatest tools, and Marvelseems to be slowly abandoning it, for another great tool, humour.However, is this Marvel's doing, or is it the fans/critics/audience? Captain America: The Winter Soldier: Serious, dark and amazing = $714Million Box Office, 89% from critics and 7.8 IMDb. Guardians of theGalaxy: Colourful, silly, funny = $773 Million Box Office, 91% fromcritics and 8.1 IMDb. GotG beat TWS (even though TWS is a sequel, andsequels tend to do more, and, our first look at Steve after TheAvengers) in every way according to numbers, but was GotG actually thebetter film? Batman Begins, Captain America: The First Avenger, Man ofSteel and X-Men: First Class suffered similar fates.I love dark, serious, tense. Ragnarok is not that for the most part,but it's still a good watch. There is a lot that is good about thismovie, like Thor and Loki's moment in the elevator, but there is also alot that is bad too, like the fact that for 4 years we've wondered howThor would react to Loki's impersonation/imprisonment of Odin, and whatwe got left much to be desired.I think Ragnarok took a very different approach here, and, because ofMarvels appeal and reach, it maybe shaking something loose. Also, theycould afford to take this route with Thor, as it is the least receivedfranchise, so, they perhaps didn't have much to lose, andmore/everything to gain.Ragnarok being this "light" also, could work very well for InfinityWar, as long as IW is "hella" dark. The contrast maybe a very welcomedsurprise.I will say this though, if Infinity War takes Ragnarok's path, it willundoubtedly, dismantle its opportunity of being a legendary classic,that has been 11 years and 18 movies in the making.Personally I think that at this point, it may be difficult to judge anyMCU film by itself, because each installment is now telling the storiesof something bigger, so when you factor that in, there maybe more towhat meets the eye.Anyway, in the spirit of judging each on its own merit, Thor: Ragnarok;7/10.