I think that this newest installment in the MCU, Thor:Ragnarok trulysolidifies the MCU's new direction that has been commencing in phase 3.Contrary to the previous Marvel Phases this new Phase focuses on a newdirection, in Phase 1 we had the origin stories which came together inthe first Avengers movie. In Phase 2 we got some further world buildingin the different solo movies like Iron Man 3 and Captain America: TheWinter Soldier. But, other than these entries Marvel's Phase 2 alsogave us some experimental projects like Guardians of the Galaxy and AntMan. Now in Phase 3 this experimental Marvel is coming in full force. In order for a franchise like Marvel to survive I think this newdirection is very important if not necessary, it is very interestingthat Marvel is now employing directors that are not necessarily theusual big budget movie directors but rather, directors of low budgetmovies such as Taika Waititi. Marvel Phase 3 seems to be all abouthaving this ensemble of films with drastically different tones. We'vehad 2 comedies Thor: Ragnarok and Guardians 2. But we've also went intomystical/fantasy genres in Doctor Strange or serious dramas like CivilWar. Not to mention the coming Black Panther that has a very estrangedsetting. All this is what the New Marvel has become and I think it isperfect. So, after discussing so much on the direction of the MCu I would liketo pull the focus back to Thor: ragnarok, I can understand that manypeople did not like this film for its lack of significance in thegreater scene/setting of the MCU. In fact there wasn't much stakes thatcarry through to the MCU and it seems very self contained. However Ithink that it is important to enjoy this movie as it is, the fun actionsci-fi that is probably the funniest Marvel movie to date. The thing iswe as audiences get so much superhero movies nowadays there is a caseof superhero film fatigue and having large stakes in every single movieis just going to dilute out tastes. This current way, we can enjoythese characters in their own side stories/adventures and enjoy the bigexplosive moments when they come together, like a comic book crossoverevent! What Thor: Ragnarok does so well is that it really redefines the Thorfranchise, the character of Thor himself and even the Hulk character.All the while maintaining the sense of fun and adventure. I did enjoythat they further characterized Hulk so he isn't just a raging monsterbut a simple minded character who has more complexity than ispreviously perceived. However, the comedy does come at the expense of certain climacticbattle sequences and serious moments and this is sure to put certainaudiences off. But overall, a thrilling, fun action movie that is sure to evokecertain controversies.