I am one of those guys who actually liked the first Cars film. That onehad a soul. Then came the second installment, which was even better -one of those rare sequels that did not feel forced or redundant.And then Cars 3 came along to spoil it all.How bad is it? Well, bad enough that a kid next to me could not waitfor the film to be over. And bad enough that I was struggling not tofall asleep due to pure boredom. The middle part of the film (like from15min in to about 15 min before the end) is mostly a blur for me - itwas that bad. They say that with any story, you want to leave audiencesquestioning "And then - what happened?" so that the story shows "andthen - this happened, and then - this..." but this film has nothinghappening. There was tons of talk, reminiscing, fear of old age, butnothing worth watching.One saving grace is the film's visuals. And there was one camera move Iloved. That was it.Oh, in case you have heard of the ending, which I will not disclosehere - it feels terribly forced. Lightning McQueen makes a randomdecision that is supposed to make us feel all warm and fuzzy, but itdoesn't. It just leaves everyone with the big WTF on their face, andrightfully so, because it is so out of character and so stupid. So, theending does not work, as much as it was cute as an idea. Good ideasneed to be well executed to work, otherwise they fail.All in all, the story feels like a typical Hollywood "paint by numbers"screenplay which was developed by going over McKee's or some suchauthor's check list, and then going like this:- Start with action on page 1? Check. - Unexpected ending? Check. -Lots of dialogue in the middle part? Check. - Take care of theminorities? Check.And so on. Painting by numbers never produced anything worthwhile.Story must come from the heart if it is to work, otherwise you get Cars3 - an uninspired borefest.Essentially, Cars 3 is a 10 minute story stretched to painfully long110 minutes. I was shocked when I discovered that it was that long -for a CG feature with no story, those extra 10 minutes are bothexpensive and meaningless.