By the end of this movie, people will wonder why the rest of the movieeven exists. The story and plot for the third movie in this seriesseems relatively unfinished, as if the story line should have beensplit into two different movies. The story doesn't know what it wantsto be, and this becomes very apparent during the film's climax andresolution. The trailers for "Cars 3" showed that the story was going to take placemuch later in Lightning McQueen's career, and it does. One of thethings this movie does really well is showing the passing of time withthe idea that technology only becomes bigger, faster, and stronger thanthe past technological advances. Lightning McQueen was the best in histime, but now the future has caught up with him, making one of thefastest racers in this story line officially outdated. This, however,doesn't become the major plot when a new character is introduced; CruzRamirez.When this character comes into play, it's very visible to see that thisis no longer Lightning McQueen's story, for she desperately wants to beone of the greatest racers of her time, just like Lightning McQueen wasduring his golden days. This shift in the story conflicts with theLightning McQueen vs. Jackson Storm story plot, eventually making thatrivalry completely pointless at the end of this film. Lightning McQueen steps down from his racing place and sets in Cruz totake his spot during the final race with Jackson Storm, which is wherethe movie falls flat on it's face. By erasing the rivalry betweenLightning McQueen and Jackson Storm, the whole movie is basicallyrendered as pointless. There is no purpose for this film by having Cruztake up the mantle for Lightning McQueen, and as I said before, this iswhere the two story lines become one giant mess. Cruz beats JacksonStorm and Lightning McQueen is still allowed to coach Cruz into being agreat racer.As for the characters in this movie, the original cast is not reallynear Lightning too much in this film, kind of rendering them to bepointless as well. They're there at some points, but not enough to makethem important in any sort of way, which makes them a huge waste ofscreen time when they appear within a scene. Jackson isn't developedand is barely even in the movie at all except for the first race, partswhere they mention him beating his old speed records, and also thefinal race at the end of the movie. The only characters that are alittle bit more developed are Cruz and Lightning McQueen. Every othercharacter is just shoehorned into the movie to advance through thestory. Overall, this movie might be great for kids or it might put them tosleep. It's a 50/50 shot with this movie because it's not like thestory was dragging, it just had uninteresting characters. As for thefans of the first Cars movie, they'll find that Cars 3 was better thanthe second entry, but nowhere near as good as the first one. Definitelysave your money on this one and wait for the cheaper DVD release.