Three movies and countless Mater-shorts later, I still want to know howa world inhabited by live automobiles could exist with our ownlandmarks. Following from the previous installments, Cars 3 wants me tobelieve older cars are made of older models, and newer cars are made ofnewer models, never mind their biology of reproduction. But now itwants me to believe crabs live on their beaches. It even continues toparody itself by putting up "re-tire-ment" ads on the freeway. ? Evenby the standards of Pixar's nonsensical world, it still makes no sense.Each act felt increasingly made up on the spot throughout production,with a phoned-in self-contradicting message thrown in last minute. Thisstated logic just raises more questions than answers, like, why doessuch a franchise exist from a studio made famous for telling emotivestories for a new generation of storytellers? Yet, as long as parentsknow about the "good messages" of their kids' programs, we can resteasy at night, right?Well, the third installment could rightfully replace that bad JamesBond parody's mere existence, for it returns to the contrast betweenold and new ways of living driven by the first movie.Lightning McQueen starts a new rivalry against a younger, newer racerwho aspires to be better than him. Now Lightning has become the veteranabout to finish his last race alongside a popular rookie, a direct rolereversal from where he started. It parallels how the sports industryalways worked: it brings in newer, younger racers who trained viavirtual reality simulators. It does get a bit funny to see the contrastbetween old and new sport traditions, such as when Lightning meets hisnew trainer, Cruise, in preparation for his race against these high-tech cars. She makes him feel out of touch against the changing times,and he makes her feel inept for driving on a beach. Lightning's oldmentor Doc Hudson also gets a more proper tribute than the previousmovie. The addition of this mentorship legacy adds a strong commonground to meet between all viewers.Pixar's team has always mastered intergenerational stories the wholefamily can enjoy, and now they mastered making movies no generation canenjoy. I mean it: a little girl next to me in the theater keptimpatiently getting off her seat. Another 9-ish year old boy, who fallsunder the target demographic, made a bit of noise too.As for the older viewers, some of the remnants of Pixar's glory days ofinnovating animation could still please. But compared to Disney'slatest achievements, the animation quality here looks so lackluster,you could mistake any frame here with a frame captured from either ofthe two previous installments. Look at Pixar's other visual splendors:Finding Nemo, WALL-E, and Up, there is currently a real lack of careabout keeping up to date on the animation trends.Cars 3 attempts to entertain the older folks and younger folks at once,which in turn leaves each of them equally bored. Kids have no careabout what racing was like in the 1950's, nor would parents pay to seea display of high-tech cars. Good quality humor cannot be found here,including silly childish humor fit for eight-year-olds, particularly bythe now nearly absent Mater. Maybe a brief, "I've fallen and I can'tget up" joke could land, except we already moved on from Life Alert'scontagious catch phrase.To top it off, the Cars franchise continues its reputation of offendingminority groups outside of US sports by tossing in a demolition derbyfor no real reason other than to make that culture look unappealing.Oh, believe me, it gets worse. For no reason whatsoever, Luigi andGuido, the two Italian cars from Lightning's little small-town home,the most culturally insensitive characters from the first movie, joinLightning in his high-tech training. Again, these two amicos offer nocomic relief, moral support or anything else. The only reason I canthink of for their prevalence is to make the American cars look betterin comparison.Despite what the half-hearted messages want parents to think, themerchandising proves that Cars 3 carries no hard opinions about the oldway of doing things. Think: how many of these sold spin off toys looklike older car models? Although it proves the craftiness of Disney:their marketing utilizes nostalgic throwbacks for the parents,guaranteeing a higher emotional response from the buyers. The kids whoare sold into Pixar's franchise deserve better than a confused, phonedin commercial.