Of all the films that Pixar Animation Studios has crafted over theyears, their Cars series is one that remains the least impressive ofall. The first one barely managed to keep their winning streak alive.Its sequel turned out to be Pixar's first real disappointment & remainstheir only critical failure to date, not to mention that it was ashockingly unoriginal film from the animation studio that had built itslegacy by delivering one original, inventive & emotionally rivetingtale after another.With Cars, Pixar attempted to explore life through the eyes ofautomobiles after having done so before with toys, bugs, monsters,fishes & superheroes. But it was also their first effort that leanedmore towards the younger audience than viewers of all ages. Theanimation was groundbreaking as expected but the story & charactersweren't interesting enough, and it certainly didn't warrant a sequel.Cars 2 tried to spice things up by going rogue and it was a disaster,for it took the spotlight away from Lightning McQueen and focused moreon a side character. Everything about it felt tiring & clichéd.Although unnecessary just like its predecessor, with Cars 3, Pixar atleast corrects the mistakes it made in the previous instalment bytaking the story back to its roots, and adding an emotional depth &resonance that the series so far lacked. The film may still not rankamongst Pixar's finest works but it is a much more focused effort thatbrings the franchise back on the road and is a poignant, nostalgic &fitting finale that brims with heartfelt warmth, and brings its leadingcharacter's arc to a satisfying if not memorable conclusion.The story concerns Lightning McQueen, now a racing legend, as he findshimself being overshadowed by an arrogant rookie who belongs to a newgeneration of racers that use cutting- edge tech to improve theirracing performance. Fearing that he too will be forced to retire justlike his fellow veterans have been, he sets out to prove to the worldthat he is still the best racer out there. But to get back into thegame with a real chance at winning, he must learn new techniques andmake several new adjustments in his methods to defeat his far advancedcompetitors.Directed by Brian Fee, Cars 3 completely ignores the events thattranspired in the second chapter (for a good reason) and features amuch more grounded, uplifting & emotional story that finds ourwell-past-his-prime character yearning for the glory days of the past,and also covers themes such as accepting when it's time to step aside,passing the baton & embracing the next phase of life, thus offering astory that not only appeals to children but grown ups as well. Thehumour maintains similarity to its predecessors, working in bits npieces, but at least the plot is slightly more engaging & McQueen's arcis somewhat compelling.As always, the computer animation from Pixar is flawless. Thephotorealistic rendering of the race tracks and other locations carry alive-action feel. The set pieces are meticulously detailed and the newautomobiles are fabulously designed. Camera-work is slick, sharp &sophisticated, even more so during the racing sequences. Editing offersquite an improvement compared to the last film and its 102 minutesruntime is finely paced, for the most part. Voice actors play theirpart well and don't leave much to complain about. And last but not theleast, Randy Newman's score has a sentimental quality that is in tunewith the film's emotional tone.On an overall scale, Cars 3 is a surprisingly well-made sequel thatscores higher than initially anticipated and leaves the bitteraftertaste of its forgettable predecessor in the dust. It is almost asgood as the first one, which isn't saying much, but after the tragedythat was Cars 2, this third & hopefully final entry is a welcomerespite that shows that Pixar isn't afraid to step into the universethat dented its then-perfect filmography to rectify the errors and comeup with something better. And that's one of the many reasons why it isthe most revered filmmaking studio on the planet. An apt conclusion toPixar's most middle-of-the-road franchise, Cars 3 is no gem but it isan emotionally involving ride that's better than expected, and steersinto the horizon with its head held high.