So, I have always been a huge fan of Cars and it's franchise. I was 9years old when the first movie came out and as a kid I became obsessedwith the movie. At the age of 20, I can say that I still love theoriginal movie as much as I did when I first saw it in theaters allthose years ago. The thing that made the movie so great was the authenticity and therealness in emotion between the characters and actors. The jokes andwitty humor that was in the movie still has me laughing today at jokesI would have never understood as a child. Authenticity, great humor,and quality acting are all things that Pixar completely ignored in thisnew movie. From the first scene of the movie I could tell something was a bit off.The movie starts off much like the original Cars movie with the "I amSpeed" bit where Lightning McQueen readies himself for the race, whenall of a sudden you see the character, Mater, inside the trailer withhim, breaking his concentration with a dumb line that's not even worthremembering (I don't remember). This scene alone gave me the impressionthat the quality of the movie will be mediocre, at best. It was one ofthose scenes where the two main characters are put into a situation inwhich, the director's intent is to invoke a feeling of nostalgia andsympathy for the characters as if this is the last time you will eversee them. No real humor, no real emotion, just lame character banter asif you were watching a flashback scene of a long gone character talk toanother posthumously. This scene did nothing but dissatisfy me. Anyway, moving on...the acting. The acting in the movie was bad. Almostevery character in the movie was delivered with a slow, monotonous,lack of emotion as if it were rushed. (this entire movie seems rushed)Even Owen Wilson, a highly respected actor and the voice of LightningMcQueen, showed very little enthusiasm. One character in particular who was probably the most disappointing wasDoc Hudson's mentor, Smokey. Talk about an anticlimactic character. Theactor who played the character sounded as if he were just reading linesfrom a paper the directors threw in front of him. Very disappointing,especially due to the immense amount of expectations a long time Carsfan would have for such a highly respected image. It's the mentor forDoc Hudson for crying out loud!The only character that had the least bit of enthusiasm was the newcharacter, Cruz Ramirez however, her personality and dialogue was soobnoxious and out of place, it made her delivery no better than any ofthe other characters. If not, worse. So, acting and dialogue was pretty much one of the lowest points forthis movie however, the story. Oh my God the ending. Probably the worsttwist ending of any Pixar movie I have seen. Basically, after training for the ENTIRE movie, Lightning McQueen givesup. He ends up realizing that he can't complete the race so he gives upand lets Cruz finish for him. Now I am not disappointed at the factthat Cruz was able to race, I am disappointed that the entire moviegave you hopes and expectations for Lightning to rise above and win hislast race victorious. Instead, all of your dreams and expectations areshot down in one moment, as if Lightning's crash wasn't sad enough. As I come to and end I would like to point out some good things aboutthe movie. The graphics of course were stunning and beautiful. Eachaction scene was quite entertaining to watch especially Lightning'scrash scene. The emotion and impact of that scene alone was insane.That silence...wow. The newer cars were cool to see as well even thoughnone of them had any interesting personalities at all.Overall, I was fairly disappointed by the movie. This was the death ofLightning McQueen and all of Radiator Springs for sure. I don't seePixar doing anything but hopefully regretting what they have done tothe series. Cars 4? What's the point?