What have pixar done to the Cars franchise. I mean some of the posterart and trailers spoke of something great and powerful, where the leadcharacter would take a serious hit and have to re-train and beat anawesome rival. Well no that is not the case it would seem.Okay so in Cars 3, racing veteran Lightning McQueen has been winningraces for the past decade, when all these fancy, hybrid cars come onthe scene and force all the other races to retire. Lightning however,keeps racing but makes a mistake and crashes horribly. His girlfriendencourages him to keep on racing, if that's what he wants, and soLightning goes to his new boss, Mr Stirling and gets a personal trainercalled Cruz.Stirling is the typical, neat but cool boss who says he's a fan ofMcQueen but is really more interested in the money he can make from hisimage. Which is a shame as he could have been a better character whoreally looked after lightning. Cruz however is the typical young, always using technology, hip fitnessgirl type, who is supposed to be getting Lightning back on track butreally spends more time treating him like a granddad, stressing andannoying him. After losing his temper with Cruz, Lightning has to makea deal that will allow him to keep racing if he wins and goes outsideto retrain with Cruz.Here is where we can see the focus of the film shift and go downhill.Cruz is useless! She is completely incompetent outside and can in noway train Lightning. He has to teach her and this goes on throughoutthe movie, where we also learn Cruz wanted to be a racer but never gotto be one. Well that's all fine and well but your supposed to be doingyour job Cruz, not moaning about your past.Anyway, Lightning seeks help from Docs old mentor and trains even morebut is still overshadowed by the fact that Cruz is clearly the star ofthe movie and not McQueen. After getting to his big race, and doingpretty good, lightning switches Cruz into the race to give her a shotat racing ( what the hell Pixar!) where she does all kinds of superthings and wins against all the pro racers. Dah dah dah dah dah dah,CRUZY POWER!!! They then say that both Lightning and Cruz win the raceand so Lightning can still race but is going to train Cruz first. Thisdoesn't solve the issue of getting McQueen back on track or beatingStorm though...This movie is a mess of various rocky movie plots ( 3, 4 and creed),rehashed material from the first Cars film, bad jokes about gender andage stereotypes, as well as an unsatisfactory end to the franchise. Nokid wants to see their hero made old and made fun of like Lightning wasin this movie. Constantly. Mature a bit yes, and gain more depth as acharacter. Kids like their heroes to win, take hits and rise up again.Getting a bit older too is fine but not thrown away like this. BesidesI don't see Ash Ketchum or other kid favourite characters getting mucholder. This is a fantasy.People came expecting to see Lightning take a hit, train, get better,then do races against an awesome rival, winning in some spectacularraces. This does not happen. None of the stuff advertised likeLightning coming to get Storm was done. Yes there were changes but notfor the better. Instead we get this uncomfortable, unrealistic endingthat is supposed to make us think of passing on stuff to the nextgeneration and all that but this is not what we came for or wasadvertised.This movie would have been better split into 2 movies, where Lightninggets more training and upgrades and beats his rival and another set afew years after, where Cruz starts from the beginning, trains with afew friends, goes through the minor league races, takes hits but getsinto the pro ones. We could have then seen an ending where she hasproperly made and earned her way into pro racing. Not had to be giveneverything by lightning.Instead, Cruz is incompetent, incapable of doing her job, has a MarySue like backstory and skills, and basically cheats her way to fame.She does nothing. Lightning has to do all the work, give hereverything, and by swapping her into the race half way through that'sthe same as an athlete switching with another in a marathon orsomething, whilst all the other athletes do the full race. Cheating.The other cars at the end should have called her out on winning whilstonly doing half the race. I'm a mother and fan of strong male/female leads. I have always triedto encourage my daughter in everything and show her stuff with coolfemale and male characters, so she has a wide variety of hero's to lookup to. But she hated Cruz. Said things like "how can she trainLightning, she can't drive properly or he's doing everything. Shedoesn't understand why nearly all the other characters keep callinglightning old either, as he still looks super cool and cute. What thehell Pixar. My daughter also said if I ever bought her Cruz toys shewouldn't speak to me. I wouldn't want a toy of this car either. Cruzdoesn't even look cool or race car like the way Lightning does. Morelike a fat faced house car.My daughter and myself are really disappointed with this movie. Itcould have been awesome but it's just a forced mess. I will give it onestar for the animation and music being well done. But there's going tobe a lot of upset kids and adults from this movie.