For more than 20 years, Pixar Animation Studios has produced several ofdifferent classics. Some are excellent films with in-depthstorytelling, like Toy Story 3 and Inside Out. Others have upset thecritics and the box office records, like Cars 2. Well, Cars 3, however,fits this category of a "fresh" Pixar movie. After the mediocre sequelCars 2, Pixar decided to step up this franchise's game by pitching athird entry. The movie studio also realized that die-hards of theseries would enjoy the third movie being more in tune with theoriginal. The extensive advertising that went into the film, allfeaturing the crash of Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson), the veteranracing champion, was targeted more towards adult viewers.Unfortunately, the film appealed more towards younger viewers. Cars 2grabbed adults more because there was a massive spy subplotincorporated into the film, which threw the franchise off-track. As thefilm progresses the chemistry between Lightning McQueen and CruzRamirez (Cristela Alonzo), McQueen's high-tech trainer, develops fromtotal strangers to close friends. During the final race, for example,McQueen sacrifices his position in the race to give Ramirez her chanceto win her first Piston Cup championship. While this sounds veryheroic, the reality is that National Association for Stock Car AutoRacing (NASCAR) rookies must enter the rookie division to compete innational championships. However, Cars 3 makes an exception to thereality because this is an entertaining, children's film, not adocumentary on how to become a race car driver and retire. Althoughthis is a poignant story about retirement and learning from elders,Cars 3 still manages to be defined as a comedy and family- friendlyfilm. Almost no one was expecting a happy ending to a movie where themain character nearly dies in the teaser trailer. The overall tonemakes the targeted audience feel welcome and glad to have attended anincredible film. Randy Newman's score transformed the movie from a saddrama to a happy, fun comedy, using themes from the original, including"The Big Race" which is nostalgic for many people. Although itsurpasses Cars 2 is storytelling, the film almost saved this flat-tired animated franchise, but, in the end, does not match the highstandards of Cars. Cars 3 is the perfect example of how a sequel shouldbe constructed and created, using nostalgic scores and kid-friendlyjokes for audiences of all ages to laugh. While animated "threequels"like Shrek the Third and Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs are charmingcomedies for fellow audiences, only Cars 3 produces comedy, drama, andnostalgia for audiences of all ages.