There will be spoilers...Oh boy, where to begin.I'll start with the elephant in the review section: The accusations of"sexism" and "political correctness". Yes, it's true, there is a femalecar in the film who happens to be a talented race car. The horror!!Look, I get it. I hate having a blatant agenda shoved down my throat.Ghostbusters, I'm looking at you. This wasn't that. Not even a littlebit. If you think it was, well, what can I say. Maybe you should justgo home to your bunker and watch Breitbart.The bigger, and I think slightly more understandable, issue is that ofthe overall message of the film: our heroes getting older, and the endof McQueen's career as a race car. Hey folks, time marches on. Peoplechange, even our role models. If your kid can't handle McQueen passingthe torch on to a younger, more adequate player, then maybe you shouldplop your brat in front of the TV with Cars 1 on a loop. News Flash:this is real life! It happens in all sports. Baseball, Football,Basketball, REAL RACING! Whether we like it or not, our heroes at somepoint become too old to do what they do. Progress happens. We improve.As a baseball fan, I see it every single year. Players we love go away,and new blood comes in. The message in this movie is exactly that. Kidsneed to learn from a young age that you can't have the same guy upthere doing the same thing every day. Heck, if Cars 1 took place in the1950s and was about the Fabulous Hudson Hornet, people would becomplaining about a new car called Lightning McQueen. What anincredibly boring world it would be if Lightning McQueen always wonevery single race and no other cars came along to improve on the sport.He isn't becoming less of a hero, he's not being emasculated. Hisaccomplishments aren't being diminished in any way. He's helping thenext generation to become a hero too! And so what if that new hero isfemale? By taking this apparently contentious route, Pixar has openedup the Cars franchise to years and years of new material. New heroeswill emerge and some will go away. I for one am delighted by this newdirection. I was concerned with the let down that was Cars 2 that thethird installment would be useless. It wasn't, not even remotely. Cars3 is fantastic, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. My 3 year old son, who isobsessed with McQueen, loved it too.