I love anime, video games and comics of all kinds. Disney, Pixar, youget the picture. My whole family is like this. I loved the originalcars and thought cars 2 was good too. So when I saw the posters andtrailers for cars 3, I thought hey! A cool looking comeback type movie.I was so disappointed, as was everyone else I know who watched thismovie.Lightning McQueen has been racing for a good 10 years and basicallythese newer, more technological advanced cars come along, beatingeveryone else. Lightning crashes ( not that this is paid any attentionto) and decides to keep racing. But first he must retrain himself toget better, faster and all that. His new boss thinks he should justretire but Lightning convinces him to let him race once more. But hehas to train with a new trainer called Cruz. She's loud, irritating anduseless. Basically Lightning has to train her and spends the wholemovie doing so. We also learn she wanted to be a racer but lackedconfidence. After going to his deceased mentors hometown, Lightning trains with allthese old cars (with Cruz stealing the spotlight and getting upgradeswhilst Lightning doesn't) but it isn't enough. So come the time of hisbig race, Lightning has not got faster, better or anything. He doespretty good in the race but decides to put Cruz in the race to give hera chance to be a racer. It leads to a terrible ending that just ruinsthe movie. Lightning is still declared a winner, along with Cruz, anddecides to train her before going back to racing. It's a very safe, yaywe're all winners, hey everyone look girls can race look look look!!!(Yes we are very much aware that we can Pixar) This forced endinghasn't sat well with a lot of fans and I am not surprised. The good parts of the movie are the animation and music, so a star forthose but nothing else.The bad parts are:The way Lightning is treated this whole movie. Because he's supposed tobe over 30 or something, so he's portrayed as useless, age-shamedconstantly, called past his prime and incapable of using technology.You can see this in how many of the cars, both younger and older treatlightning. They constantly tell him he's super old. It's sort of likesemiotics, using imagery and speech to get an idea across. The ideahere appears to be to make kids think Lightning is old and they neednew characters. Pixar could seriously have done heaps to make Lightningbetter. I know that other cars throughout the series have had upgradesand mods to get faster and lighter so why not Lightning? This movie wasmarketed as a comeback movie. It's not. Lightning never races his rivalor really trains or anything. He just looks after his useless trainerand gets made fun of. Pixar basically shoehorn him into becoming Docwhen he was never even like him! And not everyone gets or becomes amentor you know.Next would be the whole attitude towards ages and genders throughoutthe movie. Old people are to be made fun off and can't use tech whilstyoung people love tech but cannot handle the outside. This is garbage!I'm just into my 30's and love technology. I love my consoles and iPadand everything. You'll see me in the gym as much as you would outdoors.The same can be said of my friends, siblings and their kids. It'srubbish this whole lazy or technology dependent millennial or gen z kidstereotypes.Also Pixar could have had mixed gender characters throughout their carsmovies, y'know more girl racers or ones who are ambiguous but no, theydon't. This is their choice to not include others and now theirthrowing in one who feel like a cheap, Mary Sue, supposed-tobe-girl-Lightning type character.Next, Cruz. If she is to be the new face of Cars, i'm Done with thisseries. She the technology reliant hip 20 something who cannot functionoutside. She's supposed to be a super trainer but she cannot trainLightning at all. She a fitness trainer at most not a race trainer. Shehas to be given everything. Her win at the destruction derby was onlygot from Lightning protecting her, even her chance as a racer wasgiven. Lightning and the other racers worked their way throughtraining, races, the big leagues, everything. They were pros. Theyworked for everything. Cruz has some talent, does some training butthat's it. Plus she only does half of the big race whilst everyone elsedoes the full thing. That's cheap and cheating. What we need are femalecharacters who can do it themselves, work for their career. Nothalf-ass their way everywhere. The other characters in the movie are pretty forgettable and you seevery little of the people from Radiator Springs. Sally would have beenway better at coaching Lightning. It was her who got him to go back toracing in the first place.And the whole movies plot just feels like a mess of plots from othermovies (creed) the first cars, with too much crammed in or notresolved, complete with lame jokes and disappointment. Seriously, Ilook up the word disappointment in the dictionary and see a picture ofCars 3 and nothing else needs to be said. Cannot believe that this isthe end to the Cars series. I mean you don't just ruin the maincharacter of a series like this. When I play halo, I want the MasterChief. When I play Tomb Raider, I want Lara Croft. Not only that butthis film grossed 100 million less than both the other car films and isno.17 out of Pixar's 18 films. That says something about this filmalright.