I don't normally get motivated to do many reviews unless I either see amajor injustice in representation or I am just blown away by a film. Inthe case of Cars 3, it is the former, don't take the one star reviewsword for it, do give this movie a go. There are a few things to getclear here with the polarity between negative and positive reviews.** I do raise spoilers in this review sorry, so turn away if you don'twant them **1) Cars 3 has had quite a gap between the disaster that was Cars 2 andthe debut film, so fans understandably have incredibly highexpectations for Lightning's character and his general development. Itis also clear to me people feel that Pixar did not deliver what wasassumed by some to be the obvious resolution to the trailer of Cars 3.I do agree with that sentiment, but why is that actually a bad thing?Films are meant to challenge peoples assumptions, and take them on ajourney they didn't necessarily anticipate. 2) Cars 3 - and Disney in general - appears to have a new direction inrecent movies with regard to triggering new story lines and extendingthe life span of the trilogy. I personally think some of the negativefeedback here stems a bit from the older formula thinking that thethird act of a trilogy is to an extent a finality. In that context, itis indeed *SPOILER* a massive shock to think that the final act forLightning is conceding defeat to a new stock of racers and letting hisyounger protégé take over. But there are so many hints in this filmthat indicate this not actually a final act at all, the exact sameformula Disney has embedded in other film franchises lately. If youconsider that this is actually more of a Cars reboot of the universe(masking the mistakes of Cars 2) there is an exciting prospect thatthere is a lot more in stock for Lightning - and of course Cruz. 3) Cars 3 is seen as a big poke at age, with much humour focusing onhow old an decrepit Lightning not to mention the "Millennial"commentary I have seen with the next gen racers. Yes, on the surface Ithink this is pretty prominent, and can be quite insulting to theintelligence of the original fan base. But hang on, much of the humourcoming from Lightning in Cars 1 is very much the same focus.Lightning's condescending remarks of Doc early on, his ego and selfimportance as the hot new rookie racer. His colleagues - except formaybe Strip Weathers - were equally shallow and greedy competitors. Thepower behind Cars was Lightnings maturity from this ego and thedevelopment of his respect for age and wisdom - in a racing world fullof sponsors looking for the next big racer. Cars 3 develops in equallypowerful ways, Cruz (who at the beginning teases Lightning incessantlyand prejudges non-technological methods) soon embodies the lesson thatLightning was in the first film. Couple this with the idea in the filmthat it is actually Lightnings pride that is allowing him to be beatenand failing to see the qualities in older ways and I think you see alovely integration and flow on from Cars one with this film. 4) A lot of negative reviews about this film seem to struggle a lotwith the transition from Lightning as the only top dog competitor andCruz as an emerging and victorious competitor. I'll be honest, I alwayswill love Lightning's character more than Cruz, I identify more withhim than I do Cruz. However, it would have been quite a boring film ifall you saw was the same old Lightning come back dialogue. I suspect alot of the "flatness" that people see in Cruz is primarily the resultof directly comparing her to Lightning as the 'hero'! But I spoke withmany other friends of mine who relate as much to Cruz as I do toLightning - for identical reasons. I soon came to understand andappreciate that viewers needed to pull the rose tinted glasses awayfrom Lightning's gaze and enjoy the journey between he and Cruz. When Isaw this film a second and third time, Cruz started to become a muchmore dimensional character. Her presentation, target demographic andexpression are just different to Lightning's, and that's a GOOD THING!I could keep going, there are quite a lot of things I could say but tobe completely honest, all I can say is don't be persuaded by some ofthe 1/10 reviews here. Give the film a chance, rent it out, buy itwhatever you want and but go into the film knowing its not 2006 anymore:)Peace out