Believe it or not it's been 11 years since the story of a hot shotyoung racing car named Lightning McQueen first enchanted young viewerswith his story of learning there is more to life than just being thetop car. That story talked about learning what it was to have deeprooted friends and family. Here we are all those years later and thethird movie in the series is out on disc. What makes it special is thattime has passed in the story as well.McQueen (Owen Wilson) is still the hot shot race car he always was,still living in his adopted town of Radiator Springs and still friendswith those he considers family there. But times have changed and he'sgotten older. A new breed of race car is on the tracks now, inparticular an up and comer named Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer). The newcars are faster, train differently and are soon leaving McQueen intheir dust. In an attempt to push past them he crashes.Months pass and McQueen isn't sure he wants to return to the track. Ittakes his friend Sally (Bonnie Hunt) to convince him this is what hetruly wants. He heads back to Rust-ESE to get back in shape only tofind his old friends Luigi and Guido have sold the business to tycoonSterling (Nathan Fillion). Sterling has it in mind to market McQueenfor all he can, endorsing nearly every possibility out there. To insurethat he returns to the winner's circle he's employing the latest intechnology and a trainer by the name of Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo).McQueen does his best with the new system but this isn't his style oftraining. After a crash on the simulator he realizes he needs to getback to his roots and heads for the beaches of Florida. Accompanyinghim is some old friends as well as Cruz. When they begin he spends moretime teaching Cruz more than he getting himself ready. Unable to breakthe speed set by Jackson Storm he begins to give up hope until hethinks of one more possibility.He goes to where it all began, where his mentor Doc was taught. Therehe finds Doc's mentor Smokey (Chris Cooper) still alive along withseveral of Doc's old friends. They've been expecting him and trainingin their fashion begins. But will it be enough for him to get back whathe once had? SPOILER ALERT! And here is where the entire film takes adifferent turn. When the big race comes in the fourth quarter of thefilm, McQueen bows out and allows Cruz to take his place. And this iswhat the real story of CARS 3 is all about, the passing of the torchfrom the older generation to the younger, giving the new comer thechance to bask in the same glory they once enjoyed.Watching this I was reminded of the ROCKY films. The time had come forStallone as Rocky to take off the gloves and start helping pass thetorch, which he did. This film is doing the same thing and in doing sosets itself up for more movies down the line. Rather than deal with thequestion of an aging car still winning races against all comers we havea new hot rod in mind. Now it's up to her to take that torch and carryit across the finish line?or not.I've read a number of reviews that have bad mouthed this film andalmost all had the same complaint: it wasn't the same movie they'd seenbefore. It made me wonder why they didn't see the positives in thisfilm, the fact that it extended the life of the series with this newdevelopment. It also provides a great lesson for young people to learnand draws in older viewers as well who understand what it's like to gothrough what McQueen does.The animation by Pixar remains top of the line. I've seen other moviesdoing this sort of CGI animation and while good they don't compare. Thestory moves along at a steady pace and never involves moments where youwish it would move along faster. It's a compelling story that needs tobe told.It's great that the voice over actors have returned time and time againto do the voices and keep continuity in doing so. New actors in newroles do an amazing job as well. Now if they will all continue to do soin the future.CARS 3 is not the first film but one unto itself. It may involve thesame characters but there is a slightly different story going on here.Push play and know that going in and you'll be delighted to see the oldcrew, the new crew and the new story unfold. For me it was a delightand a movie I know I'll pop back in every once in a while. Come tothink of it this would make a great movie marathon with the first 2 formy younger nieces and nephews. Time to go out and pick up somemicrowave popcorn and have them over.