I am not going to lie, I loved the first cars. It was a great movie inmy opinion. After the disaster of Cars 2 I was looking forward toseeing what was going to happen to the franchise.Oh boy was I in for something special. The entire movie is aboutMcQueen after he gets into a car accident. He is very much pressed toretire by his corporate sponsorship. His corporate manager gives himone more chance to make a come back. He has to beat the new racerJackson Storm who is this worlds equivalent of an over privilegedmillenial. The whole movie is building up to the big race. He istraining with his trainer who also happens to be a female named'Ramirez'. You can tell that something happened in the storyboardingthat screwed the movie up but I still cant figure out what it is. Bythe end of the movie McQueen goes to many different places to train,including Doc Hudsons old mentor, and guess what happens after all thatwork and build up. He loses.I just remember how depressing that was to watch in theatres. Insteadof the movie building up on the stuff like "outsmart your enemy" and"exploit weaknesses" the movie just says screw it. McQueen gives uphalfway through the race and lets the female girl car win it insteadbecause apparently all that training and build up really had no pointto it anyways. And oh god what a cop out at the end the producers did.At the end when the lady car wins, the screen at the top 'updates' andputs McQueen and girl lady car in first place. So whats the moral? Themoral is if you are old and don't think you can do something, just giveup. Thats right give up you pathetic over the hill non-millenial.Honestly whats the point. Forget about honor or dignity, just let themillenials and kids with their ""high tech"" gadgetry to it instead.Thats the kind of vibe I was getting. And I am not even a gen x or babyboomer, I am generation Z for crying out loud.So whats the moral? It must be you cant win them all? But whats thepoint of the movie if its going to be written like a come back storybut the main protagonist loses in the most dishonorable way possible.It would have at least been better if he had just naturally lost andnot given up. Instead he just gives up halfway through because hedoesn't think he can win. What kind of message does that tell our kids?