The movie starts with Lightning as a 10 year veteran in the racingworld and at the top of his game. Back in Cars he was the young 20something rookie who blazed onto the scene and is now into his 30's.Then these new cars force all the older racers out, except Lightning,who crashes. Months later, with no mention of his injuries or histrauma, Sally gets Lightning to go back to racing. So he goes to meethis new boss and gets a trainer called Cruz, to help get him back inshape. But Cruz is clearly not a good trainer as she spends more timetrying to get Lightning to name his tires, nap, goes overboard on theexcessive age-shaming, and he ends up losing his temper.Lightning makes a deal that will allow him to continue his racingcareer, if he wins, and goes to train outside but has to take Cruz, whois again, useless. He has to teach her everything and this goes onthroughout the film, and she in no way does her job of trainingLightning. He loses his temper with her and we find out that oh! Shealways wanted to be a racer but was told she couldn't and wimped out. Lightning goes and visits his mentors mentor and this Smokey guy helpssomewhat though the old cars from the 1940's take delight in pointingout how old and useless Lightning is, which seems very hypocritical,and there are more lame jokes.Looking thoroughly disheartened, Lightning leaves for his race, startsin last place but works his way up to 14th. Then he hears Cruz beingtold she's not a racer, takes pity on her, puts her in the race and shethen annoys the top racer, does stunts and has Lightning talk allcutesy to her, then wins. They then basically retire Lightning. Also,Jackson Storm is rarely seen and is nothing more than a mouthy,antisocial, gen z stereotype that just feels kinda meh as a character.This is a very basic description of what goes on in this movie. Thetrailers had us believing that this was going to be some sort ofawesome, comeback movie. The whole "I'm coming for you, Storm" thing?Doesn't happen. Instead the movie is just a mess of various movie plotsmashed together, rehashed plots from the first film, constantage-shaming ( seriously, they never stop calling Lightning old in this)and PC messaging. The animation was good though and the music is decent. I did like thelittle flashbacks Lightning has of Doc, very sweet. However, they feltlike a forced plot to get Lightning shoved into retirement for thisknock-off character, who cannot even fulfill her job to as trainer toLightning. But then this movie is really about Cruz and her being thenew star of Cars and retiring McQueen. Yes, athletes can only do theirthing for so long but McQueen is a fantasy character. Also other carsfrom the franchise got upgrades like full carbon fiber bodies, upgradedto gas/electric types, newer spoilers, exhausts and engine tweaks. Whynot Lightning? (think of all the toys his new look would have sold)Cruz didn't even earn her place as a racer, she had to be given it.Lightning and the other racer all went through all kinds of training,practices, races and worked their way up. She had some racing skillsfrom her past and McQueen taught her stuff but she never works for herplace like the others. I'm not sure this is a good message for kids,girls in particular. It's like saying just cruz, yeah I went there,through life and wait for someone to give you stuff. Don't waste timelearning/knowing/working for something properly. The whole 2 carswinning the race is cheating. I know in real life a driver can swapwith another, using the same car. Here though, the cars are athletesand so by switching in Cruz, that's just like a runner tagging inanother whilst all the other runners do the whole race. Not fair atall.Cruz could have been great. She could have been a phenomenal trainer,who knew the racing world on all levels and looked after Lightning,been the brains behind him, trained him on the tech and outdoors.Instead, she's stereotyped as the younger, better, smarter, technologyreliant gen z kid, who cannot function outdoors. Whilst Lightning isthe "damn you kids and your techno whatnots. Get outside andplay!"..... Bleh?..The newer cars were all boys and this is Pixar's fault entirely. Thisis a fantasy world. It doesn't have to reflect all the nonsense in reallife They could have had girl racers, boys, butch girls, pretty boys,asexual, etc. They could have made it so the Cars world already wasall-inclusive, where they didn't have all these gender/race issues.Kids would see that it was normal to except everybody more if they sawit as normal in their media. But nope. Pixar can't do that. I know it's a kids movie and you're not supposed to look to much intoit but when I went to see the film, no one was laughing, kids wereupset, some people just left. My nephew and nieces hated the film. Myfriends and their kids also disliked it. The only plus is that Lightning said he was only training Cruz for theseason and then going back to racing. Maybe Pixar will finally listenand give us the real racing experience that we asked for, showing uschampion Lightning. It's all fine to give stuff up for others, be kindand all that but you are also allowed to be good at something foryourself. To win/earn something, feel good and not have to give it up.Isn't that what part of life is? Oh well..