Baby Driver is pure fun and awesome. Car chases, bank robberies, and adriver that uses music cues to help him focus. The movie works as amusical with a variety of classic artists and it all worked perfectlyin their own way. Edgar Wright direction is stylized and fast paced.There is plenty to love about the movie. If you love action, it has it.If you love car chases, you have it. If you love music, it has somegreat choices. If you also love a bit of romance, it has a bit of alove story. The plot follows Baby (Ansel Elgort) a getaway driver that relies onmusic that he makes with his own personal playlists, even he mixessound from recordings. After an accident he was involved in with hisparents that caused him to have tinnitus. He uses the music to blockout the ringing in his ears. He is a getaway driver for a mastermindDoc (Kevin Spacey). He owes him two bank robbery jobs and he is outfrom the criminal organization. He meets a lovely waitress Debora (LilyJames), who also wants to run away to travel. Baby is forced to do onebig last job with a team of a psychopath Bats (Jamie Foxx), Darling(Eiza Gonzalez), and Jason (Jon Hamm). The plot was fast paced and great. About a young man who knows whatsright and wrong. But wants to seek for a better life. He is conflictedwith living life in the fast lane and being a professional driver. Hischaracter is awkward, he is shy, and he keeps to himself. He doesexpress the music he listens too. Either by lip singing or dancing intoa musical as he walks to a café. But when he is behind the wheel, he isunstoppable. The action and car chases are exciting and plenty throughout. EdgarWright relied on practical realistic stunts than cgi which is alwaysthe best. Feel like the car chases were more alive and thrilling thanthe film Drive. The direction gets serious when Baby is wanting a wayout but is forced into this world. While he wants to go far away andlive his life and fall in love with Debora. He tries to protect Deborafrom knowing whom he works for and keeping his team from knowing whoshe is. This is one of Ansel Elgort better performances and I really hope tosee him do more serious roles like this. Lily James is beautiful andstunning, she plays her character well as his love interest. JonBernthal as the brute player in the gang. Jon Hamm and Eiza Gonzalez asa couple, and psychotic when something makes them unhappy. Jamie Foxxplaying the tempered gangster were anything can happen that will setoff his mood swings. The soundtrack in the movie was spot on great. It worked with everyscene and sequence. Mainly, relying on some of the greatest classicbands. Overall, Baby Driver is an awesome action film. The cast was great. Theaction and car chases were loud and exciting and plenty throughout. Theplot was great about a getaway driver wanting to seek for a better lifeand falling in love with a girl that is turning his life directionaround. The direction and script was fast paced and pure style.