For those that live in heavy forest or near one, how often are youworried that a wildfire could one day wipe it all out? The darker sideof nature is found within the ashes of former trees and bushes thathave been consumed by a fire. It's tragic too see a favorite landscapeburned to a point that makes it fit in with a post-apocalyptic Mad Maxworld. Though some are man made, many wildfires seem to happen byforces of nature. In fact, before mankind, fire seemed to be thedominant land maker, shaping the world based on how much was burned.Now that everything is more occupied, it's up to us to keep it out.Any firefighter will tell you that it's not as easy as using a firehose. A wildfire is unpredictable and could go from ten acres to ahundred thousand should wind pick up. Wildfires requires a strongdefense to keep it boxed so that the offensive can charge at it easier.Sometimes it's doing seasonal burns to block future fires. Sometimesit's digging around areas that could slow down a fires progress. Thetrue life story in Only the Brave centers around these firefightersthat are in that battle with the elements. Eric Marsh (played by Josh Brolin) is the superior of a firefightingteam that's in charge of dealing with a lot of the aftermath ofwildfires, cleaning up after the first responders come in. He's tryinghis best to work with his boss Duane Steinbrink (played by JeffBridges) to get his crew promoted by the state while being a perfecthusband to his wife, a horse trainer Amanda (played by JenniferConnelly). The rest of the crew seems like most men's group, with a lotof joking around, but prepped for the job when another fire strikes.Young slacker Brendan McDonough (played by Miles Teller) has noambition or plans for a future? that is until he finds out that a girlhe dated if five months pregnant with his child. This, along with hismother kicking him out, prompts him to apply for Eric's fire team forone of the open slots. Though he's not as fit as everyone, he'saccepted into one of the open slots as he doesn't give up. Throughoutthe year of 2013, he becomes a vital part of the Granite MountainHotshots, but then a voice during the Yarnell Hill Fire. This you'llhave to find out why. You may notice that firefighting movies are not made too often. This isbecause fire is hazardous to the actors and crew and takes a crew ofskilled special effect artists to keep everyone safe. Only the Bravenot only looks impressive, but I found myself getting into the storymore then I realized. While it could have focused on the Yarnell fire,filmmaker Jospeh Kosinski (Tron: Legacy) clearly wanted his audience toget to know these guys. While I can't say it all worked, it certainlygave me a good idea.The winning actor here is Josh Brolin. In the day and age where mostmen still want to look like boys, Brolin has embraced time, and thisrole rewards that, but letting his look of ruggedness work in favor ofa fire superintendent who has clearly been doing this for years. I'llsay that Miles Teller was surprisingly sympathetic as the slacker whois trying to do better. I would have thought this story would havewanted to included a moment of him getting back into old habits, butthis story understands we've seen that cliché several times.It could have been one of the best movies of the year had it knew howto focus on the rest of the fire crew. The movie does try that, but italready isn't easy considering there's about nineteen of them, so it'sgoing to be difficult to tell who even which one is. Perhaps they couldhave landed on five other firefighters and make them interestingcharacters. Whenever it cuts away from Josh Brolin, Miles Teller orJeff Bridges, everything just halts to a slow bore. That's when I'mactually hoping for another fire to start, to at least give these guyssomething to do. I'll give this seven signs into Yarnell, Arizona out of ten. Only theBrave is interesting, if not focused on some of the wrong things. I'mglad I saw this, though I'm not sure if this will have a lot of rewatchvalue. Go take a look and see what I mean.