I really like Edgar Wright as a directors, he's not quite one of myfavourite directors working today for the simple fact that despiteScott Pilgrim Vs The World (a film I've yet to see) I haven't seen himreally get out of his comfort zone. As much as I love his Cornettotrilogy they're all, even if purposefully so, very similar so I wantedto fully see what he was capable of doing, a Baby Driver proved to methat he is a forced to be reckoned with, I do think this is his bestfilm to date and one of the best of the year so far. It's completely clear from the very beginning that this is EdgarWrights movie, he has a very unique style that I've always loved, it'svery sleek with a lot of quick edits which works perfectly with thepace of the action sequences. I loved his decision to match up hisaction sequences, as well as simple dialogue or movement scenes tomusic, though I've never listened to any of the songs in this film itmade it more engaging as well as unique. This film has a fantastic cast, Ansel Elgort has never impressed me soI wasn't sure how I would feel about him in this movie but I think henailed it, playing on Baby's more tragic side as well as his completecommitment physically makes this easily his best performance. I lovedJon Hamm in this movie, I liked how he played his characters gradualdownward spiral, Jamie Foxx was really intense in this movie as well ashaving a great back and forth with Elgort, I loved Kevin Spacey he wasreally ominous and you could tell that he had some kind of motive andother plan behind everything he did. Lily James was great in this movieshe was very likable and had a really good romantic chemistry withAnsel Elgorts character. I really liked the arcs of every character in this film, while notevery character gets detailed backstory you get the impression that itwas what Wright was trying to go for, to try and better show theominous nature of this whole organisation and the people involved init. I loved Baby's arc if learning from his mistakes and exceptingconsequences for his actions it made his character more likable as wellas better rounded. There were definitely some cliché aspects of KevinSpaceys character of a crime boss trying to get back a debt from theprotagonist but I liked that they gave the character some heart as wellas some good head butting scenes with the people who worked for him. Ialso loved the ever growing tension between Foxx and Elgorts charactersthat really came to ahead in a nice way.I didn't know how I'd feel about the romantic sub plot in this moviebut I have to say it really worked for me. I absolutely believed thatthese two characters had a connection. Not only do the actors play offeach other very well but the characters are just written so well thatyou want the whole situation to end in their favour. It also felt verybelievable, it didn't feel like it was some cheesy romantic drama but areal relationship that I really could get behind. My only real issue with this movie is some aspects of the way itconcludes, now I did love how they wrapped up Baby's character and hisromance with Collins but in some ways the conclusion to the arcsoutside of that did feel a bit rushed, it seemed as if some many arcshad been built up throughout the film that needed to be concluded butit did feel a bit rushed in some ways they went about doing it. Baby Driver completely succeeded at what it was trying to be, anentertaining crime thriller with a good heart, solid characters and aninvesting love story. I loved the way Edgar Wright directed this movie,all the actors performances as well as the arcs of the characters theyplayed, though the conclusion to a lot of the films arcs did feel a bitrushed the overall quality of the film only makes me more excited forwhat Edgar Wright is going to do next. 9.3/10: A (Phenomenal)