The overall feeling I was left with after watching this disappointingfilm was one of boredom, and that Wright's done a lot better.Watching this on the big-screen vs. waiting to rent it later didnothing for me: it was just a lot louder. The tinnitus I've suffered w/for decades is real unlike "Baby's" so thanks for that.There are no characters worth rooting for, save for CJ Jones asFoster-Father to Baby and Lily James as a waitress who falls so quicklyin love with Baby you'll wonder if "Baby" was the first young maleshe'd ever laid eyes on in her life.The chase-scenes are choreographed to the point of bloodless, andedited so choppily they make the chase-sequence that begins "Quantum ofSolace" look drawn-out in comparison. They're much too convenient; aspin-out in an alley that's just big enough and two trucks parked justthe right way for that little stunt. Or better yet, three bright-red cars (what better way to avoidattention than drive a bright-red car after a bank robbery) w/ matchingsunroofs playing the old shell game on the freeway; either that was thebest planning in history, or the most contrived contrivance since Bobbypopped out the shower in "Dallas."The soundtrack you've heard so much about? If you were expectingunfamiliar gems, you might be in luck if you're in your twenties. Thoseof us who have listened to music outside of Top-40 radio will be asbaffled as I was. "Nowhere to Run" by Martha Reeves and The Vandellas? Gee, haven't heardthat but in 1,000 other films. The playing of two "Deborah's" or"Debra's" (Baby's obsessed w/ music that has names for titles) wasn'tcheesy at all. Baby plays music to match his moods; we're shown thismany times with the subtlety of a sledge-hammer.The acting is...okay. Spacey comes off stiff early on, before finallyloosening up a little (but as one critic noted, "Doc" goes from viciouscrime-boss to Aunt Bee in the space of an elevator ride, right out ofnowhere.) Hamm and Foxx trade one-liners and barbs like budding OscarWilde's: criminals in movies are often English Literature scholars forsome reason. The ladies are mostly eye-candy. Jones' character showsgenuine empathy and concern for young Baby, he comes off the best here. Elgort's "Baby" doesn't do it for me. Bland, not much personality(certainly not one that has pretty ladies swooning behind counter-tops) and unconvincing in the lead. We're told the kid had a talent forstealing cars; we're not shown anything that reveals how he became JoeyChitwood at an early age.The film drags in spots, especially during unnecessary romanticinterludes. It's laughably unbelievable at times: Hamm's "Buddy"character morphs into The Terminator at some point, two drug-heads havetheir Challenger stolen from at gun-point w/o so much as a fuss, andBaby gives up getaway drives to deliver pizzas. Sure, right, mm-hmm.It's also rather predictable; nothing happens that you don't expectwell-ahead of time. A nifty cameo by a certain entertainer is wastedrather quickly when Foxx's character shoots him right on cue, after aminute of cliché criminal repartee. Hamm escapes certain death bylatching onto a door-handle just before his car tumbles over an edge.An elevator door opens and what do you know; three guys on the otherside waiting to open fire with automatic weapons! What a twist! And so on. The shift in tone (especially near the end) fromnod-and-wink stylized crime to Tarantino-inspired blood-and- guts (thefate of "Doc," in particular) was jarring, unnecessary, and added anugly note to the proceedings. This film doesn't know when to end. The ride-into-a-sunset scenedoesn't unfold like you'd expect, I'll give this film that. But ratherthan ending there and letting our imaginations run free, things drag onto a plodding fantasy-styled sequence. To what purpose? Not getting the overly-positive reviews; I can only imagine that teensand 20-something's who don't have a lot of experience watching films(not even Wright's previous output, especially his marvelous "Spaced"series) are banging them out. This was rather forgettable, and alsoquite obnoxious: you'll want to smack Baby more than anything else. Oh, but he gave that lady her purse back after stealing her Cadillac.And he shook his head at the Post Office clerk he'd spoken to earlier,which she interpreted as a sign not to turn the corner and walk into anarmed robbery. Maybe he's a sweet-heart after all. You've seen this before, and better. A wanna-be head-nodding soundtrackand some rote car-chases doesn't make for the kind of reviews thisslight film has received. Seriously, are people getting paid for them?I'd ask to board that gravy train, but I'm a sucker for the truth ofthings. One more thing: If you disagree w/ my opinion of this film, that'sfine. You gushed over it for whatever reason, you're all agog over themusic, the action, whatever; that's fine, too. But my review isn't meant for you; it's meant to give people on thefence on idea of what to expect: Nothing like the glowing reviews havegiven, almost none of which contain helpful information. So how about stop clicking on the "No" button as far as the "Was thisreview helpful to you?" because I've somehow hurt your feelings, thatmy review is akin to kicking your puppy. Be an adult, and move on. I'm not clicking "No" for every 10-starreview, despite their oft-ludicrous nature. Do me favor and show me thesame courtesy. It's this kind of troll-activity that led to the"Message Boards" feature removal, which no one who's been here for anylength of time appreciated.