The film takes time setting up each of the characters, making them feelvery well developed. The use of practical effects makes the movie seemmore real, because real fire is used instead of CGI for the fire. Thecharacters also act like true heroes and seem very real.The storyline is about a group of firefighters who want to become'hotshots,' which are the elite group of firefighters that work in thefire itself. When it comes time to assess them, their Chief doesn'tagree with the assessor's opinion on not burning the wood and takes hisown path which risks having their certification taken away. But thechief thinks it's better to do it that way so they burn the logs,making the correct choice in the situation and, as a result, they gettheir certification. After that, they go into many dangerous wildfiresto protect nature and homes. One day when the Yarnell Mountain firecomes on June 30, 2013, they are especially challenged.Josh Brolin portrays Eric Marsh the fire chief. He has proved his skillin many movies including Thanos in Guardians of the Galaxy and as BeckWeathers in Everest. Miles Teller, the actor for Brendan Mcdonough, theprotagonist, has been in Footloose and The Divergent series which wereboth huge hits.One interesting thing about this film is its timing. I live in NorthernCalifornia where huge fires in the North Bay have left many peoplehomeless and injured. Another interesting thing is that Only the Braveis one of the movies in the 21st century with the most practicaleffects.The message is to get awareness for the firefighter community, which itgot 100% loud and clear. Kids will be influenced to save people'slives. There isn't much reckless behavior except when someone fallsasleep while driving. I recommend this for ages 12 to 18 who willunderstand the shear force of the message of this film, although Ithink it was intended more for an adult audience. This movie isfantastic and I am happy to give it 5 out of 5 stars. Reviewed by Abraham F., KIDS FIRST! Film Critic.