A top-notch, true-life, tale of tragedy, "Only the Brave," starringJosh Brolin, Jeff Bridges, Miles Teller, Taylor Kitsch, and JenniferConnelly, salutes an elite team of ill-fated firefighters immortalizedas 'the Granite Mountain Hotshots' who died in the line of dutybattling the disastrous 2013 Yarnell Hill blaze in Prescott, Arizona."TRON: Legacy" director Joseph Kosinski with "Black Hawk Down"scenarist Ken Nolan and "American Hustle" scribe Eric Warren Singerhave fashioned a first-rate, inspirational film about the lives of thenineteen men who died in the inferno as well as the sole survivor whomiraculously escaped. Imagine watching a synthesis of a boot camptraining movie and a contemporary western, and you'll have a good ideawhat happens in this memorable movie about a maverick team ofunderdogs. Ordinary, blue-collar, middle-class guys, who drove trucks,drank beer, danced with their wives and girlfriends at countryhoedowns, and pranked on each other made up the Granite MountainHotshots. Initially, this struggling company of firefighters, whofought fire by starting other fires to avert bigger blazes, gainedlittle recognition. Comparatively, these firefighters resemble the'smoke jumpers' from epics like "Red Skies of Montana" (1952) and"Firestorm" (1998) who bail out of planes and parachute into the worsespots to set fires to stop fires. The gung-ho Granite Mountainfirefighters found themselves pushed around like minor leaguers atevery fight until they earned their certification to be 'hot shots.'This certification enabled them to advance from the rear echelons tothe front ranks. The sacrifices that they made to attain 'hot shots'status is comparable to the rigorous regimens that U.S. Navy SEAL teamsmust master. At times, "Only the Brave" ladles out more than enoughsentiment to elicit tears no matter how imperturbable you countyourself."Only the Brave" doesn't dwell on the tragic Yarnell Hill fire.Instead, the filmmakers save one of the deadliest conflagrations forthe grand finale followed by a funeral. Meantime, they trace theorigins of these heroic firefighters, introducing the main charactersas go-getters, and they provide us with glimpses of the supportingcharacters, primarily the rank and file firefighters and theirfamilies. A sense of camaraderie unifies these stout lads as they vowto become 'hot shots' so they can play a greater role in vanquishingtimber fires. Veteran firefighter Eric Marsh (Josh Brolin of "GangsterSquad"), who started out as a Prescott, Arizona, fireman, lives andbreathes to battle blazes. This bespectacled but brawny fellow with amacho handlebar mustache assembles the men and forges them into awell-oiled outfit, rather like a drill sergeant shapes raw recruitsinto disciplined soldiers. Former Prescott Fire Chief Duane Steinbrink(Jeff Bridges of "True Grit") serves as March's worldly-wise mentor whocounsels him about how to achieve his dream. Steinbrink delivers thebest line of dialogue when he warns the men after a few setbacks about'sympathy.' "You want sympathy, you can find sympathy in the dictionarysomewhere between s#&t and syphilis." Meantime, Marsh follows hisinstincts when he takes his men to wild land fires, and he talks to anapproaching fire as he tries to guess what will happen next. Marsh cansee beyond the obvious when sizing up applicants for his crew. When aformer junkie, Brendan McDonough (Miles Teller of "Whiplash"),approaches Marsh about joining his outfit, Marsh gambles on giving thisloser a chance. Admittedly a sorry specimen of a man, McDonough wantsto reform because his estranged girlfriend has given birth to hisdaughter. Initially, Nathalie (Natalie Hall of "Pretty Little Liars")wants nothing to do with him. Everybody in Marsh's company has nothingbut contempt for McDonough, especially Christopher MacKenzie (TaylorKitsch of "Savages"), who loves to humiliate McDonough every chancethat he gets. Ironically, MacKenzie and McDonough wind up becomingclose friends. Shrewdly, Kosinski uses McDonough to acquaint us withthe rank and file members. Later, McDonough and his girlfriend getmarried. Meanwhile, Marsh doesn't have it easy himself because his ownwife Amanda (Jennifer Connelly of "The Rocketeer") have a maritalsquabble when she insists that they have a baby.Naturally, director Joseph Kosinski and scenarists Ken Nolan and EricWarren Singer have taken liberties with their depiction of the GraniteMountain Hotshots to create emotion-laden, dramatic impact.Specifically, the real-life McDonough didn't tangle with a rattlesnake,but the cinematic incident cements hid friendship with MacKenzie.Sometimes, two characters must be compressed into one character. Forexample, Kosinski and company compressed Fire Chief Duane Steinbrink'scharacter with former Deputy Chief Darrell Willis, too. The people whomade "Only the Brave" didn't want to clutter up a story already crowdedwith too many characters, no matter how essential those individualswere. The point is to make a movie where audiences don't have tomaintain a score card because too many characters are in it. At onepoint, the cinematic Eric Marsh chews out McDonough because the latterwants to settle down with his wife and work as a city firefighter.Marsh reprimands him for wanting to abandon the crew. According to aUSA Today article, the Granite Mountain Hotshots experienced a lot ofturnover. Rather than shaming McDonough into sticking with the team,the real-life Marsh supported his decision to leave. Nevertheless,despite these discrepancies, "Only the Brave" is still a genuinelyenthralling actioneer, with sterling performances. Josh Brolin isappropriately cast as the sturdy leader of the gang, with Miles Teller,Taylor Kitsch, and James Badge Dale standing out as Brolin's men. JeffBridges steals more than one scene with his quirky personality, and heappears on stage in concert during one scene strumming a guitar.Earlier, Bridges won his Best Actor Oscar for "Crazy Heart" where heportrayed a singer. Altogether, if you can tolerate some of itsdramatic contrivances, "Only the Brave" emerges as a tribute to thecourage and defiance of those 19 firefighters who looked death in theface.