"Only the Brave" captures spectacular imagery of the grandeur of themountain forests of Arizona, and the beauty and ferocious nature offire. In its most personal Director Joseph Kosinski's "Only the Brave"does move us. Beautiful compassionate Jennifer Connely as Amanda, wifeof Granite Mountain Hotshots supervisor Eric, played by solid JoshBrolin, consoles Miles Teller's Brendan, who breakdowns in tears. HerAmanda tells Brendan, "Don't you dare?" think of your life as lessthan. In the midst of melodrama and raging flames, "Only the Brave" isabout the legacy of Hero. This ultimately works and inspires.Ken Nolan and Eric Warren Singer wrote the screenplay based on the truestory of the Granite Mountain Hotshots firefighters, who fought thehistoric forest fire in Arizona. Brolin's Eric is the leader of thetier 2 firefighters who become Hotshots and heroes. Brolin embodies thepassion and nobility for what he does as a firefighter, protecting thecommunity. As the movie opens that passion is the source of conflict of hismarriage to Connely's Amanda, who raises horses on their ranch.Apparently Amanda sacrificed having a family to be with Eric. Thatsecret is the melodrama that mostly lands as authentic. Brolin andConnely's poignant chemistry eases some of the predictable narrative.It's nice to see Jennifer Connely back in the movies. Teller's Brendan is the lost stoner, who discovers that he is going tobe a father from his estranged girlfriend Natalie, smart sweet NatalieJohnson. This is Brendan's wake-up call that he has to make somethingof his life instead of smoking dope with his buddies. Brendan appliesfor a slot on Eric's crew. Eric immediately outs Brendan as drugaddict, and offers him the challenge to make the team. Miles Teller has this gentle spirit that enrolls us in Brendan. Hisvulnerability is powerful. This is his chance for redemption in life.He turns his life around. In the heartwarming scene, grubby Brendansheds tears as he holds his baby daughter Makayla in his arms. "Onlythe Brave" is at its best in the quiet moments. Eric and Brendan's relationship is the heart and soul of "Only theBrave". Through rigorous training and firefights Eric and his crew earnthe Hotshots rating. But the work takes its toll on all, especially newDad Brendan, who can't spend time with his baby daughter. Eric knowsBrendan so very well, and his past. Eric eloquently tells him, "I amyou?" It's about love. Love breathes greatness in others. This is howheroes are born. "Only the Brave" inspires. Kosinski respectfully pays homage to theactual brave men of the Granite Mountain Hotshots. Heroes give theirall and use their powers for good. The heroes' legacy expands in thetelling of their stories. "Only the Brave" does this in greatunderstatement and more.