Baby Driver is an outstanding movie with an unbelievably well developedplot and pitch perfect cast. It is an action fueled ride from start tofinish, it has a formula that could have been adapted in a very clichéway, but thanks to writer and director Edgar Wright, it is probably themost groundbreaking, original movie you will see all year. It boasts astellar soundtrack that fits each scene perfectly, particularly the carchases, and we can see that the cast and crew spent an insane amount oftime making sure the music suited the action itself perfectly. The balance of drama and comedy is terrific, you will find momentswhere you are in stitches with Wright's witty sense of humour, andother parts were you are entirely invested in to the characters andtheir situation. I went to see this movie a second time beforereviewing it, and I genuinely only liked it more on another viewing,there is so much I got to see that I missed last time, the amount ofEaster eggs and small details are unbelievable. The cast is absolutely perfect, I have no gripes with the casting ofeach character. Ansel Elgort shines in the lead role, being a very mutelead character with a minimal amount of lines, a lot of his performancerelies on his eyes and facial expressions, and he does so in a way thatmakes it seem like it is in no way challenging. Lily James is charmingand layered as Debora, Kevin Spacey brings so much subtlety, nuisanceacting as Doc, whose dialogue with Baby is one of the movie'shighlights. Jamie Foxx is likable in the worse possible ways as Bats,Elza González is sweet and cool as Darling and CJ Jones steals everyscene he is in as Joseph, a character we can do nothing but care for.The breakout performance, for me, was Jon Hamm as Buddy, he has so muchbuilt in rage and it is clear that there is so much more to thischaracter beyond what we see in the movie. Hamm's characterisation isperfect, and he strides through this characters complicated arch,delivering my favourite performance of any Wright film to date. A thrill ride from start to finish, with flawless character developmentand a toe tapping soundtrack, I am sure future movies will try to mimicit, but there is really nothing else like it. Funny, well acted andbeautifully directed, I am genuinely excited about seeing this movieagain, it has reinvigorated my passion for film that can sometimes betaken away from me with all the mediocrity that comes out these days,but Baby Driver reminds me why I love movies so much, when they takeyou on a journey and when its over, you just sit there in awe of whatyou have just experienced, and would not change any of it for theworld, highly recommend to all moviegoers, not one to be missed. A young driver who lives his life through his headphones finds himselfinvolved with a ruthless gang of criminals due to his skill on thewheel. Best Performance: Jon Hamm