I am someone who has enjoyed Edgar Wright's work immensely. In fact,Hot Fuzz is one of my all-time favorite comedies. So obviously, I wentto this movie with high expectations, knowing how much he can deliver agood time at the movies. After seeing it, I can say he most certainlydid, although some things did drag it down from it standing toe-to-toewith his best.First, the positives: the music direction is phenomenal. Nearly all thesoundtrack utilizes a vast selection of music from the past 50 years,and it's clever in how it doesn't use super-overplayed songs (with afew intentional exceptions) and instead uses music most people havenever heard before. This does a wonderful job of emphasizing Baby'sencyclopedic love for music. How the film cuts with the music is trulya work of art. Each chase scene felt like a exciting, but focused rushI usually don't see in summer blockbusters. The main character, Baby, has a backstory and arc that feels completelynatural. His decisions throughout the film make sense relative to hissituation, and Ansel Elgort does a great job portraying both socialawkwardness and focused training. Most of the other characters arefunny as well. Although I do feel like they could have fleshed out someof them more, most of them do get the job done. It is a bitdisappointing, however, considering that even some superhero films thisyear did a better job with building their characters. Jamie Foxx does astand-out performance which bought out most of the laughs for me. Now for some drawbacks: the love interest fell completely flat for me.While Lily James' performance is solid, the material feels, well, a bitlacking. I felt they needed to better justify her and Baby's strongemotional bond. Since that spark isn't quite there, I ended upquestioning why she played along with the events of the movie. Thatreason isn't quite given and it is distracting. Also, while the musicis great, there are brief moments where they use a more traditionalfilm score. If they wanted to show this bond Baby had with music, theyshould have completely immersed us in his ears, which they do, but in acouple scenes I felt as though they forgot or phoned it in. Silence cansometimes be as powerful as score, especially when it contrasts.Despite some gripes, I do think Wright has made another solid additionto his short, but impressive, library of work. I do recommend you seethis one in the theater if you get the chance, because we all know thelast thing we need is another Edgar Wright film to bomb at the boxoffice.