*This review contains spoilers*Im genuinely unsure how this is being rated so high, nothing in thefilm is original, and it would sit quite well in the musical sing alongsection on.. Awful from start to end.. To start with barely any of the casting was a good choice. CastingSpacey was a huge mistake, while I couldn't fault his acting his scriptand role *literally* could have been lifted from his 2001 lead as MickyRosa in '21' Why on earth he was he cast again for an identical part Imunsure.Such classics like: Gone in 60 seconds, Drive, Transporter.. these haveolder,gritty more experienced actors as the lead role, this Iunderstand. To have baby faced Ansel Elgort was the biggest negativething for me.For a character which has struggled with personal loss, is being forcedto drive, even in emotional scenes, non of this shows, it only furtheremphasises his incompetence as for the lead role. His whole role was cringe worthy, every that came out of his mouth waseither poorly acted or sits well in a musical. Dire script. The openingscene set the scene for the whole film, I loved-up flickromance/musicale.WIth regards to the driving aspect of the film, the whole thing is justshot for the purpose of product endorsement in a way which isn'tnoticeable or existent in genuine driving classics.I literally can go on,the film try's to be funny but fails at everystep, the fight scenes and choreography is basically ripped, the scenewhere Eiza González whips out her gun has been done a thousand times,and better, in other female roles such as Trinity in the Matrix or morenotably by Angelina Jolie her films.Heck it just feels nothing is original, just the usual Hollwood, I meaneven the typography of 'Driver' is pretty much ripped from Ubisoftsgame franchise Driver.Jon Hamm's death scene draaaaggggssss ooooon for a good 40 minutes,jeez its about as crass as a transformer action scene.I cant write a review without mentioning the music, the music score isan integral part of any film, and is there to compliment, or to set thescene or emotion. Here the film is basically the music with actorssigning and dancing along to it for 2 draining hours. Music scoreshould compliment a film not be an overly in your face feature of thefilm. This is where the likes of Drive excels, incredible, how this isscoring higher is a phenomenon I don't understandWouldn't be surprised if there was an adaptation to Broadway where itshould burn in its own awfulness.Baby Driver coming as a singalong to your nearest cinema.Maybe I'm being cynical and more critical of films these days, I meanthe countless of 10* reviews leaves me in the minority here, butreally; that was an appalling, unoriginal attempt of a driving filmwhich I hope flops the test of time among genuine classics.