After seeing Baby Driver, one thought kept going through my mind overand over again: Boy, oh boy, what if Quentin Tarantino had directed it?This kind of movie was made for him. In some ways it feels like amodern-day Reservoir Dogs. Put a bunch of criminals together and atsome point there will be betrayal, and bloodshed. Director Edgar Wrightdid a commendable job, but had Tarantino gotten a hold of this project,I know the character development, writing and directing would have beenmuch crisper. The characters are interesting: Kevin Spacey as thelevel-headed leader of a gang of thieves, with Jamie Foxx, Jon Bernthaland a grizzled-looking Jon Hamm among the thieves. Hamm is about asfar-removed from Don Draper as can be and proves he shouldn't betypecast. But the focus is on the baby-faced Ansel Elgort as Baby, whois a helluva getaway driver. He is still tormented by a childhoodtragedy and listens to music through his headphones all day, even whenhe's driving. The other important star of the movie is the soundtrack.It drives the entire narrative, an idea that seems borrowed fromGuardians of the Galaxy. But the music is great. From the Commodores,to Queen, to Barry White, songs are used effectively. The plot revolvesaround Baby's quest to do "one final job" and then get out of the crimebusiness. We've seen this before many times. It never ends well. Alongthe way, Baby meets Debora, a bubbly waitress played by Lily James, wholooks like a young Jessica Lange. She also is obsessed with music, justlike Baby, and they fall hard for each other in what seems like fiveminutes. However, their ultimate plan to ride off into the sunsettogether and listen to music will be easier said than done. The firsthour of Baby Driver is strong. But the final half-hour devolves into acliché-ridden mess, with supposedly dead characters suddenlyreappearing and bad guys failing to kill good guys despite having themin their cross-hairs several times. It's almost as if the producers ranout of money and decided to call it a day. Baby Driver is the secondmovie in a row, following All Eyez on Me, that disappointed me. Notbecause they were bad, but because they could have been so much betterin the hands of a different director. So to sum up, Baby Driver isinteresting for a while, but eventually wraps up like just about everyother caper. Well, at least there's great music along the way.