SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERSThe trailer held great potential for this movie - smartly timed movesto energetic music, explosive car chase scenes, a budding romance.The actual movie - worth one discounted movie ticket for viewing at thetheaters at most.Why?You start off with a catchy title 'Baby DRIVER' - so you'd think you'llbe seeing Fast & Furious-style chases and such throughout, just likethe trailer teases. Yet, the latter 1/2 of the movie is filled withlong, long scenes of Baby.... RUNNING?!?Then, add on all the lost potential - You can easily sing away to theending song of FF7, but here in Baby Driver, you can barely puttogether a La La Land-like soundtrack. It's a total scramble of oddsongs from across genres that don't really fit together - more like theramblings of the director's mind - and what you get is nothing thatreaches as high as the very first bank robbery scene, which setup lotsof anticipation for it's timed wipers, etc.Tack on paper-thin characterization - the assembled 'team' is barelyinteresting versus the FF team. Unmotivated and silly scenes.eg. Right, you go into a building to get weapons, hear a super longblab about port cuts, and only get offered 9 weapons?! And instead ofpicking the 'best', Jamie starts a shootout, picks up random weapons,and blows the rest up?!? So -stupid- versus FF, where the team isoffered the best, and they build and take the best to offer theaudience a truly awesome race/fight scene later on. In Baby, it's anaborted effort. Why offer the goods if you're just going to waste itall?eg. So many scenes are merely Talk, Talk, Talk, Talk.... all in theMIDDLE of an exciting fight/chase/etc. scene. Why, oh, why wasn't allthis cut?? And you end up with a miserable ending versus the 'enemy' at the end.Baby steals one car, crashes it into the bad guy's car. Then, Baby getsout, steals another in the parking lot, crashes it again into the badguy's car. Then, gets out.... you get the idea. Just how fast can onekid get out of a car, break into another, jack it, and drive it intothe bad guy?! So unbelievable.... not only for the changing of cars,but now it's become "Baby Car Crash" rather than "Baby Driver".Spacey dies in an equally lame way in the end - simply shot dead. Noteven uses the full potential of Baby here at all, who stands with hisgirl looking all stupid at the men coming to shoot him dead instead of'Running' so well like he did earlier in the movie. Why, Baby, Whydon't you RUN???? Because it's not a Driver movie anymore and you'refacing death. The movie does stick with you afterwards and you do wonder, what if thefullest potential of the idea had been written into the movie? Imagineif it had Top 10 hits, rocking cameos by top singers, FF-style carchases, an amazing team fighting to escape the cops, etc. Yes, it wouldhave broken Wonder Woman records and become a cult legend. Instead, Baby Driver slowly deflates after the first bank robbery andleaves everyone with a yawn at the end for the immature ending. (It'salso unbelievable how the the girl is characterized - every girl I'vetalked to who watched it rolls her eyes at the unbelievable way she'falls in love' all so suddenly.)You're also left with the tapes. Such unbelievable potential, wasted.It could have had Spacey listen to the 'Mom' tape, setting up thereason he protects Baby in the end and his life changes, realizing the'love' he once had, but nope. Nothing done with it that would havemoved the viewers. 7/10 because it's unique enough to stick in your brain for a day or twoafter. Otherwise, I'd rank it lower for the fragmented plot, weakcharacterization of most of the characters, poor pacing, etc.