Following some other IMDb users' example, I think that the customarydisclaimer is sufficient. "Only the brave" is without question anexcellent motion picture. In addition, it is also sincere respect paidto the 19 firefighters who lost their lives in the Yarnell Hill Fire onJune 28, 2013. They were members of the "Granite Mountain Hotshots", of20 elite forest fire fighters of the Prescott Fire Department,Prescott, Arizona.I have also Googled some additional information which might be helpfulwhile watching the movie. The summary line is quoted from a speech byVice President Joe Biden in a memorial ceremony. In the aftermath, theIndustrial Commission of Arizona, which oversees workplace safety,blamed the state's Forestry Division for the deaths of the 19firefighters, based on an investigation by the state's Division ofOccupational Safety and Health. The Commission said that state fireofficials knowingly put protection of property ahead of safety andshould have pulled crews out earlier.Those who walk into the cinema unaware of the actual events will enjoythe movie thoroughly and find their hearts devastatingly broken in thefinal moments (although there were foreshadows of the tragic ending).Through honest, nonmanipulative narratives, the audience over thecourse of the two hours came to feel that they have become a part ofthe communities of the firefighters and their loved ones in the smallcity Prescott. Particularly galvanizing this empathy is a speech in themiddle of the movie, superintendent Eric Marsh speaking in thecelebration of success in obtaining "Hotshot" certification, the statusof frontline "Type 1" forest firefighters. The "Granite MountainHotshots", as they fondly dubbed themselves, also has the uniquedistinction of the first urban firefighting department nationwide thathas his honor.While there is always temptation to succumb to manipulating the trueevents with crafty sentimentality, this movie skillfully steers thecourse between documentary and drama. The thoughtful dramatizationbrings out heartwarming human touches without impairing the gravity ofthe tragic reality of the true event.The first half deals with the endeavor under superintendent Eric Marsh(Josh Brolin) to get "Hotshot" certification. Tremendously helpful ingetting them an "evaluation" is his mentor Duane Steinbrink (JeffBridges). The structure of the movie is not unlike "The dirty dozen"(1967), with training of a unit perceived as underdogs in the firsthalf and real action in the second. But the subject matters are vastlydifferent. As well, in this true story it is not a dozen, but a score,of which 19 perished in the line of noble duty. The lone survivorexclaims in anguish "It should have been me. They are all better thanme".Watching this movie is living through the daily lives of these people.We see the wives of Eric Marsh and Duane Steinbrink, Amanda (JenniferConnelly) and Marvel (Andie MacDowell) commiserating over "sharing ahusband with a fire". We see the honest fight, with tons of love behindit, between Eric and Amanda on a position they agreed to six years agowhen they got married. Although she is very independent with her owncareer as a horse trainer, Amanda feel more and more the need of a truefamily with a baby. We see the sole survivor Brendan McDonough's (MilesTeller) life change completely, motivated by the unexpected arrival ofa daughter by a girlfriend he has dumped. Against all odds, he getsaccepted by Marsh, and transforms from a drifting substance abuser to avalued member of the firefighting squad. As an endearing side-story ishis relationship with co-worker Christopher MacKenzie (Taylor Kitsch)who starts out as his tormentor. Eventually the two develop such abrotherhood bond that Christopher becomes sort of the baby girl'sbackup father. All these, and more. All commonly human. All touchingthe audience deeply without their even noticing it.The cast contributes immensely. Brolin is at his natural best as thegrassroot, dedicated leader, not always tactful, but wins respect frompeople, even those he does not care to be polite to. Connelly'sportrayal of Amanda is so heartbreakingly honest, forthright, at oncetough and vulnerable. When Eric asks Amanda "why are you so good tome?", without missing a beat comes the answer "hell if I know". MilesTeller, who first impressed me in "Rabbit Hole" (2010), did a wonderfulportrayal of Brendan McDonough, regardless of how much the real personhas been dramatized in the movie. Bridges is a natural for his role ofthe veteran fire chief and brings more, depth to a character that mightotherwise be stereotyped. Kitsch and MacDowell provide excellentsupport, as well as James Badge Dale who plays the impeccably competentsecond-in-command Jesse Steed.