Don't get me wrong, I love Edgar Wright. In fact, I love him so muchthat four of his films occupy their well-deserved spots in my own TopTen Movies of All Time list. And, heading to see Baby Driver, I waspretty sure I'd have to knock someone else's flick off that list tosqueeze Edgar's new creation in there. Sadly, I didn't have to. I can't quite put my finger on it. Is it the very-American theme thatdidn't let Edgar's crazy version of British humor to shine through? Buthe did well in a Canadian setting. Is it the genre? Perhaps, but hismore comic-driven films had plenty of action as well. Is it thebeaten-to-death plot? But Wright is known for taking beaten-to-deathplots like zombie apocalypse or alien invasion and turning them ontheir heads. So perhaps it's nothing more than basic self- indulgence?The best thing about Wright's Cornetto Trilogy and Scott Piligrim wasthat they were brilliant movies that either didn't know they werebrilliant or playfully pretended they didn't know. Baby Driver thinksit's brilliant even when it actually isn't, and that's jarring. Thedialogue feels forced but it's presented as if it's the funniest thingon Earth. The car chases and action bits are not as thrilling as theytry to seem, mostly because you don't care enough about charactersanyway. The romance is superficial, which is fine at first but stopsmaking sense when the lovebirds are suddenly willing to sacrifice theirlives for each other after one dinner together. For Heaven's sake, evenmusic and editing are nothing special, which is a shame, becauseinventive editing and visual puns is what makes Wright films instantlyrecognizable, and cool music is what this particular film was supposedto be all about. Surprisingly, the best part of the film for me were Ansel Elgort andLily James, the two actors I was initially very skeptical about. Anselmade Baby's character likable and Lily just looked unbelievably cute.The big guns like Spacey, Hamm and Foxx could be replaced by anyoneelse without any harm done (and yes, Simon Pegg could easily outdo allof them).My verdict: it's probably a fun movie that blends nicely in today's"style over substance" trend in action movies, but if you wait for thefresh humor and originality of Edgar's earlier works you may want tolower your expectations quite a bit.