"Baby Driver" is awesome. Ansel Elgort is the star. Elgort is a youngClint Eastwood. He has a quiet gentleness and undeniable power. Anselwas amazing in "The Fault in Our Stars". Here he shines brighter thanKevin Spacey, Jamie Foxx, and Jon Hamm, who are much older and allgreat. In the opening scene Baby, played by Elgort, races away in robberygetaway heist in his red Mitsubishi with beguiling mastery. He is aprotégé of sorts. Writer and Director Edgar Wright goes full throttlefrom the start, while subtly painting the portrait of his hero Baby.Baby is a kid in his twenties, who is plugged into his headphones fromhis iPod, to drown out the noise. He has Tinnitus, a ringing in hisears, the result of a tragic car accident when he was a child, revealedin flashback. Wright's car chase sequence is astounding. Baby drivesfearlessly, ice water in his veins. However, he drives like a chessmaster. Wright is brilliant in his layered character reveal. AndElgort's unassuming charisma fuels this. For me the signature scene unfolds when Baby grasps the hand of JamieFoxx's Bats as he tries to draw his Beretta on the love of his lifeDebora. Elgort's Baby gazes into the eyes of Bats, "No." Elgort has thecalm power and resolve embodying Wright's story of love and courage. The most compelling occurs not when "Baby Driver" is roaring 140 mph,rather in the blossoming romance of Baby and waitress Debora, played byradiant and beautiful Lily James. Baby records Debora singing in hisfavorite diner. Then the two talk about their favorite music and song.Debora and Baby are sweet and kind to each other. Spectacular carchases and automatic weapons battles aside, "Baby Driver" is really'about the girl'. As with most great stories, this is usually true. Kevin Spacey is Doc, the robbery maestro who orchestrates the mayhem.His star driver is Baby. Doc's crew includes the couple Buddy andDarling, played by solid Jon Hamm and Eliza Gonzalez. Baby teams withBats, played by calculated cold Jamie Foxx, for one more job to getstraight in the bond beholding him to his boss and mentor Doc. Thinkinghe is free, and be with Debora, Baby soon discovers that "straight"doesn't mean done for Doc. Baby lives with his deaf and wheelchair bound guardian Joseph, playedby kind C.J. Jones. They touchingly converse in sign language. In theamazing dance sequence Baby makes a sandwich for Joseph, while pluggedinto his tunes. The music not only tones "Baby Driver", it defines it.Director Wright seamlessly atmospheres the songs ranging from BarryWhite, Lionel Richie to Queen as the provocative narrative. At timesthe movie is an elegant musical with song and dance set amidstmesmerizing action. This is distinctly "Baby Driver"'s art and profoundcharm. Betrayal, conspiracy, and gunfire abound in Wright's visual portrait.The sharp furious dialogue of Doc, Bats, Buddy, and Darling arecaptivating, though ultimately for show. Really, this is "full of soundand fury, signifying nothing." This only accentuates the quiet andmeasured eloquence of Baby. Baby knows he is cursed as a thief, livesby a code, and lives for love. Kevin Spacey is surprising and powerful as Doc. He reveals not as weexpect, displaying nobility in the end. Like both Spacey and Elgort,"Baby Driver" is a surprise. Yes, it is the visual adrenaline thrillride. What touches most: "Baby Driver" is about the girl.