When it comes to the art, there are few filmmakers who create andperfect their own signature brand. Tarantino, Scorsese, Kuebrick andmany others all share distinct characteristics that make there filmsrecognizable to those serious about cinema. The men listed above areall Master Class in my opinion and dare I say Edgar Wright is on hisway to joining them?SummaryBaby Driver follows a young man who goes by the name "Baby" (Elgort)who is what the title suggests, a Driver and a damn good one. Histalents led him to becoming the prized getaway driver for a group ofcriminals. With his heart not aligned with the lifestyle and actions ofhis co workers he seeks a new start, especially after becominginterested in a girl. It is until he finds himself ready to abandon thelife he finds out how intertwined he really is. ReviewPros Referencing back to the intro, the first 6 minutes of this filmshows why Wright is in a class only a few are in. The scene uses itssoundtrack to act as choreography, every snare hit and kick meanssomething and are perfectly timed to the world our characters are in.We the audience soon realize that music is more than just a soundtrackin this film, but provides an arc for our characters, especially Baby.We learn a lot about him based solely off of the music being played,which is unlike anything I have seen at this level. We then proceed toa long tracking shot of Baby navigating to a coffee shop, which in myopinion is one of the most beautiful shots of 2017. I never thoughtWatching someone get coffee would be this entertaining. Wright does agood job from the start of putting us into this kids world whilesimultaneously showing us why he doesn't belong in it. The castingchoices were all good and added different elements to the story. Babywas the only one tied to music physically through his iPod, but eachcharacter was choreographed as if they were listening too. The actionwas shot really well especially the getaway scenes, both on foot and inthe car. The car chase scenes are pure brilliance making The Fast andThe Furious movies look 2nd tier. Edgar truly kept me engaged and Inever felt cheated in any scene. ConsMuch of the film focused on visuals to the point where I felt somecharacters were a tad bit flat. Subtracting Baby and Doc (Kevin Spacy),I felt the others could have had a little more substance. Some of theirdecisions and actions felt somewhat robotic in my opinion. With thatbeing said Buddy (Hamm) and Batts (Foxx) did shine in a couple ofscenes due to them being quality actors. With this being said pleaseunderstand that even this didn't ruin this movie due to them stillbeing entertaining characters. Lastly the only other minor issue I had was the romance. Although therewas nothing wrong with the acting or chemistry between the characters,it was just a little difficult to believe or get invested in.Conclusion/GradeWhat makes Baby Driver great is that it is a unique experience and isvisually stunning. Edgar Wright does a great job of blending action,suspense, romance and comedy making it one of the most enjoyable filmsof 2017. 8.1/10