The elite group of firefighters known as the Granite Mountain Hotshotscame into national prominence because all but one of them perished inthe deadly Yarnell Hill Fire of June 2013, thus marking the highestdeath toll for US firefighters since 9/11. But this portrait of afraternity of men who risk their lives day-in and day- out containingfast-spreading wildfires is much, much more than just that fatefulincident alone. Oh no, as adapted for the screen from a harrowing GQarticle by Ken Nolan ('Black Hawk Down') and Eric Warren Singer('American Hustle'), it is a celebration of ordinary, sometimes- flawedmen doing extraordinary things that pays homage to their indomitablecourage and self-sacrifice, but never does turn reverent to the pointof idolatry. These are men with real struggles and issues of their own,and in portraying these alongside their heroism, this well-roundedtribute becomes all the more compelling and poignant.When we first meet these firefighters, they are no more than amunicipal squad doing Type II fire mitigation duty, viz. clearing brushand burning firelines relatively far from the danger itself. Thatdiminished status is a sore point for their superintendent Eric Marsh(Josh Brolin), who implores the division chief and close confidantDuane Steinbrink (Jeff Bridges) to get them certified as 'hotshots'.That journey to cherished Type I status will see Eric recruit a bunchof newbies to augment their numbers, including the local screw-upBrendan McDonough (Miles Teller) looking for a chance to straighten hislife out ? not only will Eric have to ensure that Eric does not end upbecoming their Achilles heel, he will also have to manage the dynamicsbetween Brendan and fellow hot-blooded member Chris MacKenzie (TaylorKitsch). Thus sets the stage for a good number of scenes which show howthe men train ? committing rules to memory, conducting deploy drillsand creating control burns ? which will pay off in unexpected ways ingiving context of what the men will be doing in the heat of duty.That they will be recognised as top-tier firemen is no surprise, but itis how the relationships between these men evolve that is trulyengaging to watch. There is plenty of camaraderie to go around, builtup over months of training together and fighting fire alongside eachother, such that Brendan and Chris will just overcome their initialenmity but become best buddies in a way that feels completelyauthentic. Due focus is also given to the families of these men, inparticular Eric's fierce but loving relationship with his strong-willed wife Amanda (Jennifer Connelly) as well as Brendan's strainedrelationship with the girl whom he got pregnant and their babydaughter. In fact, the film is as much homage to the men as it ishonouring their wives and children who endure long stretches of theirabsence and persistent anxiety over their safety and wellbeing.Deserving of special mention are the emotionally charged scenes betweenEric and Amanda, which not only portray the complexities of being in amarriage with someone so consumed by a profession that may one dayclaim his very life, but also later on underline the unavoidablyprofound grief felt by his subsequent demise.Just as he does with the characters, director Joseph Kosinski keeps thefirefighting footage real and authentic. Unlike other such genre films,there is no attempt to inflate or sensationalise the scale andintensity of these conflagrations; instead, each one is approached bythe crew in an almost routine fashion ? a call for help, a long rideout in their vehicles where they sing songs and trade jokes, and anequanimity on the ground borne out of skill, confidence andprofessionalism ? much in the way that any one of us would our day-to-day work, with the notable distinction of course being how extremelydangerous each one of these missions is. Combining actual fire, specialeffects and CGI, the five different blazes we see on screen showcasethe stunning and terrible beauty of fire, each one magnificentlycaptured by Oscar-winning cinematographer Claudio Miranda.But more than the visual spectacle of the blazes is the brotherhood ofthe unit, the bonds between the men forged over sweat and soot. It istheir camaraderie, their true-to-life challenges and their bravery,determination and perseverance that will stay with you long after thelights come on. Each one of the actors that make up the stellar actingensemble portraying these real-life heroes puts in some of his or herbest work we have seen, no more so than Brolin, who anchors the film asthe strong-willed leader with dignity, gravitas and pathos. You'llalready know right from the start that there is no happy ending forthese men, not even the only one among them who survives out of pureluck and is therefore saddled with a profound sense of guilt, but theireventual fate still hits you like a blast. This is as befitting ahomage as it gets to these ordinary men, deeply moving, immenselyaffecting and thoroughly realistic.