Edgar Wright yeah? Edgar Wrong. I love Edgar Wright movies, but Ithought this script was truly amateur hour. So I wondered whathappened? Then I read this is the first screenplay he wrote by himself.And so I beg, please do NOT do that again. It is one mistake afteranother. Nothing really makes any sense, which I guess is fine ifyou're going for the surreal world of Scott Pilgrim or his other films,which was which were true masterpieces, not this junker. I saw someprofessional critic say (can you trust those guys anymore?) that thiswas "his masterpiece." I hope he got paid well. This movie isamateurish on every level, and it isn't just the script, the story ishackneyed as well. But back to the script, you know what I hate incrime movies more than anything? Magic cops. Magic cops is what I call it when police show up within a time framethat in real life is much too fast. If you commit a crime and withinseconds or less than a minute there are multiple cop cars andhelicopters on you-- those are magic cops. If every time you turnaround, there are cops, those are magic cops. That may give thedirector a quick way to get into a chase scene, or move the plot whereyou want to go quickly, but it is cheating the laws of reality. Theability of the cops to always find the criminal very quickly regardlessof what they do or where they go or how little info the cops shouldhave, is cheating the viewer of a realistic story. Which is fine for asurreal movie like Wright is known for, but this is played straight.This is a straight up crime romance. It is lazy writing and nothingmore to blame. Another thing I hate is when supposed seasoned criminals do very dumbthings in order to make it easier for cops to catch them. For instanceif you are stealing cars to make a get away and also switching cars toaid in your escape, why would you then park right in front of where youlive or where you are doing stuff? And since you changed cars why arethe cops there within a minute or two? The writing is lazy, that's why.The criminal all of a sudden conveniently acts like a foolish amateurat the worst possible time and the cops magically appeareverywhere--that sums up this movie. This happens over and over andover.The acting is fine for what they are asked to do, but what they areasked to do is either mawkish or hackneyed tough criminal types. I getthe feeling that Wright was trying to create a Guy Ritchie movie(failed at that Edgar, completely) because he wanted to be seen as morethan the guy who makes funny wacky weird movies. He wants to be seen asstreet. He fails bigly. The amount of hype this movie gets is sadly sotypical these days for bad movies, and I think a lot of it has to dowith people who are maybe drinking or other things, maybe out partyingbefore seeing these types of movies that appeal to young guys, becauseif you are sober and not very young, you should cringe at this type ofstuff. Imagine Fast and the Furious without anything but sitting aroundtalking like idiots with a few driving scenes without any of the wildand big production stuff they do. What you get is dumb and tiresomedialogue, mawkishness, hackneyed machismo, and a forced romance thatdoesn't seem real just to give the movie a romantic motive for thelead.