Director Edgar Wright did not fail to meet expectations. In fact, heexceeded them to deliver a wonderfully soundtracked, very enjoyablefilm, well rounded with action and comedy.The film Baby Driver follows the story of Baby (Elgort), a robberygetaway driver who listens to music to drown out the ringing in hisears. He meets and falls in love with a diner waitress (James). Despitethe couple's wish to leave the world of unenjoyable jobs behind them asthey drive off to nowhere in particular, Baby's life of crime doesn'tlet him to do so as his boss (Spacey) and the muscle (Hamm, Foxx)continue to put him in difficult situations. The film is full ofstunning car chase scenes, foot- tapping and head-bobbing soundtracks,and spectacular editing work.The acting is praise-worthy, especially with an all-star cast. AnselElgort plays Baby wonderfully, fully embodying the character anddrawing the audience's attention. Kevin Spacey plays Doc and gives agood supporting performance as the callous mastermind behind each bigheist. Hamm and Foxx play the callous and ruthless robbers andundoubtedly succeed in giving Baby a hard time. Lily James also gives agreat breakout performance in the film.ON TO THE EDITING. Edgar Wright's past works (Hot Fuzz, Shaun of theDead, etc) all show his action/comedic genius with on-point soundediting and scene cuts. Personally, I believe Baby Driver may beWright's best work because the intense, fast paced driving actionallows for quick cuts that align with the rhythm and beat of whatevergreat song is playing on Baby's iPod. Even the characters interact withthe music -- whether it is a character mimicking the loud blast of agrenade, cocking a shotgun, playing a make-shift piano, or shifting thecar into reverse -- each interaction is a perfect note that makes theaudience enjoy the film and song that much more. Overall, I believeWright managed to succeed in what he sought out to achieve -- a comedicaction film that is unique in film and sound editing.In my opinion, Baby Driver is a highly recommended movie that will besure to attract and appeal to a large audience. Wright makes the viewerappreciate editing, so take note and enjoy the brilliance and the fun.