Grade: A-In a Nutshell: Based on a true story and an article written in GQMagazine, this is a timely film that spotlights true heroes who fightfires. More specifically, it honors the real men called the GraniteMountain Hotshots in Arizona. Uplifting theme: Brotherhood, unity, loyalty Courage Family Second chances andforgiveness "Doing something that's never been done before takes time."- Duane Steinbrink (Jeff Bridges)Things I liked: Wow, how did they film some of those scenes? The firelooks very real. Great job. You get to see pictures of the actual menwho served in the Granite Mountain Hotshots team at the end of themovie.Jennifer Connelly makes a gorgeous cowgirl and gives the best stand-out performance in the movie. Her emotional range was stellar. Shespent time with the real Amanda Marsh to prepare for her role in thefilm. Jeff Bridges sings in a band called "Steinbrink and the RustyPistol" in a bar scene!I thought it was interesting that the famous travel empire, Conde Nast,was involved with this film. You see some beautiful Arizona landscapes.In terms of emotion and exciting fire action, Only The Bravereminded meof the 1991 movie Backdraft, which I loved. Congrats to Miles Tellerfor having two movies in theaters at the same time! He's currently alsostarring in Thank You for Your Service I liked Dierks Bentley'sfeatured song Hold The Light Things I didn't like: There are several other movies also titled "Onlythe Brave", but they are not related to this movie. Seems like theycould have picked another title, right? There were some scenes thatwere annoyingly dark, as in, I couldn't see the expressions on people'sfaces when they were talking in a dark room. I'm sure it was anartistic choice, but it still bugged me. Sometimes you can't quite hearthe dialogue, because there are so many other sounds going on. I likeJeff Bridges, but lately he only plays the same old character in all ofhis movies. This is the first time he and Josh Brolin have workedtogether in a film since True Grit, another fantastic movie where JeffBridges plays the same kind of character. Don't get me wrong...he doesit very well! Lots of spitting. ha haTips for parents: Some profanity, trash talk, and 1 F-bomb. Someonegets a rattlesnake bite. Drug use Talk of sex Lots of dangerous fireand perilous situations People die. Wounded horse.MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice