We get it, the kid has an eclectic taste in music. We all do. Despite alist of great actors, most of the scenes seemed far too "forced", likethey were trying too hard to be edgy and hard core, in doing so manyscenes came off as desperate. The film has Wright's fingerprints all over it though...fast motion,movements synchronized with music, etc. But there was too much of itand I feel that it detracted from an already weak story. Frankly, I'm both astounded and sadly not surprised that so many peopleare raving about this movie. It's an okay bit of escapism, but it'spredictable and not at all compelling. Edgar Wright seemed to havetried too hard to make the point that Baby (the main character) was"different", edgy and innocent but somehow worldly - but despite whatwe learn about his mother, we actually know very little about WHY hemay have ended up so ... special. And we may as well have discovered inthe end that "Baby's" real name was Elvis instead of whateverforgettable name it was. The director really did evoke those Elvis-likequalities with the lead actor, I don't think that was an accident. The other characters have little history or context for that matter aswell. Rather than adding mystery to the film, this lack of contextdetracts from some otherwise well put together action scenes. Yeah,Kevin Spacey is a big-time crime guy - but we know nothing about himother than he wants to "partner" with a kid who once stole his car.That's odd to me...and disingenuous. And because I couldn't buy theforced dynamic that led Baby to be so trusted by his "boss", I had ahard time finishing this film to be honest.The dialogue seems to have all been ripped from other movies - whotalks like those people? The criminals all seem to have derived theirinspiration and vocabulary from other criminal films in the past 20years. The dynamic between Baby and his WAY too soon girlfriend (whatmakes this young lady so willing to run away with a kid she doesn'teven know? Or is it all just that Elvis charm Baby exudes? This dynamicseems like a nod to a wannabe Bonnie and Clyde alternate reality. Perhaps all of this nuance was what the director intended. Perhaps thegenius that so many people seem to be seeing is just this "odd" feelingone gets while watching. Or maybe it's not some art-house masterpieceas Rolling Stone is touting it, Maybe it's just sort of a predictableand pedestrian delivery vehicle for an odd soundtrack. But lots of people seem to like it, and there are some cute/funnymoments. The chase scenes are good, but it feels as though Wright triedtoo hard with much of the dialogue and story elements.