I didn't know that there was such a thing as a Hotshot before I watchedthis film. Taking a look at the premise of Only the Brave, Iunfortunately knew how it was going to end. However, that did nothinder the quality of the film. I was blown away by Only the Brave,because it took a little known tragic event and made it one of the bestcharacter-driven and emotional films ever.The characters in this film are nothing short of perfect, and thecasting was spot-on. Josh Brolin gave the best performance I've everseen from him. Miles Teller, Taylor Kitsch, James Badge Dale and JeffBridges were also flawless, and completely dissolved in theircharacters. And Jennifer Connelly is back! Anyway, Back to the characters. All of them have qualities the audiencecan relate to. Any clichéd dialogue or events that occur are pure humanmoments, and don't feel out of place or too predictable. Brolin andTeller's characters have true arcs, and are fleshed out extremely well.My point is, you CARE about these characters and sitting in thetheater, you feel like you are with them doing this incrediblydangerous yet heroic job that adds a whole other level to this storyabout them.As the film progresses, we start to see that Teller has his own subplottrying to connect with his new family. At first I was skeptical aboutthis and wondered why this character was getting way more screen timethan the other members of the crew, and why he had his own backstory.This works for the film all because of the resolution. I will explainthis later.The visual storytelling in this movie was phenomenal, because we seehow mighty and powerful these forest fires are, and truly realize howbrave these men are, getting so close to the fire. Even though we donot individually know all 20 members of the crew, because that wouldobviously take too long to go into full detail on, we still connectwith all members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots watching them work,interact, and celebrate. Two thirds into the movie, we are aware thatthey are all heroes, and therefore people we care about. The filmrealized this concept excellently, and added so much to the emotionalside of the story. And oh boy, did I feel some emotions towards the endof this film.Watching the incredible visual effects, and listening to dialoguethroughout the movie, I knew something bad was bound to happen. TheYarnell Hill Fire happened. 19 of 20 Granite Mountain Hotshots died.Deadliest wildfire since 1991. One single lightning strike caused allthis havoc. It's cruel. Here's what this film presented:It's the night before the fire. Brolin is angry at Teller for wantingto leave the crew so he can feel safer and be closer to his family.Brolin goes home with his wife, they connect, and he realizes what adick he was to Teller. Now we're in the Yarnell Hill Fire, and rightbefore Brolin assigns Teller to lookout, he redeems their relationshipand says he will support Teller's family in any way and respectwhatever decision he makes. Thus, Brolin's arc is complete. Then overthe next 15 minutes, some unfortunate events lead to a windy stormcoming in, Teller barely being rescued, and the fire overruns and killsthe other 19 members of the crew. Once Teller realizes this, he dropsthe phone, and you can feel the pain his character is experiencing atthis moment. Fast forward to the scene of all the families of theHotshots, knowing that only one of those families is going to berelieved when Teller walks through the door. At this point, I'm tearingup. After Teller reveals that he is alive, and he looks around theroom, and he storms out, and Jennifer Connelly confronts him, I starttearing up again. We all deal with unjustified guilt in our lives, butI've never seen a scene in a film that dealt with that theme sobrilliantly. I felt so emotional at that moment because I spent an entire filmwatching real people develop into uncompromising heroes. The suddendeath of these men led to not only Teller's character feeling guilty,but us audience members as well. And in realizing that our guilt iscompletely unjustified, we feel an emotional connection with everyonestill in the picture. We learn that only the bravest men can beHotshots, and they are not afraid of any tragedies that may occur. Andin this moment, we know that these men should deserve our fullestamount of respect, for they have saved countless lives and are theactual heroes we all dream of becoming.What made this heartbreaking ending scene work was that we were givenan entire subplot devoted to Miles Teller's character. Since he is theonly one of the crew who survived the event, this section of the filmpays off. Based on his arc throughout the film, we know he will feelthe guiltiest because his life leading up to this was probably verydifferent than the other crew members. And having seen his journeyunfold, we know he will feel the most guilt about the tragedy. Becauseof this, we can see all the families in one place and still feel thesame emotions as if every Hotshot member's family life was fleshed outwith their own subplot. We still connect with these other families weknow nothing about. This is very hard to do, but the filmmakers knewexactly how to pull it off, and I must give it my highest praise forthat.This film connected with me on a deeply emotional level, and I hope itdoes for many others as well. Everybody should see this film, it is oneof the best of the year.10/10!