Just like in the original movie, this one was also truly a familymovie. Almost the same formula was used in here where Paddington, beinga naive, friendly kind bear caught in trouble due to the bad thingsdone by the villain, and had to be rescued by the Browns. There wasdefinitely a lot of laugh and love around in this movie. So get readyfor some funny moments and of course some touching emotional moments.The movie itself focused on the feel-good factor that you wouldexperience when watching it and especially the happiness and emotionalsensation after the climax scene in the end. However, this movie wasnot a very deep one filled with intelligent conversation. Instead itwas a light movie filled with scenes where we would be feeling happy orsad for Paddington. Of course some of the things were also a little bitillogical and have a sense of absurdity in it, but we could stilltolerate and just enjoy the movie. It was made purely to be enjoyed bythe whole family and I think it would be nicer to see this one duringChristmas period. I do not know why, but it had a Christmas aura in themovie.The CGI to create Paddington was as nice as the original film, but Iespecially love the scenes shown during the imagination of Paddingtonwhen he was looking at the pop-up book. It was very nice and wonderfulto see it and I could actually experience what he was imagining. TheBrown family affection and of course the whole neighborhood'sappreciation towards Paddington was very lovely to see as well. And bereminded to see the warm feeling when you see the scene involvingBrendan Gleeson and his friends. There was a fun mid credit scene thatyou could enjoy too, but no end credit scene.In the end, this movie was just to be enjoyed and not to be overlythought. You would need to have good imagination and also better tohave watched the original movie to have better appreciation ofPaddington and the Browns relationship. But even if you did not see thefirst one, I think you could still understand the movie as it was nottoo overly complicated. My wife and I were pretty entertained with themovie, especially my wife who had some emotional moments in thetouching scenes. We were definitely glad to have seen this one, eventhough a bit late. The only thing I quite regret was the scenes of thetrailer were a bit too much and some of the funny scenes were alreadyshown there. So if you are looking for a family friendly movie with some of thosefunny moments plus if you want to enjoy seeing that cute cuddly bearwith his naivety and kindness to brighten up your day, this onedefinitely would be a good choice. for my complete review, pls have a look atmichaelnontonmulu.blogspot.co.id