Paddington 2 Written by Ben Peyton @BenPeyton007 10th November 2017Ben Whishaw swaps James Bond for Michael Bond's Paddington Bear in thesequel to 2014s hugely successful Paddington, simply named Paddington2. Simply named, but ingeniously signalled by Paddington himself in thefilm's opening.In search of the perfect gift for his Aunt Lucy, Paddington discoversan old pop-up book in Mr Gruber's antique shop and takes on a series ofodd jobs to pay for it. When the book is stolen, Paddington enlists thehelp of the Brown family and some new-found friends to retrieve it andunmask the thief.Director, Paul King, unveils some wonderfully creative moments; aninteractive sequence involving the pop-up book utilising some ofLondon's most famous landmarks, a hilarious slap-stick Mr Bean-esquebarber scene, a beautifully lush tropical jungle sprouting from asingle tear and concluding with an exciting train-top chase reminiscentof Skyfall. Seriously.Joining King are writers Simon Farnaby and Jon Croker. Their terrificscript makes full use of the glittering cast's comedic talent and theyall seem to be having an absolute blast.None more so than Hugh Grant as washed-up thespian, Phoenix Buchanan.Grant plays a plethora of characters and it's a welcome reminder ofjust how good an actor he is. The twinkle in his eyes, lacking fromsome of his films over the years, that infectious grin and hispositively charming accent are cranked up to 11 and he lights up thescreen whenever he appears. Whether he's a not so noble knight or asurprisingly attractive nun, Grant is having a ball as his pantomimeperformance hits all the right notes.Brendan Gleeson also has free reign to exaggerate his character, agrizzly convict by the name of Knuckles McGinty, to superb effect.Gleeson leads a host of some of Britain's best comedy actors, includingTom Davis and Noah Taylor, to make their jailhouse rock.Leading the way as the voice of Paddington, Ben Whishaw's impeccablypitched innocence, naivety and comic timing, combined with someexceptional CGI make you forget you're watching an animation.The supporting characters are all played to perfection by an impressiveensemble cast including, Julie Walters, Sally Hawkins, Hugh Bonnevilleand Jim Broadbent with excellent turns by Tom Conti, Peter Capaldi,Joanna Lumley and Kobna Holdbrook-Smith.Dario Marianelli's delightful score is also a highlight, with a There'sSomething About Mary style band, Tobago and d'Lime, appearing every nowand then to belt out a tune.Paddington 2 is a joyful smile all the way through. I grinned and wouldhappily bear it again. The ending, although predictable, issurprisingly moving and the perfect conclusion to a wonderful familyfilm full of charm and love. As Aunt Lucy would say, "If we're kind andpolite, the world would be right." It's a simple message and one wecould all learn from.Oh, and do stick around for a little treat during the credits. Prisonhas never looked so much fun!