I'll start this review off by mentioning something specific and uniqueabout this film that proves that I have seen this film while I suspectone reviewer didn't. The film handles the traditional nativity storywhile modifying the King Herod's attempt to find the Christ child andthe Holy Family and murder them. (And, frankly, IMO, that part of thestory that leads to the slaughter of the children of Bethlehem is not asuitable subject for family animated movie for children and is wiselyleft out of this film.) How they changed the King Herod part was totell the story from the animal's point of view. The donkey Bo, Dave thebird, and Ruth the lamb all notice a new star in the sky and concludethat something great is doing to happen. Now Bo, who is a donkey of amiller, escapes his cruel master, and is adopted by Mary and Joesph.Only after Mary and Joesph leave on their journey to Bethlehem, does Bolearn that Herod has sent a soldier henchman with a long nasty lookingsword and two mean chained together dogs to search for Mary and thebaby and kill them. Bo enlists the aid of his friend Dave the dove anda lamb named Ruth, to chase after Mary and Joesph in order to warn themof the Soldier hunting them and to protect the holy family. Bo doesn'tknow why Mary is being hunted. The camels of the Magi, who Bo, Dave,and Ruth don't meet until the end of the film, witness Herod's originalplotting. As I said, the film wisely leaves out the massacre of thechildren of Bethlehem and stops before that point in the biblicalnarrative means this film does not have a very violent, bloody, andadult scary scene in it for children to watch.While telling the nativity story from the animals' point of view is nota new idea, using them to modify, and soften Herod's part is.The animation is stunning in this film. The story is easy to fallow and treats the traditional nativity storyrespectfully while infusing the obviously fictional part of the animalstalking. It also has jokes in it to keep the tone of the picture lightand easy .The soundtrack's use of the carols and new music is lively, andenjoyable without getting too heavy handed with the religious theme.But the soundtrack doesn't get too light ether. It hits the rightbalence of seriousness and entertaining.I would highly recommend taking children to see this film.