They're the same, but different. Once upon a time, one of them was likea proud and dignified parent and the other, a stubborn and rebelliouschild. After that child left home and matured, the child becamestronger than the parent, to the point that the child protected theparent when the parent was being attacked by dangerous enemies. But themost important characteristics of what is often called their "specialrelationship" are their common heritage, their mutual affection andtheir cooperation in good times and bad. In fact, this parent hadseveral other children and has many more cousins and neighbors, butnone so closely aligned? and so highly regarded by others. So, in spiteof the strong disagreements that arose between them and warring againsteach other more than once, but because of their common language,culture and military, political and economic interests, and havingfought common enemies on multiple occasions, it makes sense thatfreelance spy agencies from the United Kingdom and the United Stateswould work together in the action- adventure-comedy "Kingsman: TheSecret Service" (R, 2:21). In fact, much like the countries that the story's different spyagencies represent, 2015's "Kingsman: The Secret Service" and 2017's"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" are the same, but different. They're bothbased on the British spy action-comedy comic book series by Mark Millarand Dave Gibbons (debuting in 2012, originally called "The SecretService", but renamed "Kingsman" when the movies started coming out).Both films focus on the character Eggsy (Taron Egerton), the young thugwho became a gentleman spy and works for the highly secretive Britishspy agency known as "Kingsman", headquartered in a nice butunremarkable tailor shop. Key characters in both also include theKingsman IT specialist known as Merlin (Mark Strong) and? anexperienced agent (and mentor to Eggsy) who is called Galahad (Oscarwinner Colin Firth)? even though he was apparently killed in the firstfilm. Both also co-star a cultural icon: "Star Wars" legend MarkHammill in the first, music legend Elton John in the second. Maybe mostimportantly, both films were co-written by Jane Goldman and MatthewVaughn and directed by Vaughn.A year after the events of the first film, Eggsy is doing what Eggsydoes ? romancing the girl, hanging out with his friends, fighting offbad guys and standing ready to save the world, if so needed. As he'sleaving work one evening, he's attacked by Charlie (Edward Holcroft), aformer Kingsman recruit gone wrong, whom Eggsy almost killed in thefirst film. But this attack isn't just about revenge. Charlie is a manon a mission ? a mission to entirely eliminate the Kingsmanorganization ? and he nearly succeeds. While at dinner with the Kingand Queen of Sweden (the late Björn Granath, in his final film role,and Samantha Womack), the parents of his girlfriend, Princess Tilde(Hanna Alström), Eggsy learns that Kingsman locations around the U.K.have been attacked. He seems to be the only surviving agent and Merlin,the only surviving staff member. Together, they pursue the Kingsman"Doomsday Protocol" which seems to be about drinking an old bottle ofwhiskey from the Stateman distillery near Louisville, Kentucky, USA.Eggsy and Merlin head to the states where they discover that, liketheir tailor shop, the distillery is a front for a super-secret spyorganization. The good ol' boy American version is headed by a mannamed Champagne (Oscar winner Jeff Bridges), who wants to be called"Champ". His agents include Tequila (Channing Tatum), Whiskey (PedroPascal) and their IT specialist, Ginger Ale (Oscar winner Halle Berry). Champ puts all Statesman resources at the disposal of Kingsman and bothgroups work together against the sweet but ruthless international drugkingpin (and leader of this film's titular organization) Poppy Adams(Oscar winner Julianne Moore). Poppy has built a 1950s-inspired lairout of ancient ruins deep in the jungles of Cambodia ? and she haskidnapped Elton John to be her personal entertainer! She's the kind ofperson who will have one of her new thugs throw one who broke her rulesinto a large meat grinder and then make the new guy a hamburger out ofthe remains. She's the Happy Homemaker meets Scarface. And, likeRichmond Valentine before her, Poppy is pursuing an agenda that couldlead to the deaths of many millions of people around the world.Defeating her evil plans will take every bit of toughness, skill andbravery from the Statesman and Kingsman organizations ? including thatof Harry Hart, who is now living at Statesman headquarters, but isn'tthe Galahad whom Eggsy and Merlin knew."Kingsman: The Golden Circle" has all of the action, attitude andappeal of the first one, but improves on its own formula. The gadgetsand the fight sequences are as delightfully over-the-top as theoriginal, but the violence is (appropriately) just a shade less gleeful(no heads exploding into fireworks set to music). And, even thoughthere's still a strong us-against-the-world vibe, this script is alittle less mean-spirited and doesn't try to make every single personand group outside of Kingsman (and Statesman) into evil caricatures.This sequel may still be a bit excessive in certain areas for someMovie Fans, but it has an even better cast (including Sir Elton inaction sequences!), even better direction (including some great setpieces) and is more fun than the first one. "A-"