It is ironic that when a writer concocts so many sub-plots which takethe audience off the Hero's main goal/desire, the main story line getslost in the shuffle. This was what was happening in the first 10minutes, until we got to the change of venue at Poppy's hang-out. Weare introduced to the psychopathic opponent, Poppy, who does not flinchwhen one of her "soldiers" is committed into a meat grinder. She calmlymakes a "humanburger" out of the hapless sub- opponent; dares her next"soldier" to eat the thing, while the audience tries to avoid vomiting.Not necessarily because of the disgusting concept of grinding a humanbeing and then filming the "humanburger" for all to see, but because ofjust plain grossly overplayed attempts at humor with a classlessscript. Billed as action/comedy, this script continued to exacerbate thepatience of an audience that actually was relieved by the specialeffects/blood/carnage/ destruction/body parts flying - I noticed theaudience turning on their hand-held devices and catching up on e-mails,which was even more obnoxious than this script. The Hero, a young recent recruit into the secret service, simply didnot have a believable story line. As with the genre of Mythology, thisHero set out to smite the dragons, one after another, using tools,weapons, impromptu devices, sci-fi gadgets, etc. This type of writingis predictable because after slaying one dragon, the rest are ho-humgoing to be slain. There are no surprises in this script, other than avast array of curious characters who enter and then depart. The Opponent, Poppy, is not particularly opposed to the Hero for anyparticular reason. She is not blocking what the Hero attempts to dobecause so many other unrelated characters march in and out of thescript, as if they were tacked on to increase the Narrative Drive. Thistechnique did not work. The audience attention was not on the Hero'scharacter arc because the vast character displays with no significantweb to speak of kept taking the audience OFF of the Narrative Drive -the exact opposite desired effect. The dialogue was in your face, with very little subtext. Predictablecharacter development, to the point where except for the British crewand the British accents vs. the southern characters and the whiskeydrinkers and down home brawls - The characters could have beeninterchangeable they were drawn in such a surface manner. Colin Firth,with temporary memory loss, did a superb job as usual because he is afine actor. Jeff Bridges also did what he could with his whiskeysaturated good old' boy routine leading a crew of men who all want tofight on the side for good vs. the evil "out there." Poppy, the opponent, was so ridiculous, the attempt at parody was lost.A good opponent works punch-counter-punch with a good Hero - back andforth, constantly giving the audience Reveals. This was not the casewith this script. The result - Very boring, predictable, and clichéd.