These movies are fun and entertaining, and a nice tongue in cheek odeto James Bond - films that are by no means less absurd. The villainsare hilariously ridiculous to the point of over- saturation. They'recrazy on the verge of cartoon crazy and Poppy was particularly over thetop. Yet it kinda worked since these films don't take themselvesseriously. Taron as Eggsy is always charismatic and great at the actionscenes. I've seen him in several other films/TV and I really hope hecontinues to do well. I really liked the first movie. It wasn't perfect, but it was good.There was humor, charm, and that fight scene with Colin Firth isprobably one of the best in film ever. With that said, this secondmovie was a disaster. The film makers tried too hard to recreate thingsfrom the first movie instead of letting the second stand on its own. Atthe end of the day this movie was basically a dramatization about thelegalization of drugs using spies. (Side note: The movie definitelymade a statement about U.S. politics that was appropriate given thecurrent climate, but nonetheless depressing.) The main issues I had are below. 1) The plot of the movie starts when Charlie gets the Kingsmeninformation and gives it to Poppy, but the reasoning is neverexplained. We know he hates them, but she wouldn't have even knownabout them unless he had told her. She's an American and they're a verysecret British government agency. So why did she take on his vendettaso viciously? 2) There is no mention of the events in the first movie. They couldhave closed it up with a short conversation and moved on. Yet there isnothing about how everyone was going around killing each other or howtons of politicians and celebrities abruptly died.3) We're introduced to a new agency in America, but then learnvirtually nothing about them. We know they make alcohol and have verystereotypically American toys that are not as concealable as theirBritish counterparts, but we only ever see one member long enough tocharacterize them. He ends up being a bad guy and dies. Anyone else wesee has no personality, and I'm pretty sure they only got the A-listactors so they could put them on the poster. Why was Channing Tatumeven in this? He was frozen the whole time. (I can't stand him, butthat's unrelated.) 4) I love Colin Firth as Harry so I understand why they brought himback, but mostly it was pointless. They killed him off in the firstmovie because it was unexpected. That movie kept stating how it's "notthat kind of movie", yet clearly now it was, because his death wasn'tfinal. Now anyone can come back from the dead, which means no one'sdeath means anything. They didn't even do anything interesting with hischaracter! The amnesia thing really didn't work for me and it felt likea cop out.5) They took Roxy and Merlin and I was really mad. Roxy didn't even geta chance to be an agent! She got killed right at the beginning of thefilm! I was so close to yelling obscenities in the theater. I had beenlooking forward to how her character developed. However, given thatHarry came back, maybe these two will show up alive in the next moviein some far-fetched way. 6) They never explained how Harry knew that Whiskey was working againstthem. He just said he knew, shot him, and then they left it. And Idon't care how great your technology is - no one comes back from abullet wound to the head that quickly. 7) Did we need to have the fingering scene at the music festival? No. Ithink they were trying to one-up the butt sex scene from the firstmovie, but even that joke was in poor taste. I think the scene's realpurpose was so they could set up a plausible reason for Taron to havehis one obligatory shirtless scene. (That part I didn't mind becausedaaaaaamn he's fit.)8) The first Elton John joke was funny, and maybe the second. Any jokeafter that was more than was necessary. They overdid it on Elton.9) A royal wedding. Seriously? A royal wedding? That was just stupid.Why did they even have him dating the princess? The film didn't need alove story. It needed a better writer.Overall, not impressed. All I can say is if they make a thirdinstallment they better get Tom Hiddleston to be a Kingsmen agent tomake up for this terrible sequel.