In the words of Professor X: "What a disappointment you are!" Thatpretty much sums up the entire film of Kingsman: The Golden Circle! Ifound the first Kingsman movie, fun, thrilling and pretty cool and sowent into Kingsman 2 with high hopes and was very badlydisappointed.... The film hit the ground running but fairly soon after just hit theground! At the beginning I was excited and looking forward to the restof the film, but about a quarter way IN and I was already regrettingbuying my tickets! Upon watching this film I was quickly hit with one problem afteranother! The dialogue, the characters, the plot, the script, some ofthe acting and even a few of the cameos... The rather creepy andun-funny presence of Elton John swearing like a sailor only added tothe convoluted mess of Kingsman 2! LET'S BREAK IT DOWN! One thing I REALLY noticed about Kingsman: The Golden Circle was howalmost all of the fun and charisma of the first film was completelylost! The amusing jokes and catch phrases of the first film werereplaced with EVEN MORE SWEARING!!! It just about reached the limit innumber 1 but in 2 there seems to be a f*** or sh** every 2 seconds andTHAT for 2 hours and 21 minutes (personally) drove me crazy! Matthew Vaughn and Jane Goldman have definitely traded in quality forquantity with all the big locations and big fight scenes but while thefirst film was semi-grounded in reality, this film is seriouslybordering on the sci-fi element with: robot dogs, human flesh burgers,butterfly hallucinations, a blue vein disease and giant stacked-uptowers of prison cages! It's quite frankly ridiculous but unfortunatelythe problems don't end there! The dialogue is pathetic and immature and really drags the film down,and the characters! Julianne Moore's villainess Poppy is a pathetic and rather sad joke!She's completely 2 dimensional and like Channing Tatum or Halle Berry'scharacters feels like she's just there to look good, she offers almostno presence to speak of and unlike Samuel L Jackson's villain has noreason for her actions and just convolutes the film even further. The only other villain to speak of is the chain-fisted Charlie (yes,that is his name!). Resurrected all the way from Kingsman 1, it feelslike this was done in a last-bit attempt to give us an ACTUAL villain! Not bad performances by Taron Egerton and Colin Firth but they areSERIOUSLY let down by the script. Pedro Pascal offers a enjoyable performance as the gun-twirling, lassowiping, Statseman agent Whiskey, but his back story is completely madeway for yet more forgettable plot. Mark Strong provides a fairly enjoyable performance as Merlin, butbecause of the dreadful script, you end up not really caring when hedies! Not bad fight scenes but the sci-fi element ruins them and turns theminto a joke: the robot dogs and death-causing paint bomb. Another big problem in this film is the smut and filth! There is ascene in this film which one would expect to be in a cheap porno andwhile some might find it funny, I found that it made a already lousyfilm even worse! All these elements, characters and scenes stuffed the film tobursting-point and kept it that way! CONVOLUTED is the word! There were a few slightly enjoyable twists, SLIGHTLY, but these stilldid little to revive the dead carcass of Kingsman: the Golden Circle! Love the first one and loathe the second!