Paul Bois writes:Most of Hollywood has yet to understand that pushing leftism in theirfilms and bashing half the audience doesn't exactly equal good ticketsales. Key word: Most. At least one Hollywood player, director MathewVaughn of Kingsman 2, has gotten the message.In an interview with EW, Vaughn explained that consideration for hisaudience led him to edit out several anti-Trump references in theblockbuster hit because he knew that people would not be pleased.Apparently the shady CEO, played by Julianne Moore in the film, had afew lines about wanting to host NBC's The Apprentice that were thendeleted to keep the partisanship out."We actually took out The Apprentice line," said Vaughn, "because wefelt it was too close to the bone. I think America's going through apretty interesting and rough ride at the moment and I wanted this movieto be escapism. And that means not suddenly have half the audiencegoing, 'That's not cool, that's not funny!' as the other half ischeering."Another Trump dig was decorating a White House set in his signaturegold and gaudy taste, which also did not make the final cut."We were building a White House Oval Office in the style of TrumpTower. We were making it in all gold and blinging it up. This was inMay of 2016 and then I had an inkling. I remember saying to my Americanproduction designer, 'Trump might win, you know? Would this be as funnyif Trump won?' And he was like, 'Trump will never win.' And I said,'You know what, I have a weird feeling he might. So let's build anormal Oval Office and scrap the Trump version.'"Looking back, Vaughn knows he made the right decision, because "if yougo too far ? if movies get political when they're meant to be fun ?then it weighs everything down a bit too much."It only took a summer's worth of box office flops, poor ratings at theOscars and Emmys, and the public's all-around disdain with Hollywood torealize the obvious: insulting customers just drives them away.Good for Vaughn for letting reason get in the way of partisanship foronce.