Like many others I'm sure, I went into Kingsman 2 apprehensively.As amassive fan of the first I was concerned that like many other sequels,it would disappoint.I left entertained and pleasantly surprised HOWEVERit is not without its flaws .The story briefly- Eggsy (a brilliant again Taron Egerton)and Merlinhave to team up with the American Kingsman 'The Statesmen' to get tothe bottom of a virus being spread by Poppy, our films 'bad guy' playedby a wonderfully evil Julianne Moore. There are some twists and turnsalong the way (the trailers already spoil the surprise return of HarryHart but I will not give details of how this happens)some of which youwont expect (others are pretty obvious but more on that in a minute!)What I liked- For me it was great to revisit loved characters from thefirst and there are some interesting new characters. It is a fun filmthat is very reflective of the fact it is comic book material.Itentertains with some great OTT action sequences and some real laugh outloud moments.The acting is strong and this helps to carry the storywhich somewhat engages. What will surprise many (as it did me) is theemotion to the film. It delivers some real emotionally charged momentsand one scene delivers a particularly powerful gut punch.Where it does fall down-as already mentioned the story isn't thestrongest and at points falls apart from too many players and someobvious plot twists.This creates a longer run time than the film cancarry so it does lag at points. A good 20 minutes shorter would havemade for a higher rating from myself. The action scenes whilst greatalso are very apparently CGI heavy which might bother some. It alsodoes that cheeky thing of selling on some certain big stars whichwhilst this wasn't a particular draw for me, it might disappoint someto find they are actually only in the film for a few short scenes(those who see it will get exactly who I am talking about!!) To me itis comparable to Guardians of the Galaxy 2- some great moments thatmake you glad you decided to return, but it doesn't quite deliver onthe story. That being said I would still recommend Kingsman 2 and wouldrevisit this film again in the future as well as hope for a furtherinstallment.