The original KINGSMAN: THE SECRET SERVICE came as quite the surprise tome. I'd heard very little about it and other than Colin Firth beinginvolved and a decent looking trailer I wasn't all that excited aboutit. Upon the credits rolling I remember instantly looking up who thedirector was eager to watch more of his films? A sign of a very goodfilm.Matthew Vaughn worked very closely with Guy Richie back in the latenighties and early 2000s, acting as producer on both Lock Stock &Snatch ? both of which are rated incredibly highly on my favoritemovies of all?time list. The style and comedy of these films shinesthrough in Vaughn's directorial debut Layer Cake back in 2004 and ismost certainly still present in his latest little collection of films:THE KINGSMAN. It's this style that makes them so damn enjoyable, nottaking itself too seriously and focusing on clever dialogue, fast andinteresting action scenes and edited together in a sharp, energeticpackage with England as its backbone.Kingsman: The Golden Circle once again focuses on Eggs Unwin, played byTaron Egerton. The London 'chav' turned privately owned secret servicegentleman. New villain Poppy Adams (Julianne Moore), is the head of theworld's largest drug cartel posing as a pharmaceutical company,broadcasts a message telling the world about a toxin she laced withinevery recreational drug available, which causes? blah blah bladdieblah?.. Honestly the story is nonsense, this is all about theexplosions, fights scenes and laughs on the journey to beating the bigbad lady and that's it. If you're here for the story this isn't goingto blow you away. Poppy's full motivations aren't made particularlyclear at any point throughout the film and the story feels very much acopy and paste from the previous Kingsman outing. Julianne Moore alsostruggles to fill that gap left by the incredible performance of SamuelL. Jackson. This wouldn't be such a big issue if they weren't playingan almost identical role.As I've just mentioned the plot is rather weak, in fact the story evenargues with itself at times. It"ll come as no surprise that thedirector who worked closely with Guy Richie doesn't have any problemswith drugs (their filmography features many films with a lot of drugreferences) and the film occasionally takes time out from theexplosions to explain how drugs aren't all that bad (much better foryou than sugar would you believe! ? thanks for that fact Matthew) butthen later on uses the negative side of drugs as a motive for one ofthe characters and a few other rather jarring events that I won't ruin.It was a brave choice to deal with the war on drugs, however the themoral and social question is raised by the film and then it simply justsits on the fence. These conflicting messages ultimately left mescratching my head wondering what Vaughn was actually trying to say tome.Other than Poppy's evil plan being a little too familiar to itspredecessors it does feature some incredibly creative moments. Afteropening with an adrenaline fueled race through the streets of Londonthe films pace pulses nicely, featuring quick witted character scenes,hilarious cameos and some great action scenes; most notably the gunfight in the snow and the recreation of Colin Firth's "Manners MakethMan" bar fight. Unfortunately none of them are as memorable or as funas that famous church sequence from the original.Taron Egerton gives another fantastic performance as Eggs anddemonstrates just how strong he is as an actor, especially in someparticularly touching scenes. Mark Strong returns as his tech man andthe chemistry between the two is top?class. The cast also includes thereturn of some familiar faces from the first film which was a welcomedsurprise and of course the return of Colin Firth, although the impactis somewhat weakened by the fact he was featured on all the promotionalmaterial for the film. Sadly Kingsman 2 does tease us with some bigstars who essentially do very little; Channing Tatum who featuresheavily on its advertising is barely in it and others are criminallyunderutilized. These actors weren't necessarily a draw for me to thisfilm but for others this may prove to be a bigger complaint.The action scenes are undoubtedly the films main attraction and Vaughnhas this fantastic ability to pull you right into the middle of thefight. You'll find your eyes locked open in amazement as the camerasweeps around legs and over stools all the while guys are gettingwhipped and throttled. Freeze framing in the most painful moments soyou can appreciate the sheer terror and violence of the moment.The choreography of the fight scenes are also some of the best inHollywood and the creativeness of some of these moments had me grinningfrom ear to ear. Even when the action finds itself compressed into tinyspaces (such as the back of a cab) the fight remains inventive andenergetic. These very moments made the film for me and they still standout as being some of the best action sequences I've witnessed since,well? the first movie.Kingsman: The Golden Circle can simply be summed up as more of thesame. It's weak plot and lack of any real character arc means it fallsshort of the original by some distance but it's unrelenting supply ofenergy and fun is impossible to resist. It's loud, dirty and far fromgentlemanlike.If you enjoyed this review be sure to check outwww.popcornography.co.uk for more reviews/news and movie relatednonsense.