This is not a good movie. The first one was surprisingly fun spoof ofspy movies with over the top characters, nice world building and coolaction scenes. The sequel sucks though and here's why: 1) Alien2/3/4 syndrome - you establish the characters in one movie(Aliens), you dedicate most of the time to flesh them out and then youkill them at the very beginning of the next movie (Alien 3). Oralternatively, you bring back beloved characters with the power of somegoofily explained pseudo science technobabble (Alien 4). There's 3MAJOR characters biting the dust / being in a coma and 2 charactersthat are literally brought back from the dead, what... And screw thehumans, what did poor JB do to suffer his fate? :( 2) The Villain and The Evil Plan - first movie had an awesome over thetop villain with clear plan and interesting character. In this moviethe motivation was so lame that I just checked out. Juliane Moore triedher best to match the awesomness of Richmond Valentine, but she justhad nothing to work with. Frankly, I'd have more fun seeing her succeedthan seeing the movie end like it did. Script and screenplay in thismovie is ass 3)) Action Scenes - carefully choreographed fast action scenes from thefirst movie are replaced by bubbly mangled mess of CGI, seizureinducing camera-work and ultra fast editing. I didn't know what's goingon and frankly I didn't care. There's a lot of corpses left behind,bodycount is high but you are totally numb watching it, because it justlooks artificial, boring and messy 4) profanity/R rated stuff - don't get me wrong, I love some Scorseseor Tarantino swearfest, I love gore, guts and blood in movies. But itwas way too much in this movie even for me. Every second word in anyconversation is an F word and I'll tell you a secret - if you use itall the time, it loses its effectivness. I was constantly wondering whydoes Eggzy suddenly sound like some angry bum, I thought that 'mannersmaketh man'. Apparently this motto is dated, because the new meta isdropping F bombs every second word that comes out of Kingsman's mouth.Other than that, what was the point of that fingering scene? It's notinnovative, disgusting or disturbing, so why is it in the movie? 5) Useless Characters - remember that anal Swedish princess from thefirst movie? She plays a major role now, why? Halle Berry's character -totally useless. Chaning Tatum - useless. What's the point of thosepeople being in the movie?6) Cameo - imagine a famous musician and his role being dropping abouta thousand F bombs (he doesn't say much more than that btw, he justswears a lot). What were they thinking... 7) Flaccid humour - there's a bunch of jokes and stuff, but most of itis just vulgar, lowest common denominator cringeworthy junk.Overall, this movie is just boring, badly made and WAY too long.Disappointing mess. 3/10