The first Kingsman movie, The Secret Service, was fantastic fun andbecame a huge hit, so expectations were high for the sequel to deliverthe same as before, directed by Matthew Vaughn (Layer Cake, Kick-Ass,X-Men: First Class). Basically a year has passed since Gary "Eggsy"Unwin (Taron Egerton) joined secret international intelligence serviceorganisation Kingsman, and saved the world Richmond Valentine'sneurological wave broadcast. Eggsy has now taken the title of Gallahad,that of his late mentor Harry Hart (Colin Firth), and he lies with hisgirlfriend Crown Princess Tilde of Sweden (Hanna Alström). On his wayhome, Eggsy is ambushed by a group of henchmen, led by former Kingsmantrainee Charles "Charlie" Hesketh (Edward Holcroft), who lost his armand vocal chords during the Valentine incident, Eggsy escapes after acar chase across London. But Charlie's severed cybernetic arm hacksinto the Kingsman servers through the car's computer system, and whileEggsy is in Sweden, a simultaneous discharge of missiles destroy theKingsman headquarters, wiping out all agents in Britain. Eggsy andMerlin (Mark Strong) are the only surviving agents, they follow theDoomsday protocol, which leads them to their American counterpart, theStatesman, a secret American organisation posing as a Bourbon whiskeydistillery in Kentucky. There Eggsy and Merlin are shocked to discoverthat Harry is alive, following Valentine's gunshot a year earlier theStatesman used their advanced technology to revive him, but aconsequence is that he is suffering amnesia. Eggsy and Merlin then meetStatesman head Champagne, or "Champ" (Jeff Bridges), they are briefedabout a secret terrorist organisation called The Golden Circle, whichunknown to them is run by Poppy Adams (Julianne Moore), head of theworld's largest drug cartel. They begin their mission by followingCharlie's ex- girlfriend Clara Von Gluckfberg (Poppy Delevingne), butStatesman agent Tequila (Channing Tatum) develops blue rashes, he isreplaced by agent Jack Daniels aka "Whiskey" (Pedro Pascal) as Eggsy'spartner. At the Glastonbury Festival, Eggsy manages to plant a trackingdevice into Clara, but his method puts a strain of his relationshipwith Princess Tilde, but he does manage to cure Harry's amnesia,triggering his memories by threatening to shoot a dog, resemblingHarry's late dog, Mr. Pickles. Poppy Adams broadcasts a message tellingthe world about a toxin she has laced within every recreational drugavailable, it causes its users to develop a blue rash, then progressesto mania, then to paralysis, and ultimately death. Poppy demonstratesthe antidote on her captive, singer Sir Elton John (himself), andoffers it to be distributed globally, only if the President of theUnited States (Bruce Greenwood) legalises all drug use, ending the Waron Drugs, and offering her organisation immunity. The President decidesthe best course of action is to have every affected user quarantined,including Fox, the Chief of Staff (Emily Watson). Eggsy, Harry andWhiskey head to Italy, they intercepted a call by Charlie to Clara topinpoint the location of the antidote factory, Eggsy manages to stealan antidote sample, by an ambush by the Golden Circle's henchmen causeit to be broken. Harry suspects Whiskey is playing both sides, heshoots him in the head, but Eggsy uses the same Statesman alpha-gelthat revived Harry to save his life, Eggsy realises Princess Tilde isaffected by the deadly drug, seeing her in a state of mania, thenbecoming paralysed. Eggsy, Harry and Merlin discover Poppy's hideout is"Poppy Land", a rural jungle area in Cambodia, made to look like asmall 1950's style community, they travel there to steal the remotecontrol that will release the drones containing antidote samples.Arriving in Poppy Land, Eggsy steps on a land mine, but Merlin saveshim, he sacrifices himself, taking the lair's guards with him, Eggsyand Harry storm through the lair, Eggsy kills Charlie in a brawl, wholeHarry destroys Poppy's robotic attack dogs Bennie and Jet, with thehelp of Elton. They secure the briefcase with the access code to thedrones, Poppy is injected with a more potent dose of her toxin, so shewill reveal the password, she does so before succumbing to an overdose.Before they can activate the drones, Whiskey shows up to stop them, hementions losing his pregnant wife in a crossfire between two drugusers, it is revealed he is working alone to eliminate all drug users,Eggsy and Harry battle Whiskey and kill him, shoving him in a mincer.The antidote drones are released, millions of lives are saved acrossthe world, the Chief of Staff has the President impeached forconspiring to commit genocide, Champ announces Statesman has acquired adistillery in Scotland to help rebuild Kingsman. In the end, Statesmantech support Ginger Ale (Halle Berry) steps in to take the title ofWhiskey, after Eggsy and Harry decline, Eggsy marries Princess Tilde,and Tequila moves to London to work for Kingsman. Also starring SophieCookson as Roxy, Samantha Womack as Michelle, Lena Endre as The Queenof Sweden, This Is England's Thomas Turgoose as Liam, Sir MichaelGambon as Arthur and Keith Allen as Charles. Egerton is still likableas the teenage tearaway turned super spy, Firth makes a welcome returnas his pithy mentor, Moore relishes being the smiley but menacingvillain, and there is great support from supporting cast membersBridges, Berry, Strong and a stand-out from rock and roll royaltyElton. It has got mixed reviews from critics, it does slow down inmoments with flimsy narrative, but the fast-paced fight sequences,over-the-top violence, witty and funny script, and special effectsladened gadgetry more than makes up for it, a worthwhile spy actionadventure. Good!