Eggsy (Taron Egerton) is back in action for the ultra-secret Kingsmanin the new film "Kingsman: The Golden Cirlce". The film opens with afantastic action and chase sequence through the London streets andshows a franticly paced mix of action and humor.The film then shifts into setup mode and the next hour or so is verylight on action and instead focuses on Eggsy and Merlin (Mark Strong),dealing with a devastating attack on the Kingsman from a drug dealercalled Poppy (Julianne Moore), who runs her empire with a ruthless andmanic style from a 50s themed lair complete with robotic guards and aretro diner and theater.Poppy runs an organization called The Golden Circle and she hasunleashed a devastating plague on the world in an attempt to force theU.S. President to legalize all drugs which would allow her unlimitedpower and money to further her global agenda.With their ranks depleted, Eggsy and Merlin head to the states toenlist the help if their U.S. counterparts, the Statesman who while atfirst reluctant, soon accept the two into their confidence and plan amission to end the threat Poppy presents once and for all. Of coursecomplications arise for Eggsy such as his girlfriend and her parents aswell as the revelation that Harry (Colin Firth) is alive but sufferingamnesia and thus having no memory of his past life and skills in theservice of the Kingsman.One would think that with this setup and cast including the arrivals ofChanning Tatum, Jeff Bridges, and Halle Berry, the film would be a slamdunk to surpass the original. Sadly this is not the case.Writer/Director Matthew Vaughn has opted for a film that has a verylarge gap of it related to setup and exposition. The film opens andconcludes with a nice action sequence, but there is really not much inbetween to get the adrenaline rush going. The original film had thefantastic church sequence that became one of the most talked aboutmoments of the film and sadly the sequel offers nothing nearly asmemorable. The other issue is that the villain is not nearly asmemorable nor interesting as Samuel L. Jackson was to say nothing ofhis sword footed henchman from the original.There are some amusing moments in the film but It seems that the newcast was not used to their full potential and that the large gaps ofthe film that lacked any action was a real setback especially with howwell the film opened.In the end the film is an enjoyable but flawed effort that fails tolive up to the original but does manage to offer some decententertainment for those who set realistic expectations.