Kingsman golden circle is a hot steaming pile of pandering nonsense.The plot is all over the place, characters are stilted whilst othersare not utilised properly. The music is terrible, the camera workpassable and the whole feel of this movie is BLEH. A far cry from thefirst one and has none of the charm or wit. The plot revolves around this woman who wants to make drugs that killpeople and bribes the president with an antidote in return for fame.The president is an evil man who gets impeached and replaced with a"strong, truthful" woman who is his vice president (VP). This isstrongly prevalent during the film and is obviously a poor analogy forthe Donald Trump situation at the moment. The fact that the VP looks like Hillary Clinton as well is majorlypandering to the audience and this part of the plot is so rammed downour gobs that we choke on this pretentiousness. It adds nothing to themovie and is just a sad attempt at getting political in what was meantto be a goofy, fun spy movie.The rest of the plot is disjointed at best with Colin Firths charactergetting a downturn. In the first film he was a master spy with greatreflexes and a charm that left us all rooting for him. In this film heis such a wimp that he needs help from Elton John (of all people!!?) tokill a robot dog. Even his "manners maketh man" scene is done again forno reason. In the first that fight made sense and had a point to theplot. In this the fight happens for no reason other than the studiowanted to rehash it. The villain in this film is poor as she has no real personality and isso dull. She also spends all of her time in a 50s diner and neverleaves. Not even when she knows the Kingsmen are coming for her doesshe run out or try to escape. She is so removed from valentine who wasa great goofy villain. In fact she is so boring that I even forget whatshe is called and I saw the movie 1 hour ago?.That is how forgettableshe is!The Swedish woman, who was barely in the first film, is very prevalentin this one for some reason?? I thought she was just in the first onefor comic relief and so Eggsy could fuc* her in the a*s. I don't knowwhy they killed off Lancelot (Roxy) and kept the Swedish woman in thefilm. Roxy was very prevalent in the first one and she gets killed offin this for no real reason and it's such a lacklustre, boring death aswell that leads me to believe that she wasn't really important in thefirst film after all. The statesmen are a really stupid idea. They all have southern accentsand wear denim jackets and cowboy hats. I don't know if the writershave actually been to the US but that is not how all Americans act anddress. You don't see the Kingsmen pandering to English stereotypes likedrinking Tea all the time and having fish and chips. So why then do weget this from the statesmen? It seems too stereotypical and just a dumbthing to throw into a plot.Channing Tatum got a huge portion of trailer time however he is hardlyin the film at all. He has one 30 second fight scene and that's it. Ithink he was just put in so women who get wet at Channing Tatum andwill go see it. Sorry girls but he ain't in it?.but the sexy Mexicanguy from Narcos is?..Not Pablo Escobar! the other one.To cap it all off the technical parts are terrible, especially themusic. First that dam "country road" song by John Denver plays in thisfilm which is becoming a standard for films in 2017. It was used inAlien Covenant AND Logan Lucky AS WELL AS this film. Maybe that's amark if a film is sh*t now. If country road is playing you know thefilm is garbage! All the action scenes for the last half of the moviehave country songs in the background which just takes away so much fromthe scenes that you feel bored watching them. The good stuff is few and far between. The taxi chase at the start isgreat and sets the movie off well and the camera angles and shots arecompetent. Mark Strong is okay and is trying his best with what he isgiven. The comedy is okay in bits but is let down by all the rubbishand painfully unfunny Elton John scenes which kill the comedy dead. All in all this has been a rubbish sequel to a great first movie. Iliked the first one and was going to give this one a chance however somany things fell short. The characters were boring and in Harry's casewere turned into wimps. The Statesmen where caricatures of what peoplethink Americans look and act like and to cap it all off the politicalpandering this film does if just so BLEH!I hate Donald Trump as much as everyone but having an analogy in a funspy movie about his politics is completely boring and takes the heartaway from this film series. The main thing this film is missing is thefun and goofiness the first had and it is just sad to watch if I'mhonest.