"My name is Poppy Adams, CEO of the Golden Circle. We engage in anaggressive business strategy, invest in the latest technology and takestrict, disciplinary action. . . .Our world leaders have let us alldown, so we are coming out of the shadows and taking over."Poppy(Julianne Moore) This installment of the Kingsman spy spoof, Kingsman: The Golden Circleis absurd beyond even prevailing satires of the spy genre. It is rifewith the usual outrageous car chases and equipment, no doubt homage tothe much less mechanically-intricate James Bond series. Yet, somethingelse is afoot in this delightful comedy, something that makes a messagewhere one usually never exists, say in Jason Bourne or Bond for thatmatter.The odd turn of the screw is the denigration of drugs and the rapaciouspharmaceutical industry. I know I have your interest, but I may notdisclose too much, given that a fluffy film like this trades mostly onsurface charms and enhanced CGI. Ultimately, the set pieces and wackycharacters come together like a tight Savile Row suit.Poppy's mega company controls world-wide drugs and forces the presidentof the US to sign legislation that would legalize drugs so the pharmscould expand markets. It's almost counter intuitive to our usual notionthat drugs must be busted except for medicinal purposes.Along the way millions of users have been infected by Poppy's GoldenCircle so that her industry can provide the antidote as soon as thepresident orders the legalization. Splendid that the film shows theeffects of addiction, to such an extent of physical and mentalbreakdown that a message may go forth to the young audience about thesuffering of abuse.Meanwhile Brit agents Harry (Colin Firth) and Eggsy (Taron Egerton)confront US booze company Statesman, a cover for spy work itself, andeventually both move on Poppy. Along the way are small roles by HalleBerry, Jeff Bridges, Channing Tatum, and lo and behold, Elton John (Youhave to see him to believe him, though maybe not so much . . .).(Also, a tacky moment of placing a tracking device in a babe'sunderpants is just too far with the odd. Director Matthew Vaughan andwriters stretched here and lost.) In a light hearted and funny satire,those cameos are welcome amid the tropes, loud music, and absurdity.The cooperation of the Brit and US agencies with one of the locations,a Bondian Swiss Alps ski resort, is a stew of laughs and gimmicks, Justas James Bond would approve.Now, successful director Matthew Vaughan should work on reducing theover two hour time. Under two does it better.