As a huge, huge fan of the first movie, its pains me to say, this filmis a complete and utter mess. Its just all wrong. Its hard to believethis movie was made by the same people. Right from the outset its clearthe story is really bad, its incoherent, childish and nonsensical. Ithought to myself, 'Ok its a bad start, it will pick up, keep thefaith!'. But it doesn't! It just bumbles along from the wildlyunbelievable bad guy/lady (Julianne Moore), to the ridiculous premiseof the movie, awful plot lines and script. It felt like the cast didn'teven believe in the movie. Especially Colin Firth, he had a look on hisface through the whole film like he new it was a flop. The plot linearound his character was really awful. Like something a 5 year oldchild would dream up.The overall vibe of the movie is really hammy. They have gone completeslapstick which is a real shame. There are a couple of moments ofhumour and wit, but by god this is not a funny movie. It really isn't!All the attempts at humour fall way short. It all feels forced anddesperate. The writers clearly ran out of ideas in a big way. Thismovie reminded me of Zoolander 2, a shambles that I wanted to walk outon.I knew the movie was 2hrs 20mins long. At a point in the movie it feltlike the plot was wrapping up and it would all be over soon. I lookedat my watch and realised we were only 1hr 20mins in. I thought tomyself 'my word there is one whole hour left!'. I felt sad and like thenext hour was going to be real hard work, which is a real shame. Ileaned into my girlfriend and told her 'There is one more hour of thismovie left!'. I wish I had taken a photo of her expression, it wouldspeak a 1000 words. Needles to say it was a look of shock anddeflation. She said to me 'Oh god really?'. Unfortunately the movie wasso bad we were both crestfallen knowing we had another whole hour togo.The first movie was very funny, stylish, silly, witty and slick. The2nd movie is none of those things. It feels like a very bad slapstickmovie based on the James Bond premise. Its hard to believe they got itso wrong.This movie has a current rating on here of 7.3 stars. I have no idea onearth how it is getting that score. I can only assume the vast majorityof people leaving reviews are 13 year old boys.