The Golden Circle picks up quite some time after the events of thefirst movie, introducing a new villain who's equally as bizarre andquirky, as well as bringing back a couple of characters previouslythought dead or were little more than afterthoughts. The most pleasantsurprise of these was the return of Tilde, the Swedish princess whofreely delivers on her kinky promise at the end of the first movie. Indirect opposition to the Bond ethos of our spy being a womaniser whosleeps around, Eggsy is instead committed and sappy. Furthermore hisspy lifestyle hasn't taken him away from his chavy friends either (aSwedish princess getting drunk with a bunch of chavs is a hilariousthought all by itself).The Golden Circle's biggest sin is that it throws so many potentiallyinteresting ideas and characters at you, but never capitalises on it.Roxy is gone before she gets to serve any purpose, Channing Tatum'sTequila is introduced before being benched midway through, Poppy'sruthlessness and lack of empathy opens up to some dark moments, butends up being a bit of a fake-out as she doesn't actually pose all thatmuch of a threat, and the Statesmen are largely forgotten about savefor Pedro Pascal's Whisky and the explaining away of Harry's return(who incidentally is also another waste of a character, although thefinal fight scene with him and Eggsy is fantastic).For the most part every action scene in Kingsman feels a little likethey're trying to top the church scene in the first movie, which worksso well because it's so brutal, surprising, and in-your-face. Of coursebecause every fight scene in Golden Circle is a stylised faux-longshot,they all lose that impact, but I can't deny how overwhelminglyenjoyable this action sequences are. The opening fight inside a Londoncab is brought to life by the camera's movements left and right,following the punches and the general movements of the characters asthey scramble at each other. There's a fluidity to these scenes thatgives Golden Circle it's own stamp in the action genre. Heavy use ofCGI enables the action to go in whichever direction you could possiblyimagine, from surfing on a car door to jumping into the boot andclosing it in one seamless movement just in time before a car smashesinto the back of it.On which note I have to talk about another little niggle, which is theCGI. There is a hell of a lot of it, so if you're one of those moviesnobs who hates CGI just because it's "not real", Golden Circle is notfor you. Go watch Detroit instead. I like CGI, I think it can add a lotof style to scenes, which is important for a movie as stylish asKingsman, but maybe the CGI in Golden Circle is a little overused.There's quite a lot of stunts that could've been done for real to makeit all look a bit more believable (which for something as silly andover-the-top as Kingsman is crucial), but instead they opted to CGI itinstead. This would be fine if the CGI was really good quality and youcould barely tell it was done on a computer, but this is not the casein Golden Circle. And to be honest it wasn't the case in the firstKingsman either. That movie had some truly terrible CGI as well.The humour is another element of Golden Circle that got carried overfrom the first film perfectly. It's just as genuinely hilarious, justas darkly comic, and just as risqué and in-part cringey. Sometimes thehumour is obvious and garners a lot of laughs (like an old man praisinghis most recent opening of bowels), while some of it is a subtlewink-wink (like Elton John promising a backstage pass). Actually on thenote of Elton John, he steals the whole movie. Sure he's almost purelyplayed for laughs, but every scene I remember vividly is because of himand his involvement. The image of him giving someone a jump-kick to theface while dressed as a rainbow-coloured Big Bird is almost worthy ofbeing framed, just for the pure hilarity of it.Golden Circle is a flawed movie. A lot of things don't make sense, evenin the film's own twisted version of sense. Why are the Kingsmen wipedout? No idea. Why weren't Statesmen also wiped out? No idea. How didthey find Poppyland? No idea. These things and a number of charactersserve no purpose but are included in the movie anyway because reasons.Ignoring all that though, it's still probably the most fun I've had atthe cinema in a while. It's over- the-top, high octane action sequencesare impossible to bore, and the humour is so on-point in it's owndarkly comedic way that you can't help but laugh. I give Golden Circlea high 6/10, bordering on a 7. Not as good as the first, but it's equalin every aspect it matters.