Kingsman: The Golden Circle brings back all your favourite charactersfrom the original and brings many fresh new characters to theforefront. I must give the movie some credit here, the idea of theStatesmen could have been really hokey but as the movie goes on, youbecome more interested in the Statesmen agency and the major playerswithin it. They give some added dimension to some unexpected returneesfrom the first entry (although the subject matter of their relationshipwas a little iffy, I was pleasantly surprised they brought backPrincess Tilde in such a large role) and Eggsy hasn't changed too muchfrom where it counts. There's one glaring exception to my praisethough, they bring back one of the biggest and best characters from theoriginal and I think they really fumbled the ball. It was sodisappointing to the point where I almost regretted his inclusion inthis sequel.With a good chunk of this movie taking place in the U.S.A and thejungle, they also introduce some engaging set-pieces and locations. Ididn't get the reasoning behind Poppyland completely but it looked cooland added something distinctive. The Statesmen headquarters was alittle hit or miss but it was also better than expected. Most of theCGI and visual effects in the movie are largely well done and they helpsell some of the more outlandish bits.The best part of this movie is that the excellent action scenes fromThe Secret Service carry over. There's nothing to match the church/FreeBird set piece (which despite controversial subject matter is one ofthe best action scenes I've ever seen) but there are many smallerscenes that carry that same flavour. They don't waste any time droppingyou into it either, 5 minutes into the movie and you're getting a neatcar chase/fight sequence. So, while I can't say it topped The SecretService, they continue their great action work with very little declinein quality.Taron Egerton came out of nowhere to capably carry the Kingsmanfranchise. Another positive thing I can say is that this follow upshows that his leading man chops from the first one wasn't a fluke. Heis this character and he's earned the right to continue playing it.Mark Strong returns as Merlin, he was an underrated part of the firstone and he's solid again here. It was nice to see Edward Holcroft againas Charlie but I was disappointed that Sophie Cookson had such a smallroll. Channing Tatum slips into his character Tequila nicely but themovie didn't advertise his role properly. The surprise MVP is PedroPascal as Whiskey. He nails his part and he steals almost every scenehe's in. They didn't give Halle Berry or Jeff Bridges much to do asGinger Ale and Champagne respectively. I think Julianne Moore was aninspired choice as Poppy and she does a good job but she's let down byhow her character is written. She's just not given as much to work withas Samuel L. Jackson was. To avoid spoilers, I'm not going to touch onthe surprise return of a certain character or the big celebrity cameo.The most common complaint I've heard from fans of the first movie isthat this movie is just a retread of the original. You can seeparallels but I wouldn't agree with that assessment. I think this moviesuffers from the next problem most sequels face. They feel the need togo bigger, to outdo themselves and to ratchet up almost every facet.There were plenty of good ideas and aspects worth praising in TheGolden Circle but the movie also felt needlessly goofy. Eggsy was asemi-realistic character in the first one, he was a good kid in a toughneighbourhood that was in an even tougher situation. His rags-to-richesstory was very heartfelt and it kept the movie grounded. He's turnedinto James Bond in this and his problems (minus The Kingsman Agencyblowing up) seem much more conventional and less threatening. The rulesand lore surrounding the Statesmen aren't well defined and they'reimportance/effectiveness seems to wildly fluctuate. Poppy isn't moreover-the-top than Valentine but she seems to be way too playful andit's hard to take her seriously. The movie wants to say something aboutthe war on drugs but the message feels vague and at the same time veryheavy handed. These are just a few examples of the inconsistent natureof the movie and while there's the requisite action and comedy, thisone leans into the absurd humour to the point where it detracts fromitself.I unabashedly love Kingsman: The Secret Service. I thought it was sospecial the first time I saw it and it has gotten better upon repeatedviewings. It payed homage to the classic spy movies but delivered anunconventional and fresh viewing experience. I would rank it among thebest movies I've seen not only in 2014 but of this decade. But I waswilling to spot this movie as many points as I could, I wanted this tobe the next great entry in this franchise. Critics have been harsh onThe Golden Circle but if you enjoy the first Kingsman, a lot of thesuccessful elements in that movie are brought back. You still have thethrilling action and although I didn't like choices they made with thecharacters, the creative team introduces plenty of new things and theyexpand upon the world. The Golden Circle is absolutely worth seeing andI think most people will get a kick out of it. I just couldn't helpleaving the theatre a little disappointed, Secret Service was soawe-inspiring for me in many ways and this won't have the same stayingpower. I would give this a 7.5/10 rounding up to an 8/10.