Kingsman: The Secret Service is one of the surprise hit of 2015. It'sunexpectedly good, with great humor, acting, action, and chemistry withother actors. So when director Matthew Vaughn decides to do afollow-up, I was pretty excited to see Eggsy and co. kicking ass onceagain. Being dubbed as a "proper" spy movie, the movie has since builda lot of excitement, but does it lived up to the hype?The answer, is a simple no.Kingsman: The Golden Circle is indeed enjoyable, but it has plenty offlaws that makes the movie fail to deliver it's promise as a "proper"spy movie.To start, everyone did very well in delivering their roles. TaronEgerton once again stole women's hearts as the likable Eggsy. ColinFirth returns as Harry Hart and his reintroduction is actually madesense imo, and he did a great job portraying him. Mark Strong did agreat job as Merlin. Hally Berry, Channing Tatum, Jeff Bridges, PedroPascal also did a great job, though I'll admit that Channing Tatum'scharacter is just a simple plot device. Julianne Moore as Poppy, thoughnot menacing, also did a very good job. The biggest surprise is EltonJohn. He's the "Joker" in the movie, and he did very well.The action scenes were over-the-top, sometimes idiotic, but veryenjoyable, though this brings to one of my cons. The cinematography isfantastic it's very well shot, though the action scenes has plenty ofangle cuts, and the editing was also great.But, as stated before, the flaws in the movie makes the movie fail tomeet our expectations. Most of this is because the terrible marketingcampaign, that reveals some of the twists and turns of the movie thatshould have worked (even Matthew Vaughn agrees). The CGI is mostly usedto blend several cuts into seemingly one single shot, and despite itactually worked in the first movie, it failed here because thetransition is so noticeable. The action scenes were also over-stylized, featuring more slow-fast- zoom camera-work that again, workedon the first, but failed here because it's overused. There's also a sexscene that I felt out of place, and it's most likely brings a lot ofcontroversy. A character (nope, not Tatum's) in this movie is also verybad in terms of her character because it serves nothing but motivationfor Eggsy to save the world again, and the worst part, is that thischaracter is not even a important character in the first movie, but shehas more screen time than some of the main characters from the firstmovie and even the new characters as well.(SPOILER ALERT. not really, but if you think it was, there you go)Also, the movie takes a unnecessary and questionable move by killingnot one, but TWO main characters from the first movie (three, if youinclude another memorable thing from the first movie), in which onefelt very unnecessary, and the other felt like the character has todie.Overall, the movie is entertaining, indeed. But the movie lost it'scharm, and just nowhere near as good as the first one. For casualmoviegoers, this is an enjoyable movie, but for a Kingsman fan like me,it's disappointing.Final Score: 7/10