What a bad movie, we have here. Everything about this movie sounds false, the cinematography iscompletely saturated, which at the beginning of the film, all theaction sequences look like false and consequently all the excitementand adrenaline goes down the drain. I say sewers. Sorry. After all, the main character at the beginning ofthe movie will stop at the sewers to go to see his girlfriend. Yes,that's where this movie belongs.In other words, an annoying and boring action movie, we have here.Because of that, the film changes from set piece to set piece, yet thescenes are poorly structured, the scenes are saturated, with the paceto be slow as a turtle, which makes the scenes that should be fun tosee, in empty action scenes without any impact, example each punch thata character gives to another character does not have any impact, sodoes not have emotion or excitement.Not only that, as the characters have such exaggerated action scenes,these action scenes make the action sequences of the superheroes filmstiny in comparison. Remember, they are not beings with superpowers, butsimple humans. The feeling of danger or death ends up completelydisappearing. And in the end, we end up not caring about the fate ofthe characters which are in the movie itself. Or better, the characterswho had nothing interesting to connect with the audience since thebeginning of the film. The characters are generics and poorly executedand written.If an action movie, can not produce good sequences of action, for whatpurpose this movie exists, anyway? This movie also does not convince anyone as a spy movie because thefilm is not serious enough and as a comedy movie, the elements ofcomedy are too bad to laugh, that is, the film still fails because themovie itself has no definite tone, so, is this a action movie? a comedyor a traditional spy movie? Apparently nobody knows, not even thefilmmakers themselves.Not to mention, the acting sucks too. Halle berry, should have stoppedacting since the last 10 years. Julianne Moore, why are you here? Youalso do not convince anyone in an action movie. Stay in your dramas. Ido not remember, the acting of the other actors. This movie so passableand generic. A film to avoid totally, to speak the truth.