This film received very high praise from early screenings and it wasn'thard to see why. Saoirse Ronan is a star, absolutely blowing everyoneaway in Brooklyn. Then you have Greta Gerwig, a force in a few NoahBaumbach films, with a highly anticipated directional debut. Wasincredibly hyped for this one all the way through. It feels shortbecause the film just flies by but its rather excellent. Very satisfiedwith the turnout for this one.The film is about Christine McPherson (Ronan) who has given herself thename "Lady Bird". She is a high school senior in a Catholic school whostruggles through what a typical girl of that age goes through. Shefaces the trials and tribulations of dating boys, losing her virginity,trying to be popular, feuding with her best friend and mother, andultimately trying to figure out what to do with her life. Things aretough for her and she examines her relationships with friends andfamily to ultimately come to the best decision for herself.The film sounds like a typical film plot. In many ways it is. Yeteverything about the film is done so well in the expert hands of novicefilmmaker Greta Gerwig. The dialogue is sharp, hilarious, and witty.The character development, interaction, and acting are all strong.Saoirse Ronan is at the very least sealing an Oscar nomination for bestactress and might even go on to win it. It seemed like such aneffortless performance for a girl who completely disappears into thecharacter idiosyncrasies of Lady Bird. Its a wonderful coming of agefilm that hits all the check marks and does so very effectively.I can't think of any complaints. The film feels so real andidentifiable. Its exactly what you want and is a very impressive debutfrom Gerwig. The film has a nice touch at the end and does what itneeds to do to remain funny and touching. I don't mind a good coming ofage comedy every year (Edge of Seventeen taking the cake last year). Iexpect this to be an award contender for at the very least Ronan'sperformance and Gerwigs writing and directing.8/10