Sometimes a film doesn't need to involve an elaborate plot orcharacters. Sometime a film does perfectly fine by showing regularpeople in regular situations. Lady Bird deals with a young woman, whohappens to prefer to be called Lady Bird, as she goes through hersenior year of high school, applying to colleges, and doing what girlsdo at that age. Saoirse Ronan plays Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson,who is a rebellious and eccentric young woman who wants anything butstaying home in Sacramento for life beyond high school.The film moves at a rapid pace and for a good chunk of the film youdon't really know the direction the film is taking. "So what is reallythe point?" is the question I continued to ask myself. But in reality,the answer was right in front of me. This film is about a mother and adaughter, the trials and tribulations they go through, but how theyultimately realize the love they have for each other is mutual thoughconstantly tested. And even though this film is certainly a comic ofage story, it by no means is your typical romantic coming of age whereboy meets girl or vice versa.This film is a coming of age story of a mother and daughter. Bothtremendously played by Laurie Metcalf and Saoirse Ronan respectively.What I found so compelling is that as weird as Lady Bird can be in herapproach to life, it's still written in a way that is relatable to theaverage person. In fact, I can't say that I know first hand what thatrelationship is like, being a guy, but there's something so specialabout the way these two people rip each other apart but are aware ofthe meaning of each other's presence in their lives. Writer-directorGreta Gerwig does such a beautiful job of presenting this scenario inseveral scenes throughout the film. And really, I shouldn't expectanything less from her with the particular choices she has made withacting in the last decade or so.From Gerwig's fast moving script, to the bold choices made by Metcalfand Ronan, to the strangeness of Lady Bird's character, all the way tothe heart breaking moments towards the end, Lady Bird is easily one ofmy favorite films of the year. There are a few subtle lines and scenesnear the ending that I won't forget and are some of the more powerfulthings I have seen/heard in a film this year. Major props all around. Ilove Lady Bird.9.5/10