It was difficult to give this film such a high rating but it did havecertain good qualities. The acting was good and the uniforms lookedreal. having said these good things, let me get to the list of bad:DO NOT see this movie if you are a fan of history. The historicalinaccuracies will drive you insane. Dunkirk was one of the turningpoints of the war. It was because the Brits were able to save theirarmy that Germany did not invade. Germany instead decided to turn onRussia and this eventually led to their demise. This great WWII battlewas completely underrepresented in this film. There were less than tentotal planes in the movie, 20 or less ships, and MAYBE 500 actors. Thiswas not enough. I went in expecting the same level of action as themovie Pearl Harbor, but what i saw was... something less. DO NOT see this movie if you like a story line or plot. There was noplot to this movie at all, and the events in the movie are not evenrepresented in a linear time line. DO NOT see this movie if you like to identify with characters. You willnot care much about the characters because there is very littledialogue and no way for you to learn about them. DO NOT see this movie if you are expecting action. There were only acouple "dog fights" which consisted of one plane flying behind anotherwith zero intensity.DO NOT see this movie if you have been in the military. Obviously Nolanhad nobody on set that knew anything about the military because fromthe opening sequence there were problems. For example, the movie openswith a few Brits lollygagging in an area with Germans close enough toshoot at them. It is here we see that apparently none of the Brits hadtheir weapons loaded. Also it should be noted that at no point is thereany fighting of any kind in the city of Dunkirk. They never show themen holding the line for this evacuation. There were no Germanartillery barrages. Also it needs to be said, planes would not havedropped bombs on men in the sand when there were ships and docks rightthere. They would have strafed them in the sand. Overall i cannot say how completely disappointed i was with this film.I do not think i will ever see another war film from Nolan.