So, expecting this wonderful horror movie by Peele everyone is ravingabout.About 1 hour in, I'm bored out of my mind, checking my own phone morethan Chris did in the whole movie.It is sooooooooooooo slow... And WTF is with Chris' facial expressionson so many occasions?Foreshadowing is done in a rather "in your face so you get it" manner.Nothing clever. And also, easy to miss.When the "horror" comes, it's sooooooo weak, it's not even horror. Onebit of jump-scare via a musical cue.Apart from that, it's just boringly tedious. Even when Chris escapes,you think, well that's easy. There is no tension, none.In comparison, a likewise laid out movie like Texas Chainsaw Massacreis smarter, as it gets under your skin.This one doesn't. The whole plot is explained by a short TVpresentation. There's supposed to be all kinds of clever referencestowards that but those are too vague. Foreshadowing works when you asthe viewer get an "Aha" experience. Never happened.The movie is trying too hard to be too clever, and in doing so getsahead of itself. It's trying to be a representation of black Americansbeing silenced by the white Americans. Well, it does shove that downyour throat by the extremely stark white versus black setting. The wayit tries to be clever about it is in all kinds of gimmicky, yet failingsigns, like the "in a sunken place" hypnotism being a synonym forblacks feeling powerless in America. This could have been a much, muchbetter movie if it hadn't put more emphasis on trying to be this kindof Black is Best presentation, and had been more mixed. And mixed as inracially mixed. Even Saw did this better. Get out puts the pieces likea chessboard, painfully contrasting. Had it been, for instance, a groupof young people of several races, it could have worked so much better.If Jordan Peele wanted to send out an anti-racism message, he shouldhave done it that. Not in this Black is Best fashion. A mixed group ofprotagonists triumphing over racist antagonists had been perfectlysuited for the basic theme of replacing your own aging, decrepit bodywith that of a younger one by transplanting your brain. That wholepremise would have been kept and the end result so much better. Oow,and that funny end? Too stupid to end this kind of movie that way.