Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a dark comedy that has ana-list cast with names like Frances McDormand, Woody Harrelson, SamRockwell, John Hawkes, and Peter Dinklage. It centers around MildredHayes, a woman whose daughter was raped and killed, and who believesthat the local police have not done enough about it. In reaction, sheerects three billboards outside of her town that send a message to thesheriff about the state of the investigation.Writer/director Martin McDonagh (Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges) hasoutdone himself with this one. In my opinion, if this isn't one of thetop Oscar contenders come awards season, then Hollywood has officiallylost its mind.Basically everything about this film works: from the acting, to thewriting, to the direction. Mcdormand gives the performance of hercareer here, giving us humor through all the pain clearly shown on herface. Rockwell also gives his best performance here as a cop who isn'tthat bright and is more than a little racist. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is probably the mostunpredictable film of the year, and that's coming from a year thatincludes films like Baby Driver and Logan. There are scenes where youthink that you know where the plot is going, but then midway through itcompletely flips the script. For the entire run-time of this film, I was invested. It has theperfect run-time; it ends exactly when it needs to and there is not ascene that feels out of place. It seems like one of the hardest things to do in film nowadays is tobalance comedy and drama. However, this movie does it effortlessly.Each scene has just the right amount of comedy and drama, andsometimes, despite the fact that you're laughing, it's easy to forgetthat jokes are being made.Also, the message that this film gives off resonates very powerfullywith you after the film finishes. It makes you see the good side inhumanity, despite our flaws. No character in this film is a clichéone-dimensional shell of a person. Everybody has a reason for beingthere, which is more than some films recently have offered.Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is easily one of the best andmost enjoyable films of 2017, and it will make you laugh, cry, andthink all in one sitting. There are not any clear flaws with this filmthat I can find, but I am still searching.I give Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri an A+.