-Contains Spoilers-After reading such amazing universal critical praise, my less thanstellar experience of watching Dunkirk obligated me to write my firstever review on IMDb. I am a big fan of Christopher Nolan, in many waysI think he has truly changed cinema and how we experience film. I wouldgo as far as to call him a visionary artist. This is why Dunkirk trulybaffled me.Let's think about the technical facts of the Dunkirk evacuation, it issaid over and over in the film that there are 300,000 men on the beach.We see maybe 1,000. A mass evacuation this scale took hundreds andhundreds of vessels. We see upwards of 30-40. And the Luftwaffe wasdefinitely assailing the beach, yet in the film we see a paltry 8planes. There is something missing here, it's called "scale". This filmhas a complete dearth of it. And that is a shame and blaspheme to theexperience of the true Dunkirk evacuation. Beyond the obvious factual incongruities, there are glaring narrativeholes. We have no connection to these characters, they seem cold anddistant from us. There is no character development whatsoever in thefilm. I understand that Nolan was trying to show the entire characterof the Dunkirk evacuees, but again we only saw a minuscule few hundredof what was supposed to be 300,000 so this argument is moot to me. Wedon't even get to see one Nazis either, so the "grand villain" that wasforcing the evacuation was never even on the screen!!!!The score and the sound design have been mentioned by many reviewers,and again I was so underwhelmed. There have been so many better filmsfor both scores and sound design, too many to list actually. Yes, thereis some stellar cinematographer, but we expect that from Mr. Nolan.Finally, I've heard and read "One of the best war films ever" so manytimes now. Give me a break. There are many many better war films- Ran,The Bridge on the River Kwai, Apocalypse Now, Full Metal Jacket, TheThin Red Line, and Saving Private Ryan to name just a few. I'd suggestyou rent or buy one of these instead of watching Dunkirk. I wouldn'twaste my time viewing this film again. I hope Nolan's next film is farbetter.