Can't think of a good reason to recommend this.A black guy visited his white girlfriend's family estate only todiscover the family's dark secret. What would happen? Could he survive?That premise drew me to this movie.The movie seemed suspenseful, but concluded poorly. As the dark secretunfolded, I noticed some similarities in concept between a moviereleased over 10 years ago and this one. After I finished watching thisone, I realized that a movie released over 10 years ago could wipe thefloor with this one. That movie released 10 years ago is called TheSkeleton Key.The Skeleton Key has a perfectly dark ending, whereas this movie has ahappy and funny one. Happy ending? OK. But being hilarious is a bigNono. It completely ruined the horror built up during the first 1 hourof the movie! What is the point of having the black police officercoming to Chris' rescue? What is the point of having this funnycharacter in the first place? The movie would have been 10 times betterwithout him!Instead, the ending the audience got was rushed and underwhelming. Theblack police officer out of nowhere appeared and rescued Chris. Whenasked how he had found Chris, he simply said he had relied ontransportation network to track Chris. Situation handled! Really? Howfunny.Perhaps the filmmaker ran out of ideas and didn't even know how toconclude the movie. Personally, I would have loved to see a darkending. The white police officer who appeared earlier in the moviewould arrive and arrest Chris. Rosy lying on the ground with gunshotwound in her belly would scream for help, framing Chris for murder.After all, Chris touched the gun and his fingerprints were on it. Themovie wished to express the oppression of black people in a whitesociety, right? Chris getting locked up and prosecuted would suit thetheme perfectly. Nobody would believe his story. The ending would beeven better if Rosy was rescued and set free, continuing to ensnareblack people for her cult white secret society's harvest and sacrifice.Wouldn't that have been darker, more logical and exciting?The current ending is awful. It completely ruins the story. This movieis awarded 1 star for decent acting. Recognized the lead from BlackMirror. He's really good.