I finished watching Get Out over 2 hours ago, but something has beenbothering me since the credits rolled. A sort of unpleasant, irritatedfeeling that I couldn't really put my finger on until now. My biggestcomplaint about this horror film is that it's not actually as scary asthe real life social problems it constantly hammers the viewer over thehead with. It's campy jump scares and unbelievable premise, drown outthe anti-racist message it could have had. In that way, it fails bothas a horror movie and constructive social commentary.Most quality horror movies take real life events and intensify them tocreate something terrifying but relatable. The Shining was much scarierthan my trip to Colorado. The Blair Witch Project was more intense thanmy last hike. Psycho was slightly more unnerving than my last stay at amotel.Modern racism and the history of slavery are among the most disturbingand evil aspects of the human experience and something countless peoplesuffer from daily. It is real and it is scary. So why add B-movie brainswaps and fortune-teller hypnosis? Why base the story on a cheesyfictional premise instead of something that actually happens? Why makeall but two of the characters completely one dimensional? (Keep inmind, that Chris and his friend are the only characters in the filmwith both a conscience and their original brain, all others are lackingone or the other). Why does a flashing light reverse brain transplants?Why would a racist white family, lure black men to them by using theirown daughter as a sex object? The answer to all these questions is lazywriting.If you want to create a jarring horror movie rife with socialcommentary about racism at least root it in reality. Sadly, past andpresent, there is no lack of inspiration. I get that this movie is avery heavy handed allusion to slavery, but of all the awful thingswhite people have done to black people, goofy brain swapping businessisn't one of them.I don't get why this movie has such overwhelmingly positive reviews.The cinematography and acting were good, but the plot was trite,compared to all the different directions they could have taken it. Theidea of a racially charged horror movie with a black protagonist andwhite ghouls sounds really interesting (why I wanted to see it), butGet Out just takes that idea and slaps it onto a 50's B-flick.