It's amazing how hype, a vastly overrated reputation, and a jackhammersound score can mesmerize some naive souls into believing this wretchedexercise is some kind of masterpiece of avant-garde filmmaking. IfSaving Private Ryan rates A+, Dunkirk rates a D?.The stage is set with a clumsy repetition of introductory titles(rather than briefly showing the lead-up to Dunkirk) before jumpinginto one of the main "character's" retreat to the beaches. I say"character" because, like the others, this guy is a cipher ? there isZERO characterization in this film. All are about wooden as the mastson the private yachts ? might as well be animatron mannequinspopulating a haphazard stitching of action sequences devoid of anynarrative structure (avant-garde or otherwise). Any halfwit with abudget and some CGI can stage engrossing battle scenes these days, butNolan's random montage generates no real suspense ? this is masked overwith a relentless, buzzsaw sound score designed to get your blood upand compensate for the film's glaring faults ? it doesn't, unlessyou're a Brave New World drone conditioned by the Feelies.Implausible motivation: the shell-shocked soldier rescued by theprivate yacht revolts against going to Dunkirk, actually killing one ofthe young crewmembers? and then we cut to yet another redundantSpitfire/Heinkel/Messerschmitt engagement. Back on the yacht, what hashappened? Has the mutinous soldier commandered the yacht? Are thecaptain and his son outraged by the murder? NO! There's nothing here ?no requisite emotion, no resolution to this "drama," nothing butclose-ups of deadpan faces, another problem with this turkey ? like theold 70mm epics (How the West Was Won), IMAX is not the medium forclose-ups, yet Nolan gives an over abundance of 100-meter ECUs! Andwhat little dialogue exists in the film is lame, mumbled and almostunintelligible.Perhaps worst of all is how he bungled the dramatic rescue by aflotilla of private boaters ? the core of this story. We could have hadChurchill's appeal, the humble yeomen assembling on the docks with amixture of trepidation and courage ? instead, the boats suddenly appearall at once, deus ex machina, at the beaches, with no depiction of therescue at all.I suffered through Dark Knight Rises and the 3-hour torture festInterstellar (the most "intelligent sci-fi film since 2001: SpaceOdyssey" NOT!), and I will never endure another Nolan mish-mash again!They say he began making films at age 7 ? he is still a callow,indulgent juvenile with a camera, big bucks and dismal mastery ofcinematic art. I pity the poor souls who misconstrue his efforts assome kind daring Orson Wells/Maya Derren innovation, but there's noaccounting for masochism.