The words "Christopher Nolan" and "disappointment" are not words Iwould naturally associate? but for me, they apply where "Dunkirk" isconcerned. It promised so much from the trailer: a historical event of epicproportions; Kenneth Branagh; Tom Hardy; Mark Rylance; Hans Zimmer onthe keys; the director of such classics as "The Dark Knight";"Inception" and "Interstellar" : what could go wrong? But it just doesn't work and I've spent the last 24 hours trying tounpick why.A key problem for me was the depiction of the beach itself. The filmeschews CGI effects (which I would normally commend) in favour of theuse of "practical effects" and the involvement of "thousands of extras"(as the rather glutinously positive Wiki entry declares). Unfortunatelyfor the movie, there were some 400,000 troops marooned in this lastpatch of civilisation ahead of the Nazi hoard, and all of the shotsrefuse to acknowledge this scale of potential human tragedy. Yes, thereare individual scenes of horror, such as the soldier walking into thesea against the impassive stares of the young heroes. But nothing ofscale. At times I thought I'd seen more people on the beach on awinter's day in Bournemouth.My disquiet at this deepened when we got to the sharp end of the rescueby the "small boats". In my mind (and I'm NOT quite old enough toremember this!) I imagine a sea full of them. A sight to truly meritBranagh's awed gaze. But no. They might have been "original" vessels?.but there was only about half a dozen of them. A mental vision dashed. The film attempts to tell the story from three perspectives: from theland; from the sea and from the air. The sea though gets the lion'sshare of the film, and there is much drowning that occurs that (I amaware) was distressing for some in the audience. Nolan also pushes his quirky "timeline" manipulation too far for anaudience that largely expects a linear telling of a classic tale. It'sday; it's night; the minesweeper's sailing; then sunk; then sailingagain; a Spitfire crashes, then crashes again from a differentperspective. I know many in the audience just didn't 'get' that:leaving them presumably very confused! That being said, the film is not a write off, and has its moments ofbrilliance. Kenneth Branagh ("Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit", "Valkyrie"),although having a range of Nolan's cheesy lines to say, is impressiveas the commanding officer. Mark Rylance ("Bridge of Spies", "The BFG")also shines as the captain of the "Moonstone": one of the small boatsout of Weymouth. And Tom Hardy ("The Revenant", "Legend"), althoughhaving limited opportunity to act with anything other than his eyes, isimpressive as RAF pilot Farrier. His final scene of stoic heroism ismemorable. Fionn Whitehead is also impressive in his movie debut, and even HarryStyles ("This is Us") equips himself well. The cinematography by Hoyte Van Hoytema ("Interstellar") is stunningwith some memorable shots: a burning plane on a beach being a high spotfor me.And Hans Zimmer's score is Oscar-worthy, generating enormous tensionwith a reverberating score, albeit sometimes let down by unsuitablecutaways (for example, to scenes of boat loading). Elsewhere in thesound department though I had major issues, with a decent percentage ofthe dialogue being completely inaudible in the sound mix.I really wanted this to be a "Battle of Britain". Or a "Bridge TooFar". Or even a "Saving Private Ryan". Unfortunately, for me it wasnone of these, and this goes down as one of my movie disappointments ofthe year so far.(For the full graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com.Thanks.)