I am always relatively confident that I'll enjoy the work ofChristopher Nolan based off his pretty decent track record, howeverthis gripping re-imagining of one of the darkest moments of World WarII stands as not only some of Nolan's greatest work but one of thegreatest war films I have ever experienced.Dunkirk does not necessarily tell the story of any one particularcharacter, but rather adopts the event itself as the films vehicle,resulting in an experience which uses its characters to portray theevent rather than the event to portray its characters. This ispresented through scenes taking place at different stages of theevacuation across the land, air and sea, creating a distinctive settingfor each, but culminating in the same final conclusion. This being saiddespite Dunkirk's focus not necessarily being its characters, I did notfind a single character performance in this film lacking orinconsistent with the tone or setting presented technically. Inparticular Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and debut actor Fionn Whiteheadgave especially memorable performances consistent with the strikingspectacle Nolan presents. As is expected with Christopher Nolan's films the visual presentationin Dunkirk has few rivals, the set pieces are outstanding with the useof breathtaking establishing shots to highlight the true historicalscale of the real life evacuation. Action is presented in a smoothfocused manner utilizing a few precise shots rather than an explosionof two second jump cuts we have come to expect in modern day actionmovies. There are multiple sequences which portray the pure fear,claustrophobia and disorder present in those final weeks of theevacuation and it is this ever present tension that will keep youengaged for the entirety of the run-time. However it is the sound design which truly made this production amasterpiece for me, delivering one of the most realisticrepresentations of the terrifying sounds of War. Gunfire had adistinctly different tone to other films, being delivered with sharpcrack, explosions where accompanied by a deep base and the famous'Jericho Trumpet' made by the Stuka's presence be constantly remindedand portrayed the sense of helplessness present at Dunkirk perfectly.This is only enhanced by Hans Zimmer's excellent soundtrack embeddedacross the entirety of the film. Alongside Inception, Dunkirk showcasesthe exceptional talent Nolan & Zimmer have for combining meaningfulscore with striking imagery to create a distinctive emotional responsefrom their audience. Through the skillful incorporation of an everpresenting droning base, screeching guitar strings and tickingtimepiece the continual sense of urgency and dread felt by those bothon land and sea is enforced across the entire film by this excellentsoundscape. As a result I highly recommend that should you be given thechance you experience Dunkirk for the first time on the big screen, asthe combination of a cinema screen and encapsulating surround soundwill leave you with a truly memorable experience. Even though this is a film a majority will go into undoubtedly knowingthe final conclusion, Dunkirk is an experience I highly recommendeveryone consider, presenting a defining moment of modern history inone of the most technically accomplished and memorably striking ways,Dunkirk will undoubtedly go down as a hallmark in film-making for manyyears to come.