"The best world war 2 movie to date"? Really? As a guy who have beenbrought up on ww2 movies, I had to attend the first showing. Especiallysince there were so many "best ever" headlines. So there I went.This movie is one long action sequence that stretches 106 minutes. Butif you deduct the number of times that the exact same situation isshown, but from a different camera angle at another time in the movie,it barely passes the 60 minute mark. And after Hardy shoots down hisfourth German plane, a stuka divebombs for the fifth time towards thebeach, or Branagh looks up in the sky for the 7th time, it getsrepetitive. This actually felt like one long teaser prologue to 'Battle ofBritain'. (If the rumors are true that Ridley Scott is doing his takeon Battle of Britain, all I can say is: get busy!)In 'Dunkirk' there's almost no dialogue, no conflict between any of thecharacters, no character development at all and the enemy is completelyfaceless. So this makes it a rather forgettable movie for me, unlike'Hacksaw Ridge', 'Saving Private Ryan' and many of the other greatworld war 2 movies, that show war like it is: bloody. 'Dunkirk' israted PG-13, which will sure please all the young Harry Styles fans. In retrospective: The 5-minute Dunkirk segment (all shot in one take,an available on You Tube) from the movie 'Atonement' still makes a muchlarger impression to me, than I think Nolan's first (and hopefully notlast) world war 2 movie forever will be doing.But besides that - what Nolan (and collaborator Hans Zimmer) always doreally well however is to create suspense, and there are some realnailbiting scenes in there, which make the ticket almost worth it.I left the theater disappointed, though. Expected it to leave a largerimpression. It didn't. If you would have preferred 'Titanic' to be a movie that started rightwhen the ship began sinking, 'Saving Private Ryan' to be all about theOmaha beach landing, and 'Braveheart' to be all about the battle ofSterling and Fallkirk, you don't mind cardboard characters, and youoften find yourself muttering "when do they get to the action-part?",then 'Dunkirk' is definitely for you. For people who enjoy movies foremotional context, also: be advised that you won't find it here.