I saw the film at the BAFTA screening in NYC on 18-July-2017. I wentwith some trepidation as my father was at Dunkirk (and my mother'sfirst husband was a RAF pilot who was shot down during WW2). Much to mysurprise I found the film rather boring. The vast majority of theaction is extremely repetitive. The British soldiers trying to escapeare continually thwarted in some way by water, holes in the hulls ofthe boats, followed by lots of swimming, standing/sleeping on the beachwaiting for the next chance to do the same thing. This frustration isinter-cut with two other main story lines (not really stories, and thatis the problem). RAF Spitfires coming over the Channel to help.Finally, the heroes of the rescue, the plucky small boats from thesouth coast, sensibly represented by one craft with three crew. Thereality is this is film which we know what happens, as this is ahistorical truth - many soldiers are rescued by the small boats (Iticked spoiler in case you do not know this!). The inter-cutting of thelatter two story lines with the soldiers is filmed is a poor way. Firstfrom a technical point of view - the no continuity of lighting. I knowthe weather is highly changeable in the Channel but the same scene isat once brightly sunlit, then cloudy, then grey, then sunlit withinseconds. This happened so much that I wonder if they did itdeliberately. Secondly, there is a slight historical non-linear tellingof the three stories as they intersect. The idea is obvious to see thestory from different points of view. But why? It is not as if the viewpoints generate fundamentally different moral perspectives. However thecore problem is there is no real narrative in the film. We do not get achance to care in any way about the characters. This truth in starkcontrast to much much better films about war. The simplest example topoint to is "Mrs. Miniver", a truly great film about war and, as ithappens, Dunkirk. There are many reviewers giving this new film 10 with'greatest war I have ever seen'. With no narrative and scene sceneshowing the same thing, it cannot be. Other great war films: "The GrandIllusion" and "Apocalypse Now" and "Full Metal Jacket".