When I first read about the Dunkirk Evacuation, I was in awe- and thepossibilities of exploiting and furthering this particular emotion wereboundless in Nolan's 'Dunkirk'. Unfortunately, this movie fallsembarrassingly short of its promise. Let's start with the positives.-The acting: In my view, any great war film needs to not just havegreat characters, but also great ACTORS to portray those characters. Inthis aspect, Dunkirk shines. The acting is brilliant, as can beexpected when your cast features the likes of Cillian Murphy, TomHardy, Sir Mark Rylance and Harry Styles(?). There isn't a moment whenany character exhibits an emotion out- of-the-ordinary, and there isn'ta single actor in the film that falls short of acting talent orability. -The music: Contrary to a lot of other people, I actually quite enjoyedthe background score- the theme of foreshadowing, which is at thecenter of the movie's premise, is brilliantly explored in the score. Now, to the (rather long) list of negatives: -Redundancy and repetitiveness: As you've probably heard already,Dunkirk's story is told through three perspectives/timelines: The mole(aka land), The sea, and The air. Unfortunately, while this idea holdsenormous promise, it only results in redundancy and confusion. Thereare times in the movie when it is unclear through whose perspective thestory is being told, and there are times when scenes become repetitive.This is particularly apparent in the scenes shot in the air. Maybe thiswas intentional, and if it was, Nolan succeeded here. To me, it justseemed like poor editing and confused direction. This results in themovie seeming exceedingly long for its 1 hour 45 minutes run-time. -The inability to convey the scale of the evacuation: This, for me, wasperhaps the most blatant flaw in this movie. You would think after a$150 million budget and the sheer scale of the actual evacuation itselfthat the movie would truly convey the likely thousands of ships/boatsthat were involved. This is just not the case. Throughout the film, weprobably see maybe ~10 planes and about 20-30 boats/ships. This, in myview, does not do justice to the miracle of the evacuation, and greatlydetracts from the promise this film initially had. -The emotionless characters: This, in my view, is the biggest problemwith Dunkirk. The thing is, there just isn't enough dialogue, thereisn't any background on ANY of the soldiers that makes you empathizewith them. The consequence of this is that when a semi-major or majorcharacter dies, you don't feel anything. Really, all you think is:Well, I've already seen 100s of random soldiers die anyways, why isthis different? Again, maybe this was intentional, maybe the point wasto trivialize the deaths of even major characters to the point thatthey are no different from any of the other deaths. I personally didn'tenjoy it very much.All in all, Dunkirk is a film with a lot of promise, and an incrediblepotential for awe-inspiring characters and story lines. However, itsweak character development, and lack of ability to truly convey theenormity of the Dunkirk Evacuation ultimately lead to its downfall, andresult in a film that inspires neither empathy nor awe. Verydisappointing.