Gushing reviews and hype led me to believe this was going to be anamazing war film. So many people compared Dunkirk very, very favourablyto 'saving private ryan'. Many rave reviews 10/10 'the best war filmever'& 'Nolan masterpiece' etc.First things first, this film bears absolutely no comparison to 'savingprivate ryan'. Dunkirk is not fit to be mentioned in the same breath asSpielbergs masterpiece.Saving Private Ryan is deservedly a classic war film that can bewatched many times.Dunkirk is (at best) mediocre. Watch once, unremarkable and quicklyforgotten, vastly overrated and over-hyped. We went expecting greatness, (which we were led to believe was thisfilm) and left, as I heard a fellow member of the audience state onleaving, "thats 2 hours I won't get back again".It's yet another of those Hollywood offerings, a clapped out fordescort disguised under a 'ferrari body kit'. From outside it looksgood, but once you get in and drive, it's a clapped out ford escort.Enough of my disappointment:- The film shows the British/French military disaster of Dunkirk, wherethe British expeditionary force and thousands of French troops hadretreated to Dunkirk, as conquering German armies swept across Franceusing 'Blitzkreig' tactics.The only hope for those at Dunkirk was evacuation by sea or faceannihalation.The film attempts to tell the story through the eyes of a SpitfirePilot (Tom Hardy) A group of British tommies attempting to escape from Dunkirk (includingHarry Stiles who gave a creditable performance) and civilian small boat skipper (Mark Rylance) who is sailing over asone of 'the little ships' to rescue the army.The mistake is trying to cram to many viewpoints, with a slightlydifferent time line, into too short a film (1hr 46mins) Also havingcharacters you actually don't care much about. The 1958 film Dunkirk did a much better job on both aspects and wasover 30 minutes longer. Visually it's good, (back to the Ferrari body shell) but you don't getany empathy for the characters, particularly the soldiers, who shouldbe the key to the story (being about the evacuation from Dunkirk) The film spends far too long with Tom Hardy, flying his remarkablespitfire, it flies on and on with limitless ammo. He shoots downseveral fighters, a bomber, and (amazingly) even a stuka whilst hisplane is gliding (having run out of fuel) The film title is 'Dunkirk' not 'Spitfire Battles' so detracts from themain story - which surely is about the evacuation of Dunkirk. Mark Rylance is good as the boat skipper with his son plus a 17 yearold boy as crewman.However, its a bit Uuh? as he just sails off with his boat as the RN istrying to put naval crews on board, and remarkably knows exactly wherehe has to go and why. In reality the RN briefed the small boats andgave them routes to skirt minefields etc. On route Rylance picks up Cillian Murphy sitting atop a mostlysubmerged ship hull. Murphy is a bit 'shell shocked'.On realising he is being taken back to Dunkirk, in a scuffle with theskipper to turn around the boat, the 17 year old is accidentallyfatally injured. Pointless sub story compared to the main 'event' (Dunkirk evacuation)Another uuh! moment.The film tries to be 'clever' (but doesn't pull it off) entwining allthree story lines to meet at the same event. When Hardy attacks thebomber, attacking the minesweeper, that the soldiers are trying to swimto from their sinking fishing boat and Rylance rescues them. The British soldiers, who the film follows, are remarkably cowardly.Bearing mind the Britsh Expeditionary Force, although small, was aprofessional army. Not conscripts.I felt nothing for the soldier characters, other than a mild contemptfor being so cowardly, no attempt to find their units, just run for theships, by any means.The film has several good actors, which seemed remarkably wasted,murphy as battle fatigued coward !Brannagh as some senior naval officer on the pier - more of a cameoHardy was convincing as a pilot but rather detracted from theevacuation story. In many respects, this film is a glib, colour version of a disastrouspart of our military history and a remarkable evacuation.I did get a lump in the throat at the sight of the 'little ships' butonly about 7 were shown, and it was almost a 'by the way' scene, as ifnot important.In reality 800 or so, civilian small vessels, of all shapes and sizes,from paddle steamers to river launches, bravely sailed across to rescuethe army. However, you never get the scale of the event nor feel any empathy, letalone sympathy, for the characters. This director is a poor scriptwriter for an historic event withinliving memory. He should stick to science fiction stories. The sound was mostly loud dirge 'music' that did nothing for me.Whats the difference between a bucket of faeces and the film Dunkirk2017 ? The bucket!4.5/10p.s. I nearly laughed out loud at the end. On a surprisingly moderntrain in blighty, the soldiers wondered what people would think ofthem? Bearing in mind how they had jumped every queue and used everydeception to save their skins. I think 'cowards' would be appropriate.