It's hard to understand critic ratings of 10/10 while this movieundeniably lacks quality on some very important aspects. Let me startoff with some positive notes:- IMAX: The impact of the bullets and bombs felt as if you were reallythere. The entire movie is shot in a very realistic way. - Opening scene: The suspense, music and cinematography all cametogether very well in the opening scene, which really made me excitedfor the scenes to come.- Acting: Poor acting can easily distract the audience from theirexperience of being in a certain time/place. But there was not a singlemoment in which an actor did something out of character. Allexpressions were very believable. Great acting!But there were some major aspects I had issues with:- Characters: The characters did not have any background story andthere's hardly any dialogue to give some insight. The main charactersare therefore replaceable for any other random soldier on that beach. Ido not expect an elaborate introduction of every character, certainlynot in a historical war movie, but the downside is that the audiencecannot empathize with the main characters. I really didn't care for oneof them to die. I've seen hundreds of soldiers die in earlier scenes ofthe movie, why would one or two more (just as hollow and unknown as anyother soldier) bother me a bit? It's no must to focus on characterdevelopment, as long as the other aspects of the movie make up for thelack of it. In Dunkirk that sadly was not the case.- Editing: Sometimes it was hard to follow which moment in time isshown, because the movie abruptly cuts between three perspectives,therefore even showing some events twice. I find this non-linearstorytelling and continuity breaks unnecessary and poorly executed.- Repetitive: Much scenes are identical or slightly different fromanother. Especially the flight scenes did not add much to the story.Instead I rather would've seen some scenes at the front-line withtroops actually defending the beach instead of just a bunch of scared,helpless troops waiting for the next plane to fly over and bomb theshite out of them. Keeping out the Germans at the front-line is just asmuch a part of the story of Dunkirk and it would've given us a chanceto actually see the enemy and get some awesome battle scenes. - Music: Usually I enjoy Zimmer's score. But in this movie there was nomoment of silence, not a moment to break the suspense. Especially inIMAX, my ears were buzzing hours after I left the cinema. Was thisintentional? Was it supposed to feel like one big action scene withoutany breaks, to get the same feeling of those soldiers, trapped betweenbattles unable to take a break, constantly in stress of a nearingattack? Well, than Nolan did succeed. But I found it very annoying. Overall I believe this movie is highly overrated, due to many biasedNolan fans and critics blindly hopping on the hype-train. I found it avery boring movie. The lack of an interesting plot or any interestingcharacters sadly wasn't compensated enough by the impressiveaudiovisuals. Rescue yourself from boredom and don't watch this movie!