Horror tension, mystery tension and racial tension blend together intoa gripping and formidable nail-biter in "Get Out," the astonishingdirectorial debut of Jordan Peele. The former half of the comedy duo"Key & Peele" has found a way to both honor and subvert the thrillerand horror genres in a way that's unmistakably modern. In the tradition of "The Stepford Wives" with the twist of "Guess Who'sComing to Dinner?," the story follows a young black man named Chris(Daniel Kaluuya) who goes to meet his girlfriend, Rose's (AllisonWilliams) parents at their fancy estate where things go from slightlyuncomfortable in terms of Chris being black to deeply messed up in oneslow but inevitable fell swoop.With a creepy opening scene showing a different black man gettingabducted in a peaceful-seeming suburb, the tone is set immediately thatthere's cause for concern. Luckily for Chris, Rose is really sensitiveto issues of race and prejudice, and even when her parents (BradleyWhitford and Catherine Keener) or brother (Caleb Landry Jones) seem tomake Chris' blackness into a thing, the two handle it as best as anyinterracial couple could. The warning signs come in the form of theArmitage family's black help, maid Georgina (Betty Gabriel) andgroundskeeper Walter (Marcus Henderson), whose behavior is anything butnormal.Peele sets a tone of creepiness largely with the help of composerMichael Abels, also making his feature film debut. The unpredictablenature of Georgina and Walter as characters, the ever-increasingsuspicion of all the white characters and the way Peele keeps younervous about who or what is just outside the frame fuel the fear andparanoia as well as if not better than any horror movie featuring moreovertly malevolent forces does.Kaluuya, in a role that will deservedly put him on the map, gives aperformance that will connect with viewers who identify with Chris as aman trying to feel comfortable while out of his element experiencingstrange things, and those who truly understand Chris' experience as aman of color undergoing the very same events. It would be fascinatingto know the different ways a black viewer would experience the filmcompared to a white one, but the most important thing is that everyonewill identify with and feel for Chris.When a little horror film debut like this one gets talents such asWhitford, Keener and Williams, you know the script is good. Peele keepsup the air of mystery a long time even without packing in very manyunexpected twists. The awareness of something being wrong but not quiteunderstanding what it going on or why despite getting new informationis a real strength of Peele's writing. Then of course there's thebrilliant ways that race and the black experience make it into thefilm. If that weren't enough, Chris' best friend (LilRel Howry)provides comic relief in a way that's stereotypical, yet Peele uses himin unexpected ways. So we get to benefit from Peele's nose for comedyas well.Not everything adds up by the end of "Get Out," but the film plays outin extremely satisfying fashion. Fans of horror and fans of thrillerswho don't mind horror when it's done well should both enjoy thetechnique and experience. It provides thrills of the pulse-pounding,thrill-seeking and thought-provoking variety and few genre films cansay the same.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more