For grey-haired Brexiteers like me, weaned upon a diet of 1950'sBritish stiff-upper-lipped-ness (BSULN), a modern movie re-kindlingthat - now long lost - spirit was surely a must-see. I hadn't been tothe cinema in donkeys' years; put off not so much by modern movies(which are bad enough) but by audiences of ignorant huge-headedbag-crackling crisp-crunching gas-bags who came to ruin the wholeexperience. And with a comfy chair, big HD telly and unlimited Stella,it would take something special to prise me off the cushions and forkout over £13(!). Well, if any word might do it; "Dunkirk" might. If ever a word conjuresup notions of legendary BSULN - Dunkirk is that conjurer's word. I have a DVD of the much cherished 1950's version featuring thosegrandees of wartime spunk, John Mills and Dickie Attenborough, not tomention a reassuring dollop of Bernard Lee. It's an excellent work fromstart to finish. Every aspect of the great debacle and culminating"miracle" is included and carefully edited into a coherent story, fromhome-grown civilian cynicism about the "phoney" war, the collapsingFrench defence, discussions at High-Command, desperate Britishregrouping, French refugees, mountains of abandoned logistics,slaughter on the beaches and final deliverance. It ain't nomasterpiece, but it's a very coherent, sterling work of typicallyunderstated performances, representing people with sufficient depththat you can care about them and their fate; all re-created bycharacter actors who actually experienced both the war and the times.Cut to yesterday. This modern take on the great event is shallow in theextreme. Oh-sure; the combat scenes are visceral enough with soundlevels fit to cause tinnitus, but coherent story telling? believablecharacters? An overview of the great historical event? Forget it!Considering the makers of this movie had almost unlimited funds andCGI, this should've resembled a Cecil B Demille epic. There weresupposed to be over 350,000 allied soldiers trapped in Dunkirk! I swearI've seen more people in Tesco's at Christmas than are depicted here.The beaches seem practically empty. And those people to whom we areintroduced appear two-dimensional, like cardboard cut-outs.The "collapse" is depicted by about half a dozen British Tommieswalking negligently through suburbs, evidently unaware of the war, onlyto be mown down. One survives and encounters the French rear-guard.That's it. Time for a crap on the dunes. They're deserted, so what thehell? After that, there's a series of small set-piece conflicts drawnprogressively together by the choppiest editing I've ever witnessed.All the characters are two-dimensional and unexplained. There's noback-fill story at all. A quite disproportionate amount of time isspent aloft with the RAF. Three whole Spitfires are presented almostreverentially, as if they alone turned the military tide. They skirmishwith bombers and fighters, shooting down all they encounter with onequick burst of gunfire. The last one, running out of fuel, gracefullylands on the beaches of Dunkirk, in mellow westering sunlight, as thestrains of Nimrod from Elgar's Enigma Variations grind away at halfspeed. It's frankly mythologising of the most juvenile kind. I almostlaughed. (And incidentally; that Spitfire was travelling northeastalong the Belgian coast, so the sun would have to be setting in theopposite direction!)If you're a millennial - the sort who wanders vacantly about thestreets gaping into the screen of a mobile phone; someone with no moredepth of character than those depicted here; raised upon revisionaryhistory and brain-washed into being a bien pensant of the gloriousEuropean Union, this movie will seem as authentic as your friends onFacebook. But if you're of an earlier generation; you might want towatch the 1950's version at home, on the big telly, with the unlimitedStella. It's better in every way.