So, what was this supposed to be? A horror? A black comedy along thelines of TTCM? Or a clumsy, poorly written and badly acted and overlongexercise in vanity?If it was either of the first two then it failed, horribly. If it wasmeant to be the latter then it filled its remit, and then some.The entire first hour is pointless, slow, tedious and just bad. Thescript is appalling, the acting is hammy beyond belief and the pacingis all over the place. There is a potentially decent backstory with aracist smalltown cop showing up, but he gets his one scene and then iswritten out of the script for good. In fact, that entire segment addsnothing to the plot and serves only to fill a little time and break upthe drive to the parents house.Now, once they get there the whole thing just falls to pieces. From theawkward dinner to the 'OMG I forgot the annual family get together isthis weekend' to the slightly unhinged brother who just happens toswing by,the scene is set for a journey into ham fisted am-dram of thevery worst kind.I'm not going to go into much detail here, but there are two elementsthat ruin the entire story. The first one being the under, or over usedcomic relief, depending on your POV, and the absurd hypnosis plotdevice. This put the film firmly in the Billy Drago world of badmovies. In fact, his inclusion might have made it better. Thats how badit is.So blah blah blah, white people are evil and insane. we get it. If thishad been at least a little bit funny it might have worked, but itsjust...bad. There was a very funny idea in here, but it was completelywasted. If somebody with a sense of the absurd had taken this idea itcould have been a classic, but instead it was stilted, dull and flimsy.The idea of young black guys bodies being taken over by old rich whitefolk should have been a rich seam of farcical situational comedy. If ithad been made in the 70s with Richard Pryor then we would likely beusing it as the touchstone of racial comedies today. Unfortunately,that didn't happen and what we get instead is a mish mash of half bakedand poorly realised ideas that are never used properly.Its long been a criticism of IMDb that it doesn't filter out theobvious paid for reviews. Until now I've never given that muchcredence, but after reading some of the reviews posted Im beginning tothink that maybe there's something to it.1/10, but only because I can't give a zero