Cookie cutter suspense/thriller/horror flick that isn't verysuspenseful or thrilling or scary. The only real change from the normwith this movie is that it features a black man as the lead actor, andearly on in the movie it touches on some of the problems of interracialdating from a black man's perspective. I found some humor in the waythat the white family (and later their white friends) interacted withthe lead character...going out of their way at times to either talkabout how they voted for Obama or loved Tiger Woods...basically doingand saying the things that white people say to black people in anattempt to prove they aren't racist. The movie was fairly well acted despite not having exceptionally strongmaterial to work with. I thought Daniel Kaluuya turned in a reallystrong performance and he really saved the movie, imo. I don't recallseeing him in anything else prior to this, but he gave an excellentperformance and I hope this serves as a spring board to bigger/betterroles. Seems very talented. My biggest problem with this movie is that I don't know what it wastrying to be. It kind of hit a little bit with the satire and humorelements, but all in all, the movie just doesn't really have anidentity. The "mystery" behind everything was not well concealed andthe twists and turns you'd expect from a movie like this just neverdeveloped. I had this movie pretty well figured out before the halfwaymark, which made for a less enjoyable second half of the movie. I'mpretty amazed by all the rave reviews it's getting. It is a bit groundbreaking in it's own right strictly for thecultural/social/racial aspect - as that has been largely neglected inmovies, especially this genre - but once you get passed that and justlook at the movie for what it is, I can't really give this movieanything more than a middling grade. Not the worst movie I've ever seenby any means, but also not really worth the price of admission either.Wait for it to come out on Netflix and enjoy from the comfort of yourown couch.