It goes without saying that dark comedy is very difficult toaccomplish. I would almost say it's harder to pull off than regularcomedy because you need to be able to keep people invested in thedramatic aspect of the film, while still keeping them laughingthroughout the majority of the duration. Director Martin McDonagh hasmatured as a filmmaker over the years, starting off with In Bruges,which was pretty much a flat-out comedy, to Seven Psychopaths, whichplaced him a little further into the spotlight, but I must admit thatThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is not only his best film todate, but also one of the best films I've received the pleasure ofwitnessing all year. From laughter to genuine tension and heart, thisis a film that's pretty much perfect all around. Here is why I canrecommend this film to everyone.After the tragic death of her daughter, Mildred Hayes calls out thelocal authorities on three billboards, publicly stating that they'renot doing their jobs and not a single arrest has happened since thedeath of her daughter. While publicly displaying this is upsetting tosome, she sees it as a point being made. Through some very cleverlywritten humor throughout the entire film, levity is brought to thetable in times of sorrow, making this a very easy movie to watch.Although the story itself is quite depressing, this film is written ina way that will still find a way to make you smile.From the very first few frames of this film, you can tell the tone willbe handled perfectly. Written and directed by Martin McDonagh with pureclass, you can tell that he was very passionate when bringing this filmto fruition. Every line of dialogue either progressed the story along,developed a character, made the audience laugh, or provided deepinsight into the event of the murder itself. While not having thebearings of a conventional murder mystery, many viewers may not likethe way this film concludes, but in the context of the movie as a wholeand everything it's setting out to accomplish, it really does have arealistic and true finale.It's arguable that some of the law enforcement officers play just assignificant a role as Mildred does throughout the film, being prettymuch present every time a revelation occurs, but I gravitated the mosttowards Officer Dixon. I've always been a huge fan of Sam Rockwell, andhis character here is one of the most essential to this story, set onbeing there from beginning to end, trying his absolute best to be ofany help. While Woody Harrelson's portrayal of Chief Willoughby is byfar the most important to the story at hand, it's the characters aroundhim that drive him to his actions throughout the course of the movie.The characters are truly what make this film as likable as it is, andthey're all wonderfully drawn.Overall, when looking back on my experience watching Three BillboardsOutside Ebbing, Missouri, I find myself not being able to wait untilits official theatrical release to watch it again. I found this film tobe stellar in every sense of the word. From a noteworthy performance byFrancis McDormand, devoted secondary performances, a screenplay thatwill have you consistently laughing, while also being emotionallyinvolved with the serious storyline at hand, and pulling the audiencein with its subtly composed score, everything about this film is worthpraise. This was a huge surprise for me and I can't recommend youchecking it out enough. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is afantastic piece of modern cinema.