Review: This is one messed up film! Now that I have finally watched it,I can understand why some people found it quite disturbing but theending brought some justice to the whole messed up situation. DanielKaluuya plays a black photographer, Chris Washington, who is in a happyrelationship with his white girlfriend Rose Armitage (AllisonWilliams). They decide to go to Roses parents house, and he soonrealises that they have a weird outlook towards black people. With ablack woman and man as there servants, and various statements about hiscolour, he bites his tongue and he attends there annual party, whichalso leads to more racial comments. When Chris finally decides toleave, he is faced with an unbelievable situation which leads him tofight for his life. I was definitely shocked with the outcome of thismovie, and I wasn't expecting the various twists and turns throughout.It's not everyday that you see a film were the black underdog, triumphswith all the odds stacked up against him, so I have to give thedirector the thumbs up. The ending seemed a bit abrupt, and it doestake some time to get going but once it does, you can't fault it fororiginality. Personality, I would have got out of the house after thefirst day, especially after seeing how weird the servants were but Ican understand that he was in love with his girlfriend, which is why hewas willing to put up with ignorant behaviour from the messed up familyand friends. Anyway, I enjoyed the movie and it's definitely worth awatch. Enjoyable!Round-Up: This is the first movie directed by Jordan Peele, 38, who isknown for his comedic series Key & Peele, alongside Keegan-Michael Key.The shock success of this movie, brought him to the main stream, andwith Keanu also doing well at the box office, the only way is up forthe dynamic duo. Although Daniel Kaluuya isn't a household name, he hasstarred in Cass, Welcome to the Punch, Kick Ass 2, Sicario and theseries Skins, so he has had some experience in front of the camera. Hedefinitely brought some intensity to the project, and it was good tosee him use his brain towards the end.Budget: $4.5million Worldwide Gross: $252.5millionI recommend this movie to people who are into their horror/mysteries,starring Daniel Kaluuya, Allison Williams, Catherine Keener, BradleyWhitford, Caleb Landry Jones, Marcus Henderson and Lakeith Stanfield.7/10