SPOILERS!I hated this shockingly racist, illogical, trashy film! I am stunnedthat it is not being called out for the racism (hidden behind the maskof alleged liberal good-deed-doing) and violence that it condones! Ihave never seen a film make so many attempts at virtue signaling whileat the same time exhibiting racism all over the place. FrancesMcDormand alleges about some torturing of "innocent black folks" andyet that storyline is never explored. Sam Rockwell (so awful in this Ineed to invent a new word to describe the failure) plays a racist copbut we never actually SEE any racism - there is only innuendo andexcessive, unfunny use of the "n" word. Racism, if you're going toexplore it intelligently with an audience, needs more than mean wordsand one scene where a "racist cop" get annoyed with and threatens totake in a young hipster black man for spitting in the cops direction.Sadly, that's the best example of something mildly racist actuallyhappening in the film besides cheap talk - and it's WEAK - becausefrankly the cop, dumb as he is, actually has a point in that spittingtowards a cop is an act of aggression - the cop didn't arrest him, hejust reminded the young man that he's walking a fine line. Every blackcharacter (all in minor roles) portrayed seems to have stepped off thetrain from Williamsburg or Wicker Park. They are ALL hipster types withnothing of value to contribute besides cheap talk. The black people inthis movie exist only to make the fake liberals look good for having"black friends" somewhere in the background. WHICH BEGS THE QUESTION -WHY is Frances McDormand the star of this film? Why not ANGELA BASSETT?Instead of casting a white actress why didn't the filmmakers decide tomake this story about a Midwestern black woman who's daughter's rapeand murder was ignored by the cops? That would at least be a morebelievable attempt to explore these themes - rather than FILTER THATMESSAGE through a white woman. Hollywood is racist and they almostalways think white liberals need to save black people. Is it aboutracism, or justice for the dead daughter? Neither, ultimately. As forher dead daughter, she's abandoned by the storytellers so...WHO CARES? The violence is stupid and LOOKS FAKE! Example: that dumb kitchen scenewith the boy and his dad and the knife! Embarrassingly executed -almost as embarrassing as that REALLY bad CGI DEER that is just aknockoff scene from a superior scene from THE QUEEN. ALSO --the messageof anger begets anger, etc being explained to us directly from acharacter is cheap writing and disingenuous. There is no good messagehere. Also, why the making fun of the midget? Gee - that hasn't beendone thousands of times! Stupid. Not funny and NOT edgy. BASIC PLOT FAILS! #1. They introduce a man who "MAY" be the killer Frances is kindasearching for (more time is spent kicking high school kids in the shin- by the way, why did those kids just STAND there and let her keepkicking them? Not a very realistic reaction. They would have RUN AWAY!)He MAY be the killer - and then we learn he definitely is not? And whygive us this whole story about him being somewhere "SANDY" in the war?So he's a rapist soldier now instead? So WHY show him CONFESS toFrances earlier? STUPID!#2. THE BILLBOARDS DON'T WORK! We see NO ONE drive past them EVERexcept for Frances McDormand, Sam Rockwell and Woody. As for the newsbroadcast, that was again cheap writing. It doesn't show us how peoplereact to anything related to the billboards. Woody's cancer is a cheapdiversion from the fact that the billboards have no affect. By tyinghis cancer so directly to the plot with the billboard's "allegedfiasco" they deny the opportunity for the audience to see the townsfolkreal reaction to the CONTENT of the billboards - and instead they reactto Frances being mean to a dying man. This defeats the point of thebillboards in terms of storytelling, so it's hard to see any realreason why or how these billboards EVER stir the pot, but thefilmmakers pretend that magically they do! # 3. When a hipster gets thrown out the window by Sam Rockwell - thenew police chief sees this - and, uh, DOES NOT ARREST HIM! So, not onlydo the filmmakers know nothing about police, what is legal or illegal,but they have never watched a single episode of LAW AND ORDER or evenJUDGE JUDY. Speaking of reactions - no one in this film has a realisticreaction to anything that happens ever. Sam Rockwell goes from nearlymurdering someone, to acting goofy after getting fired, all in the samebreath! It's stupid beyond belief. Then we're supposed to believe thatduring THE FIRE, just SECONDS AFTER reading Woody's moralistic letter(another cheap devise overused throughout), he has an instantaneouschange of heart/moral epiphany and thinks immediately of saving theBURNING CASE FILE ON HIS DESK to help Frances McDormand? I could go onfor hours about how awful every second of this film is...saveyourselves the time. Watch "IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT" or "MISSISSIPPIBURNING". This movie is so awful it does not even deserve to be criticized. Theonly reason I am is because it has gotten rave reviews from criticsDESPERATELY searching for a zeitgeist film of the moment, but whohaven't found a good one yet so they are propping this one up! WHY?Because it checks off all the correct virtue signaling requirements ofthe times. Critical thinking while viewing this film will reveal afalse justification for violence, bigotry towards dwarfs and countrypeople, and inherently racist storytelling.