"Get Out" takes the initial premise of "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner"and then twists it with "The Stepford Wives" to create a compelling,thoughtful critique of white power. Peele, of course, isn't arguingthat white people are out to hypnotise black people. Instead, Get Outis a stinging criticism of the white liberalism that carries itself asempathetic towards blacks, but that empathy only extends as far aswhite control. Peele isn't taking aim at Neo- Nazis and other whiteswho would angrily shout the n-word. They're a lost cause. Instead, he'slooking at those who profess their lack of racism, but only do so ifthey can maintain their dominance over black people in the mostinsidious manner possible. As Chris pointedly notes to Rose at partyfull of white people, "Has anyone here ever met a black person thatdidn't work for them?"The film is genuinely creepy. Instead of cheesy music and grotesquetorture porn, Peele relies on the unknown to draw you in. What ishappening here? The plot builds like a slow boil to a terror explosion.Clues to the outcome are evident from the first second, but it takesthe entire run-time to pull everything together. It's such a joy to besurprised by a horror outcome. I don't think I've seen a genre filmthis inventive since Cabin in the Woods. The resolve is trulysatisfying.My favourite aspect of Get Out is the intelligence of the characters.There's a lot to like, but beyond the deeper themes; the charactersaren't morons. I cringe every time I watch a genre film and thecharacters don't behave logically. Chris and Rose are not fools.Something is amiss, enough to warrant wariness. Anyone in thissituation would be unnerved as events play out. Credit again to Peelefor writing characters that act rationally."Get Out" doesn't replace the scares with humour ? Peele is too smartto do that. Instead, he balances the fear with laughs and then laceseverything with social comment and that unsettling tone. The fact thatChris is so eminently likable just underlines it. It all adds up tosomething of a treat ? for everybody, not just horror fans.