In the words of poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan, the beauty of film is "Youget poetic justice in less than 3 hours. You often don't get poeticjustice in a lifetime." If that'd be the case than the collective worksof Martin McDonagh serves as a counterweight to such thinking. Hisfilms, often involve looking in vain for the nebulous concepts of love,justice and meaning in a post-modern world. His characters, likable ifdeeply flawed, shout into the void but never find the answers theyseek.Thus it's hard to truly gage a film like Three Billboards OutsideEbbing, Missouri. Much like In Bruge (2008) and Seven Psychopaths(2012), this film is rich with wit yet syncopated in its own world ofmessy loops, twists, turns and tones. The story begins with themelodies of Renee Fleming's "Tis the Last Rose of Summer" but then endsthe first five minutes on the screen in capital letters. The lettersspell out "RAPED WHILE DYING," "STILL NO ARRESTS?" "HOW COME, CHIEFWILLOUGHBY". So starts the saga of the Three Billboards Outside Ebbing,Missouri, sanctioned by a grieving mother; printed for a dying man.The mother in this case is Mildred Hayes (McDormand), who much like herbillboards stands unwavering. She's hassled by everyone from SheriffWilloughby's (Harrelson) clueless deputies to her ex-husband Charlie(Hawkes). Still, even when her son Robbie (Hedges) is incensed to giveher the silent treatment, Mildred demands her message be heard. Herteenage daughter was raped and murdered seven long months ago andnothing has been done. She wants justice.Yet the funny thing about justice in this movie is the moment you get agood handle on the concept, the film bleeds it away like water fromoutstretched hands. So too do the characters. Every time you get a firmunderstanding of who they are, something logical yet wholly unexpectedforces you to assess and reassess. No one else best exemplifies thisthan Sam Rockwell's Office Dixon who goes from a racist Barney Fife toa numbed Travis Bickle with nary a dropped beat to make you questionthe change.The ensemble carries the film through a lot of ugliness with grace. Weglide uncomfortably close along the sharpened edges of rape, murder,abuse, suicide, alcoholism and racism. All the while questions like:"is it okay to be angry in an unfair world?" and "how do our decisionsaffect others," smear into the ashy black comedy and imposingmelodrama. Deep care was given to breathe life into these characters.Even when someone as non-consequential as Charlie's nineteen-year-oldgirlfriend (Weaving) enters the fray you can't help but admire howthese people interact and curious about how they must feel.Martin McDonagh more than ever invites comparisons to the Coen brothersin this film. A signal that to me at least proves McDonagh isambitious, but out of his weight class at this point in his career. Forwhile the Coen's approach their films with the same character-first,free-form narratives, there's always a level of benevolence behind thecynicism. Here, instead of smirk-worthy amusement there is anger.Instead of cosmic curiosity there is more anger. Instead of wonder,there's just more anger, and you know what they say about anger; itjust begets more?anger.If anger were the spice of life, then this murky soup would definitelybe worth consuming. But as it is not, regular filmgoers should approachthis witty, richly rendered film with extreme caution. McDonagh'soeuvre is an acquired taste and those liable to agree with Bachchan'sapproach to film may walk out severely shook. But for those fixing foran overall decent barnstorming black comedy, the "Show Me" state mightjust have something for you.