This movie is so bad that we had to leave the cinema before itfinished. It is merely a shallow attempt to depict the "moment" andnothing else.Content wise it offers no insight into the historic context, nothing.There's no dialogue, no story line whatsoever. If the intention ofwhoever made this movie is just to focus on the "moment", the state ofbeing trapped of the soldiers then it also fails at that. For example,there were some efforts to portrait the mental state of the soldiersbut dare I say it was an insult to those who fought in the war. Whatwas being portrayed was mostly fear, the British soldiers depicted likea bunch of pathetic cowards, some was even tactically cheating to geton board, or accusing their fellow soldier of being a spy henceforthshould get off the boat when it gets too heavy. Of course it'sunderstandable to be desperate when you're in between life and death,but seriously what about other mentalities of the other hundredthousand soldiers? I cant help but thinking just play the opening sceneof Saving Private Ryan on loop and you already have a much betterresult than this.Lookwise, it is so off putting. They said there were 400,000 soldierstrapped in Dunkirk but throughout the movie, you only saw a few boatsand planes. Fair enough if they don't want to use screen effects tokeep the realness, but then why alternate the colour of the whole movieto that omnipresent teal and orange look? It is too overused that somescenes don't even look real. The city in the opening scenes looks just fine and nowhere near likeit's been at war, the high rank soldiers' uniform was flawless. Thesoldiers' faces look well fed and slept except some dirt on their face. In many scenes the composition of the frame is repeated in the sameway: the camera was positioned below skyline so the frame was dominatedby the sky and the beach, in the middle were silhouette of thesoldiers, running across or. If this is the only way to portray thestate a of being trapped then it shows a very very poor imagination. There's only so much left to criticize but I'll leave it here. For methis is the worst movie I've seen, also it's disrespectful to take suchsubject too lightly.