Music tempo was overpowering,the exhausted cowardly Brit trying to takea dump on the beach in the beginning of the movie with ear piercingsomber music while his pants are down around his ankles was an ominoussign of things to come.The siege of Dunkirk (historically crammed with 300,000-400,000vacating France with at least 10,000 on the sand at one time) seemedempty for lack of CGI & modern day reservist extras, Nolan went cheap &only hired 500 weekend warriors plus a dozen vehicles from a local carclub. The civilian boat flotilla numbered a half dozen borrowed fromthe London Maritime Museum , CGI was needed badly...I cant believe Iwrote that!Also scenes kept repeating themselves,like the movie was stuck in aloop ( going cheap again using one day aerial footage) Two Spitfiresagainst two Messerschmitt Bf 109's escorting a bomber trying to make abomb run on a tugboat,trawler or small freighters must have been reused3-4 times. A lone war museum Heinkel He 111 lining up like a pregnantfat duck seems rather suicidal even with Mr. Bean manning the ack- ackor is WW2 now in the mythology/fantasy realm & Nolan must not becritiqued while misusing the last flyable HE111...probably as not totear off the wings doing fancy maneuvers & upping the price tag of thisTurkey to $200 Million . Plus that annoying music to camouflage the reuse of the footage waspure trickery & was getting blatant in the middle,even the lone CGI ofthe Stuka dive bombing the pier was reused many times with the musicblasting in the foreground ...the same with the overturning Greytugboat & swimming extras. Nolan's soldiers seemed hauntingly bored & extremely selfish (Puttingto much of today's persona in a movie is not a good thing) The sombercowardly Lion characterizations made the British retreating army anarmy of fools with the French soldiers looking on with grim contempt asthe Brits throw them under the bus ( E.U blow-back propaganda eveninfects Dunkirk) The antiquated "Hold the Line!" isn't what one hearsfrom today's metrosexual British males & it reflects badly in how oneperceives history in today's age.The Brits at Dunkirk were climbingover each other backs to get out ...that is how I perceive Nolan'sCrayola Kindergarten scribbles to be & not Churchill's heroichistrionics with his empire on the line.Now since WW2 is now a distant memory with half of millennial iPhonehumping narcissistic dolts rather clueless about anything concerningreality of historical placement, the story/movie did an awful job ofexplaining Dunkirk in the grand scheme of things . How many movie goerslater Googled Wikipedia 'WW2' for an explanation of the Battle ofFrance? ... not many if I know my fellow citizens. Nolan could haveexchanged the Spitfires & Messerschmitts with the Millennial Falcon &X-Wing fighters I doubt any of today's citizens would have noticed norcared.The Germans (Nazis) were shadow figures & the explanation of why Hitlerpaused in pushing the Brits into the sea was brushed off like so muchsand... Adolf was a cunning diplomatic in the first year of the war &Churchill didn't bite the Carrot while Adolf halted the tanks lettingthe Brits vacate without being massacred mercilessly while awaitingEngland come to terms(But that is politically incorrect to questionmotives or think outside what is acceptable .. now back to Star Warssequel #9)In conclusion the movie left me empty just like the sands of Dunkirk &any residue interest in 'WW2' was latter replaced by me digging throughthe closet looking for a dusty VHS copy of "The Bridge to Far" &reminiscing /realizing how far Hollywood has sunk & now sucks.