No reviewer was lying when they said see this in 70mm IMAX (fulldisclosure, I saw this on a regular screen). In my opinion, itnecessitates it. I can just "tell" from what I saw. The aerial shotsalone would provide good reasoning for it, but the sound that thosetheaters provide with the big picture in front of you will captivateyou exactly the right way.This isn't a social kind of film, and it certainly isn't popcornentertainment. Not a summer blockbuster at all. This film's scope feelsvery small, even though it carries epic tones within. Nolan reallybroke a lot of traditional film conventions with this, and I think thatexact kind of ambition is what makes this movie work for a more generalaudience. I somewhat think audience members need to know what they'regetting into beforehand to be accepting of that fact, but once they areI think they will be just fine.On a technical level, I think this is Nolan's best yet. The Prestigestill might get higher honors simply because of the more demandingwriting that is involved, but given what Nolan intended to do, thisnearly screams "perfection." Did he try and go for an R-rating? No. Didthat matter? Not even close. Did he try and provide massive amounts ofcharacter development? No. Did that matter? Depends on who you talk to.I could honestly say that if there were two cuts of this film?anextended cut that develops the characters and this one?you could giveus the option and we would find the one we enjoy more depending on whatwe're looking for. Did he look to vilify the Germans to the point ofcontroversy? No. Did that matter? It didn't, but only one part doesstick out for me (the "one flaw" that Nolan often has trouble with inhis writing) and I'll get back to that in a moment."Harrowing" is easily my favorite word to describe Dunkirk. This is asurvival film, and that's all it is. He put us on the beach, on thesea, and in the air. He gave the characters a want and will to livewith an impending threat for which we understand its consequence,without need of showing thousands of deaths or lots of blood. When onemoment of attempted survival ends, another one begins without warning.That doesn't mean the film is relentless action, but it certainly isrelentless tension, if for no other reason than Hans Zimmer's score.I'm telling you right now, his score is my favorite part of the film.It's actually mostly a quiet kind of score, but it is frightening andworks with the film so very well.Nolan has had a lot of trouble doing "show, not tell" in his pastfilms. This time he has learned a lot, not letting the actors exposeeverything (acting was fine all around, by the way... not much to sayabout it honestly, as it's not the film's high point). I did not feelthe presence of the surrounding enemies, though. If the film didn'ttell us about it, I probably wouldn't have felt the pressure of gettingoff that beach sooner than later. Hearing the planes incoming wasalways scary of course, but as we only had the British perspective anda week-long time line at most, there simply wasn't a chance of feelingtime cave in on them. This to me is this film's only real flaw.That being said, the only real limitation that holds this film back isthat it's based in reality, which means that we are already aware ofthe outcome. I think for this particular story it's fine, because it'snot one specific moment that lets us breathe again... so letting itplay out the way that it did is okay with me. I do not think this willgo over with people who come in completely uneducated about Dunkirk. Imade a mistake in stating that I wanted this film to educate me on theevacuation story. I think I'd rather have learned about it first andthen seen the film, kind of like seeing United 93 after having lived9/11 (not totally, but I was at least cognizant of all thattranspired). That doesn't mean to research the film itself, but ratherjust the historical event.I do hope that Nolan goes back to fictional work after this. Here wasan awesome deviation from the norm that he chose to do, and he went outin grand style. I could have used a longer film with fleshed outcharacter development, but this film also works as well especially inthe month of July. I see this receiving many Oscar nominations such asscore, editing, cinematography, visual effects, etc... I do not see anyacting or writing awards... and yes, I see a director nomination aswell. If the academy believes some of those earn him victories, thengod damn it give him his Best Picture Oscar as well.I can't really yet rank this film with his other films, because it'sjust so different. I don't see too many of the Inception parallelshere. Every film of his outside of Insomnia either does nonlinear orintertwining storytelling, but this one is without the clevernessinvolved in the script. It's just playing things out as they do.Survive. So to revisit, I believe this may be his best work yet, evenif I don't know if it's my favorite of his. I really just want to putthis in another category from other films entirely, in which case it'smy favorite of "that kind of film."My heart is still pounding from this film. I simply cannot wait to seethis in 70mm IMAX on Thursday.