*SPOILERS* This movie awful sucks! It is overrated over-hyped and a copycat thisfilm imitates and steals mostly ideas and scenes from DisturbingBehavior. Let me explain:In Disturbing Behavior a mad but brilliant scientist brainwashes andoperates on young high school students and he turns them in to obeyingupstanding citizens cyborg's. The only way you can ruin the cyborgpersonality is with a loud sound on the radio that makes them mad anddisturbed them.In Get Out A Young white bisexual girl seduces Afro American boys andgirls then she and her family captures them, then they brainwash themthe same that was in Disturbing Behavior and then they turn them in toobeying slave's cyborgs. The only thing you awake them is buy shootinga picture with a flashback on your photo camera so that they awake fromtheir nightmare.Get Out copy's and imitates Disturbing Behavior on a bad way, it issimilar story. I am not getting this movie a pass just because it try'sto be scary this movie failed and it is a failure in my opinion.I don't like this movie I don't like new horror movies because they arenot good and they don't know how to make a good horror film! This moviefails to be a good slasher film, it fails, it is boring way too long,it is not exciting it is not the best horror movie the critics aresaying. It is not intense or exciting and it is not interesting at all.I don't care about the lead guy and his girlfriend she is a selfishmonster and he find out when it was all too late what a dumbass. Catherine Keener what the hell happened with you? You were so beautifuland so damn hot in The 40 Year Old Virgin once beautiful, intelligentvery smart, funny and goofy in this movie your fat and very dumb andugly. You changed lady and that in too ugly one I don't like you todayor in this movie.This film should have been straight out to Blu-ray and DVD I don'tunderstand why everyone LOVES this movie so good I don't understand Irespect people for others who likes this movie that's fine but I amonly guy who hates this film a lot because I thought it was very sillywriting of film I thought the all idea of it looks and sounds sillylike story is written buy group of kids in grade 1 written this story.I don't understand this movie or why was so god damn awful acted ,itwas really slow only the end was intense when Daniel fought for hislife but that was it. And his fight on the end was terrible I did notlike it at all.This movie wasn't scary enough and it wasn't scary at all. I think themovie get's high rating then any Friday the 13th movies, get's higherrating then any Child's Play that's my problem. Like new movies who arehorrendous horrible get's the pass but the old one great slasher filmsget's thumbs down.This movie can kiss my ass I have seen better horror film from 2000'sthat really got worst ratings and ranted on a worst.Another spoiler for you: when Daniel is captured and chained on thatchair and he was hypnotized by large TV Screen how did he got wads inhis ears and plugs his ears with a tied hands how did he do that? Howdid he reached the wads from the sofa chair he was siting? Does anyonehas an explanation how did he do that when he was all tied up? I knowhe scratched the sofa chair out just how did he reach the wads from hishands and how did he plugged his ears when he was all tied up. It makesno sense to me. I don't know why this movie get's the pass I don't understands. 1/10awful lame horrible movie a total disappointment and a failure I don'twant to watch this movie again.I am rather going to watch Friday the 13th movies, A Nightmare on ElmStreet movies, The Thing, Prince of Darkness, The Fog, Leviathan, Houseof Wax, The Hills Have Eyes the remake, Scream movies Miles bettermovies then this overrated peace a sh**T!