"Hate begets hate; violence begets violence; toughness begets a greatertoughness." - MLK Jr.It is perhaps the most sentient lesson one can take from ThreeBillboards Outsie Ebbing, Missouri. The darkest film of 2017. A film sounrelentingly angry and brutal, that it laughs in self-awareness andasks the audience to do the same. Not a single person in this film islikable, by any stretch. Not a single line of dialogue is deliveredwith the premise of you bursting out laughing. Three Billboards is whatit is. Unapologetically politically incorrect and gritty. MartinMcDonagh piles it all on high like a plate at Thanksgiving dinner (tomake a timely reference). But consequently, it gives the film a charmof it's own and a poignancy that is unmistakable. Reminiscent of thegreat films of the Coen Bros. and Quentin Tarantino, Three Billboardstakes itself as far as it can go down the dark comedy rabbit hole andyou will be smitten by that instantly. Three Billboards is a remarkablefilm and the most memorable film I've seen this year.Frances McDormand, in what can only be described as her most commandingon-screen performance since Fargo, plays Mildred Hayes. The grieving,blisteringly vengeful mother of a young girl raped and murdered by anunknown psychopath. In righteous indignation, she rents out Threebillboards, that just so happen to be outside of Ebbing, Missouri (asthe title suggests), that bluntly criticize the police department ofEbbing for what she sees as incompetence. "Raped while dying," "Andstill no arrests," "How come, Chief Willoughby?" they read. ChiefWilloughby, played by Woody Harrelson, takes offense by the billboardsas he feels it unfairly targets him, especially coming on the heels ofhis cancer diagnosis. Backed up in outraged is Officer Jason Dixon,played by Sam Rockwell, in a role that seems tailor made for a youngMichael Rooker . Officer Dixon is the world's stupidest cop and themost bigoted for sure. As time goes on, the outrage comes to ahead whena new specific tragedy (that I won't spoil) happens to ChiefWilloughby. Defiant, Mildred insists that the billboards stay up. Thetables have turned for Dixon, who now has a righteous anger of his own.Desperate for revenge, he tries to get back at Mildred, only to reapwhat he has sowed, by chance, in a Molotov cocktail attack on thepolice station. Also, by sheer chance, he runs into who he thinks isthe killer of Mildred's daughter and to atone for his bad cops sins,tries his best to indite the SOB.What is this movie getting at? A simple tale of the madness of currentAmerican society at it's core. Nobody is ever who they seem and we allaren't perfect. Also, how fate can change lives and the perspectives ofthemselves and others on a dime. Furthermore, tragedy and hate tend tobecome vicious cycles, as we all like to blame some kind of scapegoatto heal ourselves. It never does. Three Billboards cuts deep, even asit takes itself not very seriously... or so we think? The charactersall curse up a storm and beat each other up, yet they all cry realtears. Can a film this strange make you feel the feels? The answer isit does. By some miracle, it does.