Christopher Nolan, a period piece, and a warfare movie. It's aninteresting amalgamation. What did I think? Eh, meager disappointmentat best. My latest review is Nolan's 2017 release, Dunkirk. The story of Dunkirk is a true one. It's not handled faithfully and ithas big Chris achingly trying to reinvent the combat wheel, Nolanstyle! It's about a rather large evacuation in World War II. Alliedsoldiers were taken from the beaches and harbor of Dunkirk via thesummer of 1940. And in case you are wondering, Dunkirk is amedium-sized commune in northern France. Frustrating, overly thought-provoking, icy and at times clunky, Nolan'sfilm is told through the eyes of three different groups of WWIIservicemen. Yeah its running time is 106 minutes but Dunkirk feels likeit's two and a half hours long. Heck, about an hour in, I was almost"done" with Dunkirk. Natch.Anyway, Christopher Nolan as a director, gives Dunkirk a sterile look,a large canvas, a few nimble wide shots, and a numbing sense of being.These are the traits I like about him. However, when Christopher'sstyle fails to correlate with the proper subject matter (forgone battlein the trenches), it almost appears like amateur hour on screen. Nolanmind you, has never been a supreme storyteller, a user-friendlyfilmmaker, or an expert at staging action. This is where his Dunkirkultimately fails. For a movie under two hours, Dunkirk feels slight of hand at being asilent film. It still has a ton of scenes that don't find a rhythm andcan't sustain any kind of payoff. Battle sequences involving planes,boats, and land infantry are quick, lack minimal gore (that explainsthe PG-13 rating), and are virtually non-coherent. Also, the actorsmumble their lines and Nolan's favorite troupers from his other flicks(Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy), feel underused while not having a lot ofscript material to bounce off of. All in all, my biggest fault with Dunkirk has to be the editing byAustralian Lee Smith. He shapes a vehicle that substitutes wartime ADHDand spoon-fed art for tone and entertainment value. Nothing in frame istruly held long enough for the viewer to process. Basically it's themovie equivalent of someone constantly changing channels with theirstate-of-the-art remote. So yeah, Dunkirk has a couple of meaningfulmoments with a provided musical score that's equal parts stirring,absorbingly loud, and annoying. Still, Smith's edits are very choppyand very fleet. They zap Dunkirk of having any lengthy intrigue orsense of epic tranquility. Bottom line: War pics shouldn't make youmiffed at trying to fit all the events together as the closing creditscome up. That only works with stuff like The Thin Red Line. My rating:2 stars.