I went to see Happy Death day at the movie theater without knowing whatI should expect since it got mixed reviews. What I saw left mecompletely satisfied and I am going to tell why you it was totallyworth watching and not a waste of time and money as some might say! Yesthe movie's main plot is someone who relives the same day over and oversomething that has already been covered in movies like 'The GroundhogDay' and 'Before I Fall'. someone might say the movie is not originalbecause it steals its main plot from a classic and 'better' movie butthis is wrong. 'Groundhog Day' and 'Happy Death' day do not belong inthe same genre and they are completely distinct with only a few thingsin common which don't prevent the movie from being entertaining. Plusone great thing about this movie is the characters and I am not talkingonly about Tree. The way that the characters are developed throughoutthe whole movie is brilliant. At first you think that you are going tohate the protagonist and you will be glad every time that she is killedbut man this is not true at all. You end up to love characters thatunder different circumstances you would hate and hate others that youwould usually love. Also for those who say that Tree is stupid and notlovable: That's the whole point in movies that the main idea is thatsomeone relives the same day! It takes a bad character and makes itgood because living this experience makes him/her realize who they havebeen this whole time and who they truly want to be. Bill Murray was nota likable protagonist but I haven't seen anyone complaining about itbecause..... he was played by Bill Murray I guess. Although the moviehas a few of clichés and some plot wholes here and there, it has a verywell constructed plot that makes you question every single character,you don't know who the killer might be since as we mentioned beforeTree is mean to everyone so you would think that most of the peoplewould have at least a reason to kill her. Last thing: The movie has theperfect balance of horror and comedy. It has some very good scares butalso some very good jokes which don't ruin the scary moments and haveyou laughing as like you are watching a comedy or at least me. To sumup I believe that 'Happy Death Day' is a movie that EVERYONE can enjoybecause it's smart funny and scary (horror movie lovers I am going tobe honest you are not going to leave the theater scared but there aresome heart stopping jumbscares and creepy moments that are going togive you a good horror experience). Don't mind the mean reviews. Go tothe cinema and see for yourself if it was good and for me you are notgoing to regret it. It is not a masterpiece but a movie doesn't have tobe a masterpiece to be entertaining and this is the case with this one!