Between visual symmetry and visual disparity, normal logic wouldmandate that the symmetry would be a state of relaxation and assumptionand that the disparity would be a state of scrutiny and tension.In Happy Death Day, visual symmetry and visual disparity fulfil thereverse roles. It's visual symmetry that is a state of nervousness andscrutiny, and it's visual disparity that's a state of assumption andacceptance.A disparity is an inequality, or it's a contradiction. Symmetry is nocontradiction. The issue, therefore, is why is Happy Death Day positingthat no contradiction should be treated as a source of nervousness andtension, and that injustice should be treated as a source of assumptionand acceptance?The movie associates acceptance with inequality, and it associatesequality with nervousness. To be unequal means to be happy, and to beequal means to be distressed. To be unequal means to accept, and to beequal means to question.Investigation has been linked to balance. Assumption has been linked toimbalance. In its own right, a balance is an effort, making animbalance the lack of effort. A balance is work, and no balance is nowork - justice is work, and injustice is no work.In light of this, it would appear that Happy Death Day is exploring thelogic of justice being tantamount to work. Work is a story, meaningthat justice is a story. However, for justice to be a story that meansthat justice requires a victim - which is naturally insane. Andaccording to this, injustice is the insanity of not requiring a victim,because injustice isn't a story.A story requires a victim because of time. A story requires time, andit's time that requires a victim. If justice can get rid of time, thatwould render justice into a force which can tell a story without thecontamination of that story needing a victim. Injustice is the lack oftime, and so the objective is to displace time from the story ofjustice and to project time onto injustice.Justice needs injustice to become time, and for that objective to beaccomplished injustice needs a victim to experience time. Justice hasan objective, however, injustice can't have an objective.An objective needs to be rid of time, and to do this it needs noobjective to become time. The aversion to time needs the lack of timeto welcome time. The lack of time won't be the aversion to time,meaning they'll accept time but not purposefully. Justice has topurposefully get rid of time so that injustice can purposelessly accepttime. Purposefully, not being a victim has to lose time so that being avictim can purposelessly become time - being safe has to lose time onpurpose so that being unsafe can purposelessly experience time.Safety has to choose to not exist so that danger can exist withoutintent - in order for danger to exist indiscriminately, safety has tomake the choice to sacrifice itself.Safety will always mean danger, there's no two ways about this. Safetycan't have it both ways: if safety is real, danger is real. However,safety can make the choice of how it exists and how danger exists.Danger may be inevitable, but unlike safety, danger doesn't have anychoice as to how it exists; even for danger, life is a system of giveand take. By sacrificing itself, safety has the power to govern danger,and to completely suppress its true evil nature of having not just thepower to destroy but the power to destroy with discrimination.For evil, it isn't enough to annihilate; true evil wants to annihilatethe exact same force over and over again, and to annihilate that forcefor no reason whatsoever.Admittedly, goodness giving itself up so as to minimise the powers ofevil feels inadequate; then again, it's the inherent nature of goodnessto be at a deficit of some kind