'HAPPY DEATH DAY' - 2017Directed by Christopher B Landon{Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse}Starring Jessica Rothe{La La Land} and Israel Broussard{Flipped}Plot Overview: ?When a young University student awakens in thedormitory of a complete stranger, she must move through her day untilshe inevitably gets killed off. The catch? She must relive this samefate ever day until she can stop the seemingly omnipotent andomnipresent killer.Going into this film, I expected a low rent slasher with a sillypremise that I could write of a garbage. Well it certainly wasn't that.I was pleasantly surprised with this movie. It's a very fun Halloweenmovie. Don't go into it expecting the next big thing in terms ofhorror, go in expecting a fun comedy with horror elements and I thinkthat you'll enjoy this movie very much.What can I say that I liked about this movie, specifically? Well thetone was excellent. At the start, very few of the jokes hit for me so Igot a little bit worried. But as the film progressed, it became agenuinely good comedy. I tend to like Horror-Comedies because I don'tlike the feeling of being scared, and thus a joke or two helps calm medown. The way they blend the two genres in this movie is almosteffortless. It definitely leans a little more onto the comedy aspectthan horror, which will definitely turn off those who EXPECTED this tobe a horror movie. It's maybe a 1/4 horror movie, 3/4 comedy? Thecreepy and jumpy moments worked, but they were infrequent. With theexception of ONE, jump scares were also non existent in this movie.Thank the lord God for that! But to be fair, the one that they DO usewas pretty effective and worked well. So as a whole, the tone for thismovie was pretty darn excellent.Another aspect of this movie that absolutely deserves praise, isJessica Rothe's performance as a Tree. Sorry, the character's name isTree; the character is unfortunately not a tree. She is, actually, farfrom it. Most horror movies just substitute in a stereotype of acharacter and expect that to work but this movie doesn't. She's thepretty girl but she's also the deluded, sociopath. Seriously! At thestart of this movie, the character Tree is about as likable as theplant one. But Rothe portrayed this character undeniably well. Even inthe latter half of the movie, she portrays the character exceptionallywell and really sells the character's growth.Another actor who appears in this movie was Israel Broussard. Broussardalso gives an excellent performance as Carter. Not only that, but Ialso REALLY buy the romance between Tree and Carter. It doesn't feelforced in the slightest and that is rare for a movie nowadays. Itusually feels wrong when two characters get together in a movie becauseI just cannot see it happening in real life. But thankfully, I did buytheir relationship, and found it to be a very fun and goofy one towatch. Alas, I do definitely have some flaws with this movie. The final 15minutes and the grand reveal were my two main issues. I won't spoileither of course, so you can still enjoy this film. But personally, Ifound the final 15 minutes of this movie to be COMPLETELY unnecessary.So much so that I was getting ready to leave at the climax of the scenebefore that because I thought the film was over. But no. They drag iton an extra 15 minutes and reveal what I predicted to happen. Which wasmy second issue. I predicted the ending BUT only because I was payingREALLY close attention to a scene and, while it may have beeaccidental, they reveal the ending by use of a prop. This may be justme being smart and interpreting it a weird way, or it may have beenintentional, in which case then well done to those who were in chargeof that. It was a very clever way to reveal it, and the people I sawthis film with didn't catch on and I had to tell them about itafterwards. Despite that, I did figure it out so I can't really creditthe reveal as being that good.Something that personally didn't bother me but will bother otherpeople, is the fact that this is not a horror movie by definition. Ithas elements of horror movies, yes. But it is still technically acomedy movie, which is NOT what the trailers suggested at all. So I cancompletely understand if horror fans felt mislead, therefore I do thinkthat they should've either completely changed the marketing campaign ORincluded a LOT more horror elements and creepy scenes. But aside from those flaws, I found this to be a very enjoyable movie.It isn't going to win any awards but I can see it gaining a cultfollowing. It was certainly fun and entertaining and I will definitelyrecommend you go and see it. I'll rate 'Happy Death Day' 6 'CreepyMasks' out of 10!