"Wind River" (2017 release; 107 min.) brings the story of WildlifeOfficer Cory Lambert. As the movie opens, reminding us "Inspired ByActual Events", we briefly see a woman running for her life in thesnow. We then are introduced to Lambert, who is hunting down wolves.Lambert visits his ex, where he picks up his young son for the day.Lambert then visits the parents of his ex, as their life stock has beenattacked, possibly by a lion. In the course of starting hisinvestigation, Lambert finds the frozen body of the woman we sawrunning for her life. Because it looks like a possible homicide, an FBIagent is called. At this point we're 10 min. into the movie, but totell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'lljust have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this movie marks the second directing stint ofhighly praised writer (and erstwhile actor) Taylor Sheridan, whoseprevious two movies, 2015's "Sicario" and last year's "Hell or HighWater", were among the top movie of the year for me. "Wind River" isfor me one of the most anticipated movies of the year, period. With"Wind River", Sheridan goes in a very different direction again ascompared to "Sicario" and "Hell or High Water", digging into a murdermystery, set in an Indian reservation in snow-covered Wyoming. JeremyRenner brings perhaps his finest performance of his career as theWildlife hunter/tracer Cory Lambert, who himself carries a heavysecret. Elizabeth Olsen is Jane Banner, the wide-eyed inexperienced FBIagent who is in way over her head but is determined to do what isright. "You are looking for clues but you are missing all the signs",remarks Lambert early on, and she begs him to help her. And there areplenty of potential suspects--it's not a coincidence that this is setin a community that has more than its share of crime and misery.Sheridan leads with confidence as the tension in the movie rarely letsup. Bottom line: this is another nice movie from Tayalor Sheridan, whoin just a matter of a few years has become one of Hollywood mostaccomplished writer-directors. Can't wait for his next movie,"Soldado", a sequel to "Sicario", to be released next year."Wind River" opened this weekend at my local art house theater here inCincinnati on not one, but two screens, a rarity. The Saturday matinéescreening where I saw this at was attended very nicely for a matinée. Iimagine that "Wind River" will benefit from the strong word-of-mouththat this will surely generate. If you are in the mood for a top-notchmystery drama with some stellar performances, you cannot go wrong with"Wind River" be it in the theater, on VOD or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray."Wind River" is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!