Crime dramas have always been one of my favorite genres of filmmaking,especially the ones that take themselves seriously and pose interestingquestions about life. Wind River takes the genre up in the cold, snowytundra of the Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyoming. Gritty, brutal,and well-timed action, Wind River builds a simply structured crime filminto an important conversation about missing persons with a greatstoryteller and one great cast.Coming from writing the likes of Sicario and Hell or High Water, TaylorSheridan is really making a career for himself. It's hard to imagineit's the same guy who made those short acting cameos in Veronica Marsback in the day, but Sheridan is separating himself from the pack interms of his writing skills. I won't say that Wind River reaches theheights that either of his other two writing efforts did, but the sheerpower of the subject matter of this film may take this film into Oscarseason.Jeremy Renner stars as Corey Lambert, a man with a tragic past, teamswith Jane Banner (an FBI agent played by Elizabeth Olsen) to solve amurder. It's easy to label Banner as the "out of place woman who needsthe help of a hardened man", because it can appear that way at firstglance. But I'll view it as two people who cross paths with each otherand end up working together to better their current situations. It alsodoesn't hurt that both Renner and Olsen have pre- established chemistryfrom the Marvel films, and dynamite together on screen.However, I do believe that Sheridan could have done a slightly betterjob of directing the tone of Wind River. There were times where itseemed the actors were giving endearing performances and monologues,only to be sometimes interrupted by a subtle joke or a lightheartedcomment. I think that just a minor change in direction of his actorswould have changed those moments for the better. With that said,Sheridan's brutal touch of action when the film calls for it isimpressive to say the least. It's those moments that helps put arealistic layer to Wind River.Overall, Wind River is a grounded but moving take on murder, rape, andmissing persons cases. Solid performances, sharp script, and nuancedstorytelling, Wind River is a fascinating crime drama.8.0/10