Bayfield U. co-ed Theresa (Tree) Gelbman (Jessica Rothe) is having abad day in Louisiana. She's living her birthday over and over again àla "Groundhog Day" in which Bill Murry played a Pittsburgh weather­manwhose holiday gig repeated itself every day?only hers has a more tragicending. She shares the same birth­day with her deceased mom; they usedto celebrate it together. We wonder if anyone else shares her Mondaythe 18th celebration.The U.S. Constitution was signed on Sept. 17, 1787. Since in 2017 the17th is on a Sunday, Constitution Day is celebrated on the 18th. Atleast we'd be comparing apples to apples, two designated holidays. Butwhat has Constitution Day got to do with Groundhog Day?In John Trotwood Moore's circa 1897 story, "First Monday in Tennessee",he relates "the origin of First Monday in April, a day now entirelydevoted to the display of livestock, was a kind of feast day in thetemple of Ground-Hogium, celebrated in honor of the termination of theGround-Hog's potent prophecy." People rode their horses to town afterthe six weeks of extended winter was over. "The custom was graduallychanged from Ground-Hog worship to horse swapping." He relates thefestivities: "the pikes are fairly alive with folks, peoples, horses,jacks and nigg'rs. ? that is the order in which they stand socially inTennessee. ? when 'all hands' have reached the classic town ofColumbia, for instance, their first duty is to repair to the nearestbar for a drink. ? When a portly gentle­­man of the first class walksin, his face shining behind a silver grey mustache, ? the best in thehouse is set up. He's folks. But when one of the other class walks in,the bar­keeper peeps over the counter to observe his foot­gear. If hehas on shoes and stockings, the bar­keeper knows his purse will standLincoln County's Medium; if he has on shoes but no stockings, applebrandy from the county of Warren ? is set out; but if, in looking overthe counter, the bar­keeper's eyes meet the sprawling flabbiness of twopo'white feet, bust-head at five cents a glass is what he wants. In nocase is any question asked except, 'How are you shod, partner?'"In "Death Day" Tree wakes up to put on her best evening dress highheels, sans stockings. She goes to a good school but the students arehardly academics, being given over to partying and hookups: strictlymiddle class. Her daddy, though, is shown doing some fine dining at afancy restaurant, where a colored waitress serves the tables. Tree'ssorority had a prejudice against "chocolate milk." Tree's mom had anendearing "horse laugh." Tree did a "Lady Godiva" number sans horse.Those were social liabilities. And at least one jack­ass in the dormdeserved a swat on the ass. Discriminations are rife in this place,which Martin Luther King Jr., who now has his own MLK Day immediatelypreceding Ground­hog Day, would have been dead set against.Schools receiving federal funds are mandated to teach about theConstitution on Constitution Day. Here there's a girl solicitingsignatures against man-made global warming; she's taken as seriously asthe water sprinklers, false car alarm, and stand-till-you-drop stunt,which all follow natural cycles. The homo­sexual who tries to gostraight is not helped either. These are nonstarters here.If we want traction, we need to consider a Mormon sermon set down inOwen Wister's 1895 short story, "A Pilgrim on the Gila": "Don't emptyyour swill in the door-yard, but feed it to your hogs. ? Rotten meat,rotten corn, spoiled milk, the truck that the thought­less folks throwaway, should be used. Their usefulness has not ceased because they'rerotten. ? nothing is meant to be wasted in this world. ? Waste it bythe threshold it becomes deadly, and a curse." The food tray spilled bythe dining sorority was not cleaned up right away, and Tree tosses heruneaten cupcake in her dorm room's open trash can. Festering food canbe deadly. "That sagacious patriarch told his flock the things ofweek-day wisdom down to their level, the cleanly things next togodliness." To complete the cleanliness with godliness dyad, there'salso a lesson against committing adultery, sleeping with one'sprofessor to skate with good grades.These were the two things the Christian community held against MLK: hemarched without a parade permit, spewing trash that the city was notprepared to clean up, and he was a well-known womanizer. But by thetime Constitution Day rolls around, MLK Day is already forgotten.Relating it to Goundhog Day makes it still relevant.Article IV, Section 2, ¶ 3 of the US Constitution mandates the returnof escaped slaves to their owner even from free states if need be. Thiswas obviated by the 13th Amendment that abolished slavery. However,ratification required ¾ of the states' approval, and some southernstates were occupied until they consented, making that approvalnon-voluntary. If MLK could be considered still subject to slavery?hewas, after all, highly worried?, then his birthday replacing halves ofboth Llincoln's & Washington's would place him in the position of:(Prov. 30: 21-22) "the earth is disquieted, ? and cannot bear: for aservant when he reigneth." Having the days out of whack would qualifyfor this disruption. Q.E.D.When Tree's friend Carter (Israel Broussard) turns to help her, we seeher in good hands, Carter having been the last president before Reaganinstituted MLK Day.I loved "Groundhog Day", having seen it 13 times on the big screen. Isaw "Happy Death Day" on Friday the 13th, in House 13 of the multiplex.The number 13 was not wasted on this movie. The acting was all adequateto the plot. It incorporated the best of "Groundhog Day" while notbeing entirely redundant. It has my hearty recommendation.