Some friends invited me for a horror mystery thriller movie, so allfine by me.But then, the film started.... This was no horror film. Most of themovie felt like American Pie having the naked scenes replaced with someserial killer slaying again and again the same person without anyobvious reason(or any reason whatsoever as I realized in the end).Anyway, the actors were not memorable. Their acting skills were okay. Iguess they would seem as something more to a teenager and this is why Iam amazed by the number of good reviews this film got. The plot movesalong in a totally predictable manner. We see repeatedly the same dayof a rich sorority girl waking up in the room of some guy who was kindenough to pick up her pieces after she got wasted the night before.Then she goes on her day and gets killed in slightly different mannerevery night. Then wakes up at the guys dorm again and everything startshappening again until she finally realizes that she is trapped in atriangle-like situation. The theme is one we know all too well,sonothing much to expect there(so much for the thriller and mystery). Theprotagonist tries to explore some ways of solving the "mystery" butdrops them all really fast so we see pretty much more of the same withtiny variations,while she tries to act all scared and panicked. Eachmorning finds her more screamy than the one before and the in-the-mean-time- reactions make things a bit funny or cringy. Certainlynot scary or thrilling.The main problem with this movie is that it tries to pass itself assome horror,mystery film while it's a comedy- crime/light mystery, ifit has to be called something. It's a total joke of a horror movie. Andit would be amusing if it was advertised as such. You cringe,you laughbut you certainly don't feel any threat at any point. And that'sunderstandable since you have little time to learn anything about anyof the characters. What do we know? She dates and sleeps around,notsurprising for a sorority girl. She gets scared when they try to killher, but that's a normal reaction for any human being. After relivingthe same thing over and over she decides to stop repeating her actionsand explore other possibilities, so nothing really interesting hereeither.In the end we had a movie with much more laughter than the amountjustified for a horror film,no plot,not a deep mystery,in contrast towhat we expected and no interesting characters. But we still managed tohave some fun with this thrash dialogue film. Not really worth seeing.