Although the core narrative is not original by any stretch, there aregood reasons for liking this lightweight foray into the slasher genre.There are some original elements incorporated into the hoary oldGroundhog Day chestnut ? just enough dusting and polishing to make youforgive the pillaging. It doesn't aim for the same conceptual depth of,say, Timecrimes (2007), Triangle (2009), The Butterfly Effect (2004) orEdge of Tomorrow (2014) but it does manage to incorporate a niftymurder mystery thread into the time-loop motif and the execution feelsa deal fresher than it probably should. Bratty, morally challenged and egocentric frat girl Tree (JessicaRothe) finds herself living her birthday over and over again, each dayending with her murder at the hands of a masked stalker. All she has todo is find out the identity of her killer and avoid being killed inorder to break the cycle. The film is not hard core or extreme in anysense that might apply to the bulk of modern slasher flicks. There areno real scares, there is no excess of blood and guts, no explicitviolence, no torture porn or gratuitous sexual activity or nudity. Sowhat does it have going for it? It's engaging, mildly funny in places and generally quite likable.Jessica Rothe is winningly cute in the lead. And not in a painfullyforced or superficial way. Her gradual transition from selfish andself-absorbed sorority bitch to a more enlightened and humane personais skilfully handled. You start out thinking she pretty much deservesher fate and then end up rooting for her to succeed. Rothe plays itjust right and you can't help liking her. She is one of the mostrounded and sympathetic female leads in a slasher movie since Jamie LeeCurtis in Carpenter's original Halloween (1978). In fairness, most ofthe cast deliver in terms of injecting some level of believability andpersonality into their rather clichéd stock characters. HDD deserves credit for some stylish camera-work and editing ? both ofwhich are tight, smart and in some places strikingly unusual. The keyemphasis is on taking a well-worn concept, playing around with it andhaving fun. And that's what you've got here, a fun genre piece thatdoesn't take itself seriously and entertains for the running time.Unlike Scream it doesn't lose itself in self-reverential satire andadmiration for it's own cleverness in ragging on genre tropes, and isall the better for it. It doesn't do anything ground-breaking or jolting, won't set the worldon fire, and anyone expecting a visceral thrill-ride is more thanlikely to feel short-changed. But, I found it enjoyable enough, eventhough I'm far removed ? very far removed ? from its target audience.And I must add that I was wrong-footed by the ending, fully expectingthe stock horror movie twist which isn't really a twist anymore ? theone where you think everything's OK but suddenly evil triumphs. Thetwist this time around was a bit different to what I'd resigned myselfto. And Groundhog Day does get a belated name check. So all in all, not bad, just about happy enough.