The man who penned the screenplays for 'Hell or High Water' and'Sicario' - Taylor Sheridan, follows it up with a little gem titled'Wind River', where he is also making his directorial debut insensational fashion.The film is essentially about a rape and murder of a young native-American woman in the Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyoming, USA andhow it brings together U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent CoryLambert (Jeremy Renner) and FBI agent Jane Banner (Elizabeth Olsen)along with the town Sheriff, for the investigation. What's appreciable about 'Wind River' is how the writer/director allowsthe film to run its course in building the lead characters whilemaintaining a certain level of suspense. The weather is harshly cold,with blizzards coming in at the oddest of times, and environmentalclues showing signs of obscurity unless decisions are taken quickly.Cory has a tragic past of his own that connects well with theproceedings in the present, making him half bad-ass hunter and halfbrooding dad. Olsen plays her part of the rookie agent well too, herexpressions bang on target when she sees the victim's mom hurtingherself and when she hears the sorrowful cries of the victim's dad. I liked how Sheridan made Cory speak out loud about his tragedy,allowing Jeremy Renner to showcase his solid acting skills, rather thanspoonfeed the audience through lazily done flashback sequences. A latecameo from Jon Bernthal is a welcome change from his recent eccentricoutings. The writing is as solid as it can get, and the narrative flowseamless. The 'cowboy' vibe is quite apparent, especially in the earlyscenes featuring Cory and his son. Plus, Cory deals with the baddiesjust like he's handling his quarry. Sheridan tries to raise a valid point with respect to the uncertaintyin the 'missing-case statistics' of native Americans through extremelyintrospective story-telling. He voices his judgement against offendersin the most cinematically-satiating approach. Gil Birmingham, who playsthe victim's father, gets to act out a few well-written scenes(especially the one at the very end). A few loose ends could have been sealed off better: there's a mentionof a friend who dropped off the victim at the location where the crimetook place - never to be seen or mentioned anywhere else. Also, thestate of relationship between Cory and his wife was largely painted inshades of ambiguity. Nonetheless, these minuscule drawbacks should notdeter you from giving 'Wind River' a watch as Sheridan is arguably oneof the best yarn-spinners of our times.Verdict: Superb character-driven thriller!