They say living well's the best revenge but there's also something verysatisfying about good ol' bloody revenge itself, at least in themovies. ?Wind River" takes us back in the tough working-class Americanain the middle of nowhere that often makes for an exciting drama and/oraction. The people are tough and bitter, nobody plays around, thepunches are thrown hard, and even the strongest characters edge at thebrink of darkness. A game tracker (Jeremy Renner) teams with FBI agent(Elisaberth Olsen) to investigate a murder that occurred on a NativeAmerican reservation. There's a bunch of smaller characters around butit's very much about them two, or rather the tracker guy alone. If youhave seen (among others) ?Winter's Bone", ?A Single Shot", ?Justified"or any other story of this type, you can already guess what you're infor. I would compare ?Wind River" mostly to 2013's ?A Single Shot"starring Sam Rockwell, this being mostly about one unlikely male herowho has to take matters into his own hands, with a little excitingviolence in the end. And both are also about mental and physicalisolation, and solving stuff alone. Having written that, an early Nolanwork ?Insomnia" also sprung to mind for comparison, which was myfavorite Nolan until the mighty ?Dunkirk" arrived. The movie's mostlyabout building ? characters, their state of mind, sense of place, mood,suspense. The aim is not to dispense fast pleasures or easilydigestible entertainment, and there's no need for that, because onceyou are able to invest yourself in the story, you'll probably agreethat screenwriter and debuting director Taylor Sheridan is very able topull it all off. Everybody's not gonna be happy about how they havebuilt up the explosive finale, but I liked it. No problems with thatkind of approach, at least in this case. Acting is very good allaround, with delicate, nuanceful, and well measured performances fromeverybody from the central hero to the smallest characters on-screen.?Wind River" is a cool directorial debut from Taylor Sheridan, who haspreviously acted in TV but also written screenplays for ?Sicario" and?Hell or High Water", both unfortunately unwatched by me (and mostothers) so far. But both have received encouraging word of mouth, and?Wind River" makes me want to see these even more. It's a good TVseries quality drama, which is highest honor an American movie canreceive in 2017. Bleak and depressing but ultimately satisfying stuff.