Happy Death Day Review By Jordan WhittenPlot: A college student must relive the day of her murder over and overagain, in a loop that will end only when she discovers her killer'sidentity.Although the concept and idea was a copy of Groundhog day, it turnedout to be a thrilling, mysterious and intense film with loads of dramaand action. However, does that make it a good movie? I guess we'll findout more in this review of Happy Death Day.The first thing I will say about this movie is that it is more funnierthan scary. So if you're not a big fan of scary horror movies, there isliterally nothing to be afraid of. You only encounter really 1 jumpscare which is debatably scary, whether you are faint-hearted/timidperson you would we quite frightened. The movie Happy Death Day featured the main character Tree Gelbman(Jessica Rothe) and secondary main characters: Carter Davis (IsraelBroussard), Lori Spengler (Ruby Modine), and Gregory Butler (CharlesAitken). Without a doubt the acting was great. Few errors were spottedthroughout the whole motion picture. So no complaints there.Other than that, the film felt like it was dragging on forever and itwas never going to end. Considering it kept showing the same scenesover and over again which gradually got boring. Just when you thinkTree might live to the next day, she doesn't, and that could really getyou on your nerves and it frustrated me at one point in the movie.However, at the end of the movie when Tree finally discovered who hermurderer is, I felt so relieved. After all the build up it all turnedout to be quite useful in the end. It made the audience feel ecstatic.The film really keeps you guessing who the murderer is, I think it isan excellent movie in the mystery genre. I urged to discover who thekiller was, I think it was it was killing me more than it was killingtree.In conclusion, I personally think the movie is good, not great oramazing but just plain good. There were a couple faults I found in themovie, but there was also some really good things that happened in thefilm. It also shares some life lessons which is kinda neat. If you aregoing to see this motion picture, do not expect it to be a full onhorror movie that will keep you on your feet. Although it does seemthat away in the trailer, it's actually a really fun movie with JessicaRothe saying a few funny jokes here and there. Happy Death Day isnothing that I expected it to be and I like that, hopefully you do too.Personal Rating: 6.4/10 Is it worth watching: YES