Taylor Sheridan makes his case for being one of the best workingscreenwriters today with "Wind River," his third script to make it tothe screen in three years and the first of the three that he'sdirected.Like "Sicario" and "Hell or High Water" before it, "Wind River" is acrime thriller that draws heavily upon setting and environmentalfactors ? and the political, economic and social consequences of thesefactors ? to tell a story. In particular, Sheridan is fascinated bysituations where lawlessness thrives and what happens when the systemsbelieved to protect us make us vulnerable to desperate, dangerouslymotivated and often morally corrupted people.In "Wind River," that context is the Wind River Indian Reservation inWyoming. With complicated jurisdiction issues on top of its remotelocation, the effectiveness of law enforcement on Native American landhas a limit, opening these regions up to violent crime that goesunpunished. Sheridan takes these circumstances and crafts such aneffective genre story that its basis in truth is all the more appallingand soul-stirring.A straight-forward murder mystery, "Wind River" depicts the unfoldingof events when a wild animal tracker (Jeremy Renner) discovers a youngwoman dead in the snow. When the FBI sends a young agent (ElizabethOlsen) in from Las Vegas to investigate who obviously has no knowledgeof the region, he offers to help, even though the case tugs at anunsolved crime in his personal past.Because no murder mystery could be straightforward in such a desolateand dangerous place, Sheridan equips this classic crime thriller storywith numerous wrinkles and abrupt twists that directly result from theunusual circumstances of solving a crime on a Native Americanreservation filled with mountain lions in snowy Wyoming. But most ofall, he fills out the script with character moments that speak to theemotional consequences of these unusual circumstances as well.Renner's character, Cory, for example, could have just been the coldand calculated tracker who propels the intrigue of the plot, but Corywas once married to a woman from the reservation and has deep personalties to the people there. Olsen also could've been the classic naïvein-over-her-head officer, but much like the similar role Emily Bluntplayed in "Sicario," she's constantly reckoning her own understandingof the world with the headaches and horrors of this case. Both actorsdo some of their absolute best work in this film, and it's definitelyRenner's finest performance.Sheridan's script deserves a lot of that credit. The way he sees theworld and articulates the ideas he pulls from his stories throughdialogue borders on poetry. A scene in which Cory gives the father ofthe murdered woman (Gil Birmingham) advice on how to grieve is deeplymoving and will feel frighteningly truthful to anyone who has ever lostsomeone. He gives his characters such powerful words to process thethemes of the film that every key emotional scene feels like adiscovery of some new rich meaning and perspective on life. At anymoment his writing could become too much, and some might argue it does,but the rest of the film holds fast behind it.Although his greenness hardly impacts the film, Sheridan has room togrow as a director. The story had the potential to feel even moodierand more atmospheric and connect the viewer even deeper into thenarrative through visuals, and Sheridan just never takes that extrastep visually. Someone like "Sicario" director Denis Villeneuvewould've absolutely nailed it; Sheridan is just a little toostraightforward ? he buries us up to our waists in snow and with alittle more experience or the right director, we might have gone up toour necks. Still, the difference is negligible; maybe just betweenbeing a great film and being a Best Picture frontrunner.Above all else, "Wind River" has the trappings of an important filmgiven its subject matter and the issues it raises. It's a movie thatshould be seen and talked about, especially because so many of thepeople it depicts are not.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more