Seen a trailer for this one while going to a screen of 47 Meters Down!At first, the trailer looked like a stupid comedy film, but as soon asthe horror elements started & the Blum House production came up withfrom the makers that brought you The Purge, Paranormal Activity, etc!Etc! I sat up immediately & paid attention! Usually when you see theBlum House logo & the films they've made, you know these films areusually pretty ace! This was one of those films which you never sawcoming, like I looked up a list of upcoming horror films for this year(Horror Buff Alert!) & never even saw this one on that list! It wasalso around the time where I thought, oh well I've seen all the horrorsfor this year & then... BAM! This one appears! Ace!So the film utilises the sparingly used Groundhog Day formula for theconcept of this Horror film which follows a young sorority girl,Teresa, who is rude, selfish & a complete arse to everyone she comesinto contact with. On the day of her birthday, an unknown killermurders her, resting the day all over again! It then occurs to her thateverything she notices happened before & it's then when it happens asecond & third time, she realises someone is out to kill her, but shehas an unlimited supply of lives to try & find out who her killer is &why this person wants to kill her!The story-line was pretty good! I knew what the set-up was going to belike when watching the trailer, but had yet to see the full lengththings to see exactly what happens through-out the film when & where &how she discovers the killers true identity! The kills in the film were average, not amazing. But they were average!I felt this film lacked in the gore factor quite a bit. It could'vebeen more on the bloody side of things in order for it to be moreslasher like! In fact, I'd say this would've been more a mystery &thriller film alone, had it not been for the mask & other horrorselements!The ending I never saw coming! One reviewer said it was obvious, yeahright! It was so un-obvious! I never seen it coming & found it to bequite a surprise although the part before it had me questioning if thatwas it! You'll know what I mean when you go watch it...!The overall film as a whole was pretty epic & I did enjoy it! Itreminded me of Scream in a lot of places! Though it lacked the blood,it was still a pretty solid horror film with some great themes goingon! Not to mention the Groundhog Day formula with a horror theme lacedinto it! It was perfect!Overall, a solid Horror Film! 8/10