"Snow and silence". This bit of revealing dialogue comes close to theend. Someone in the audience who has experienced, say, 40 below (whichhappens to be the converging figure for F and C measurements) may havea little more empathy with this movie.The movie is based on a true story, as pointed out at the beginning.Yet, unlike others, the true story here is not one of thosestranger-than-fiction variations, but a crime that happens often. Themost outrageous thing is that, as intimated at the ending credit, thereis not even statistics available for it."Wind River" is a native Indian reserve in Montana, at such an altitudethat it's almost perpetually covered in snow. Cory Lambert (JeremyRenner), a "hunter" (an alternative name for a forest ranger, Isuppose), stumbles across the dead body of an 18-year-old native girlin the snow. As Reserves are under FBI jurisdiction, an agent is calledto the scene. Agent Jane Banner (Elizabeth Olsen) turns out to be ayoung woman who is somewhat green, at least from her young looks.However, she shows good sense right away in recruiting Cory's help. While not unexpectedly, the victim's father Martin (Gil Birmingham) isinitially somewhat hostile towards Jane, he breaks down when Cory showsup. Hinted earlier, it is now evident that Cory's daughter, a goodfriend of the victim and a child of inter-racial marriage, died undersimilar circumstances three years ago. Cory shares his own experiencein grieving with Martin: you have to accept the pain, in order to keepher in your mind (something to that effect).The next step of the investigation hits a small road-block. While thecoroner is "on their side" as explained by the world-weary but friendlylocal sheriff Ben (Graham Greene) to Jane, he cannot sign off the caseas murder. There is clear evidence of beating and rape but the cause ofdeath is the effect of running six miles in sub-zero air on thevictim's lungs. I'll stop here. This is not a whodunnit mystery. Therevelation, when it comes about two-third through the movie, is a smallpleasant surprise, in the way how it is handled: a flashback showingwhat happened, via a neat little montage of a knock on a door. Thedelight is in the technique. The revelation itself is revolting. Renner gives a contained, solid performance of a man who has grown upin a hostile environment and suffered a devastating personal lost. Atthe beginning of the movie, he picks their young son up from hisdivorced wife (an amiable separation, it would appear) to spend a fewdays with him. Teaching his son to ride a horse, he instructs: begentle to him, until he tells you not to. This small lesson says a lotabout what Cory has to contend with all his life. With emotions alwayswell contained, Cory's grim determination is formidable, and he isprepared not to play by the rules. Even law officers, both Jane andBen, eventually come to see his point. While a tad melodramatic, thereis an undeniable satisfaction seeing poetic justice carried out to thefullest at the end, despite the law. Renner's measured performancerenders fully alive this taciturn character that on the surface doesnot appear to have a lot of life.Olsen who first caught the movie-going mass's attention as an Avengerssuperhero has a chance in this movie to show what she is capable of.Making good use of it, she walks a thin line between an inexperiencedgreenhorn and a professional that earns people's respect. While shestarts out not exactly with commanding authority (her imposing FBIstatus notwithstanding) she approaches the case and the people involvedwith level-headed proficiency. She defers to Cory's uncontestedexperience in this hostile surrounding with business sense, but notunnecessary modesty. It is towards the end, during a tension-filled,gun-drawn face-off between two power groups that Jane shows her trueworth, deftly using authority combined with persuasion to force a standdown. Olsen beautifully portrays this young woman with genuinecompassion for fellow human beings as well as impeccable competence.Jane happens to be an FBI agent but we have no hesitation in believingthat she will shine in any other profession. A memorable support character is Ben, as portrayed by Graham Greene, aman who has all his life been learning to live with frustration. Whenasked by Jane to wait for backups, he quips "we are not in the land ofbackups; we are in the land of you are on your own". Yet,world-wearied, Ben is not without feelings. He recognises very quicklythat despite her youthful appearance, Jane knows exactly what she isdoing, and treats her accordingly, with friendly respect.This movie is not without brief moments of humour. Jane ride behindCory on his snow mobile to get around in the investigation. Thefollowing exchange occurs after they have come to know each other alittle better: "Tomorrow, do we really need to go at 80 kilos per hour?" "No, not if you don't mind falling into ditches that we may otherwiseavoid". "You win". (something like that)