A snobby, college babe named Tree (played fiercely by Jessica Rothe)relives the same day over and over again by getting murdered via afellow student. Tree's mission then becomes to find her killer and atthe same time, try to be a better, overall person in the process.That's the rub of Happy Death Day, my latest review. So OK, I gotta hand it to "Day". Despite having a tiny budget, unknownactors, and being minuscule in scope, this film has grossed over $78million worldwide. That's pretty impressive. Yeah you probably won'tdeem it unforgettable the moment you leave the theater (I know Ididn't). However, there are worse ways to spend five to ten bucks on acold, November afternoon (or are there?).Now if you've read the reviews, caught the opening Universal Pictureslogo repeating itself, or have already seen Happy Death Day all the waythrough, you'll know that it apes 1993's Groundhog Day (obviousnessreeks havoc as Bill Murray's name is attached in a wink wink ending).You can also throw in Edge of Tomorrow, facets of a 90's teen comedy,and Wes Craven's Scream for "Day's" manifest inspiration.All in all, "Day" is nifty, campy, and devoid of being too grave. It'salso restrained as a so-so horror film (hence the PG-13 rating). Withminimal gore, side characters that range from dopey to spiteful, abland gimmick of die/repeat, and some slight humor, Happy Death Daynever feels scary or amusing enough (that honor would go to JohnCarpenter's Halloween).Sure there's a whodunit element that keeps you guessing and directorChristopher B. Landon profusely adds layers to his plot. Nevertheless,I can't quite go with a recommendation. Landon never times his sceneswith Tree's 9-plus lives to make complete sense. His troupers aroundher find their marks but not every "Groundhog Day" effect feels totallyin sync. Oh and I almost forgot, the editing in "Day" is swift andpainless yet you don't know why Tree is going through the skewed, timecontinuum in the first place. Bewildered was my first and foremostthought.Typically, low budget scare fests find a way to be successfulfinancially. With Happy Death Day, I get why fright fans salivated foran October release but I don't understand all the monetary love here.Rating: 2 stars.