Wind River is a film written and directed by Taylor Sheridan. Iremember watching his previously written ventures Sicario and Hell andHigh Water, but those two didn't give a blow to me. This film does andin the most realistic way possible. I saw the film with not muchexpectations but I after watching it I have a certain respect for thisfilm.Plot: Jane and Cory try to find out the killer of a Native Americanteenager whose body is found on ice.Story and direction: The film starts off with a very good poem aboutmeadows. Although I thought that this was just done to get the grooveof the film going on, it's somewhat later that I realized the reasonfor that poem. As the film progresses and we are introduced to ourcharacters and the main crux of the story, we see the inner pain somecharacters have gone through. The backstory given to these charactersis quite emotional. I could resonate with the kind of sadness they arefacing. And then we get to see government regulations that restrictpeople to certain extent. That thing was quite beautifully shown. Thatwasn't forced as done in normal films. As for faults, I did find thefinal act to be quiet rushed and left quite open ended. But that's justme being a bit nit picky.Performances: Jeremy Renner was the show-stealer in this film for me.As his character Cory enters the film, you could see the anguish andguilt on his face. Elizabeth Olsen was also good which I didn't expectfrom her. Her character of being introduced to some new things in hersociety was great. And she emoted the character to the T. The rest ofthe supporting characters were great too.Favorite Scene: It would be the scene where Cory tries to comfortMartin about his daughter's loss as Cory had also lost her own daughtertoo. And the thing that he said about the good news and bad news wereactually the ones that affected me a lot. Also immediately after Martintells Cory to find the person who did this to her daughter. There youcan see a father's anguish and pain.Verdict: Beware, that this film is not for the faint hearted. This filmhas some very disturbing things that his you very hard. The film isextremely dark. Hats off to Taylor and team for pulling off a gutsysubject like this.I am going to go with a 9/10.