Sure, this movie has some stuff going for it. The scenery is beautiful,cinematography is fine, Jeremy Renner is a likable guy, Elizabeth Olsenis pretty, and the local cop/sheriff (played by Graham Greene) is abelievable character who acts like an actual human being. Too bad he'sthe only one. Wind River - even more so than Hell or High Water(written by the same guy) - is filled with dialogue where people talkin metaphors, where there's always a deeper meaning to what they say,in other words, it doesn't sound like normal, everyday people talkingto each other. If they only did that in certain key moments, it wouldbe fine, it could work if that's what the story demands. But whenthat's all you hear throughout the whole film, it becomes pretentiousand irritating. Also, I'm tired of the notion that certain movies feel the need to hityou over the head with their social commentary. When the young femaleFBI agent arrives, everybody is surprised, obviously because they don'tthink a woman is fit for the job (aka sexism). When they arrive at thehome of the native American family, the father asks the FBI agent: "Whyis it that whenever you people want to help us, you always insult usfirst?" (Because that's what white people always do, I guess.) When theIndian boy, who sells drugs, gets caught and confronted by JeremyRenner, the conversation is about him fighting against the whole world,and how Jeremy Renner shouldn't say "we", because the only nativeAmerican thing about him is his wife. And if that's not enoughlecturing for you, then wait for Elizabeth Olsen thanking Jeremy Rennerfor saving her life, and Renner replying by saying, "you're a toughwoman, you saved your own life". Obviously the problem is not the ideaof "strong women", but the fact that instead of making it a naturalpart of the story and the characters, the director decides to shove itdown our throats through such clumsy, heavy- handed dialogue.There's a shoot-out scene towards the end of the movie, that I thought,was written and executed pretty poorly. First of all, at one point Icouldn't even tell who's on whose side, and who gets shot by who. Itfelt like they tried to recreate the amazing border shoot-out scenefrom Sicario (also written by the same guy), only this time in thesnow. The problem is that we don't know anything about most of thepeople who are in this scene, as they were just introduced two minutesearlier, but all of a sudden we're supposed care whether they live ordie. Anyway, if you're a huge Jeremy Renner or Elizabeth Olsen fan, youmight as well go and check it out, but be prepared, it's not a verygood one.