3 is as generous as I can get on this review.I think most people, like me, wanted to like this movie because itinvolves A) violence against women, and B) a depiction of NativeAmerican hardship. By liking the movie, you indirectly show yoursupport for the causes, as it were.The movie was just not good. It started well enough, and I was notdissuaded by the slow pace.Wheels fell off when - SPOILERS AFTER HERE - Jane shoots the young manin the trailer. Totally unnecessary scene, and totally unrealistic. Askyourself this - what are the odds that a cop investigating a murderends up in a trailer with a guy who has done nothing wrong, but yetopens fire on the cop and ends up getting shot? How about close tozero? So now with the wheels off a fire breaks out to burn theremaining structure down when there is a Mexican stand off (no slightintended - I don't believe that's pejorative) among 10 different people- Jane, the Tribal cop, two Star-Trek-Orange-Suit guys they bringalong, and 5 or 6 of the drilling crew guys, all of whom are armed tothe teeth. Everybody's got a gun drawn, and everybody's yelling to calmdown and back off. Finally, Jane, in a terrible alpha dog voice, claimsrank with her FBI status and tells everybody to put weapons away. Butthen a guy with what appears to be an auto open fire from inside wherethe guy who actually raped the girl is, and all hell breaks loose, withbullets flying everywhere, Star-Trek guys and Tribal cop get killed,but Jane survives, aided by Hurt Locker/Hawkeye, who then exacts yourdesired blood lust revenge by making bad guy run in snow until he dies,which ends up being a hundred feet and well short of the dead girl'ssix mile run in the snow, which, I think, is supposed to show us howtough she was? Ug. Awful, awful stuff. Had a chance to be very good,then made the critical mistake of going to what they probably believedwere tried-and-true tropes, which did not fit the story at all.Also, a bunch of guys beating their friend to death because he wouldn'tlet them molest his girl seems very far fetched.Just not good.EDITED TO ADD - sound track may have been the worst sound track I'veevery experienced as a movie goer. Did not fit the scenes. Awful.