Saw 'Happy Death Day' as somebody who was fascinated by the concept,found the advertising interesting and good enough to warrant a view andwho appreciates horror when done well. Seeing it just before Halloweenas part of my Halloween celebrations, will admit to not being as bowledover by the film as would have liked but enjoying it a good deal.As surprisingly interesting as the advertising was (and there has beensome dreadful advertising this year, a notable recent example being thecompletely mis-marketed 'Geostorm'), it is also misleading. One wouldexpect a truly frightening film judging from the trailers, but actually'Happy Death Day' happened to be much more than what was indicated andwasn't what one would call terrifying orsleep-with-the-light-on-for-a-week. The good news is that 'Happy DeathDay' actually makes the most of its concept, refreshing having seenfilms recently that had concepts that they didn't do anywhere nearenough with. The not so good news is that as enjoyable as it was it didfeel like something was missing.It is easy to see why lots of people will like, and have liked 'HappyDeath Day'. It is just as easy to see why it will be, and has been, alet-down for others. My opinion has shades of both, leaning towards theformer. 'Happy Death Day' may be somewhat standard (while the conceptis a pretty unique one, some of the story elements aren't), superficial(other than the lead character, the characters are developed veryflimsily) and some parts don't make as much sense as they could andfeel unfinished.Was expecting more from the killer twist reveal, which is not as cleverand surprising as one would like and the whole ending felt rather sillyand rushed to me (the killer's motive also came over as really trivialfor an elaborate set-up). A little slow to begin with too, it's oncethe concept kicks in when 'Happy Death Day' properly comes to life andmaintains that energy for the rest of the film.For all those faults though, 'Happy Death Day' is also refreshinglyself-aware, almost very much aware of its standard-ness andsuperficiality and acknowledges it, and manages to be lots of fun,creepy-suspenseful and surprisingly thought-provoking. Gruesomely funnysums it up very well.'Happy Death Day' is a long way from amateurish visually, thephotography is stylish rather than slapdash, the editing has suitablyunnerving moments and the lighting is atmospheric. Christopher Landonnever lets it get too heavy while not diluting the fun or scares, andthe at times haunting and at others times funky soundtrack adds a lot.When it comes to the script, 'Happy Death Day' is full of knowinghumour and never removes its tongue from its cheek, instead keeping itfirmly intact throughout which proved to come off really well. It alsoreally makes one think. The story execution is not perfect, but it'snever dull and has some neat twists and turns that stops it from beingpredictable and repetitive.Jessica Rothe should become a bigger star after her excellent lead turnhere, she has been acting a few years before this but this is the firsttime where she really held my attention and allowed me to take propernotice of her. Israel Broussard is also very believable and the twohave great chemistry together. The acting on the whole is solid butessentially it's all about Rothe and she is one of the main reasons why'Happy Death Day' is worth a viewing.Overall, a long way from perfect but quite enjoyable. 6/10 Bethany Cox