Having written brilliant scripts for Sicario and Hell or High Water,Taylor Sheridan tries his hand at directing with Wind River, of whichhe also wrote. It is clear now that Sheridan has a unique talent forcreating harsh and isolating landscapes (both somatically andmentally), and for writing engaging narratives based on such settings. Wind River is the setting for the film's story. An American IndianReservation in Wyoing, this is where wildlife hunter officer CoryLambert (Jeremy Renner) discovers the body of a young Native Americanwoman Natalie Hanson (Kelsey Asbille). She is found barefoot and hardlywith any warm winter clothes on. Upon much examination, Cory deducesthat she died as a result of a condition called pulmonary haemorrhage.In less scientific terms, that is bleeding from the lungs, caused hereby breathing in too much cold air too soon. Cory is joined by young FBI agent Jane Banner (Elizabeth Olsen), who issent to Wind River to investigate Natalie's death. She is ill- equippedand clueless about surviving the harsh conditions of Wind River but sheis determined to solve the crime. Cory and Jane make an effective teamtogether, as both can relate to Natalie's death in their own way. Corylost his daughter a few years ago and her body was also discovered inthe snow. Jane is perceived as young and vulnerable, much like Natalie.They found a clue that Natalie's boyfriend Matt (Jon Bernthal), whoworks as a security guard at an oil drilling site may have someinformation. The film is effective at slowly building up curiosity and Sheridanfinds the impeccable balance between character development andstorytelling. For most of the film, it carries a pervasive sinistertranquility, which is later interrupted by sudden outbursts ofviolence. Despite the uncensored brutality of the violence, for us, thechilling factor lies in the profound psychological impact. As we foundout what happened to Natalie through a cleverly placed flashback, it isabsolutely terrifying. Having been introduced and acquainted to theunforgiving nature of the winter landscape, we wonder what could pushNatalie so far that she would flee outside, barefoot. Although it isanticipated something dreadful is going to happen, I still couldn'thelp but feeling sick to the stomach. Wind River is portrayed as a land with vast open spaces. Normally, thiswould usually signify freedom and free will, but we feel trapped andvery claustrophobic. Sheridan also adds another emotional layer wherehe deals with themes of loss and despair. It doesn't feel entirelyhopeless, as he injects some degree of warmth and sensitivity into thestory. Natalie's father Martin (Gil Birmingham) is a friend of Cory's,and together they navigate through the tremendous grief of losing theirdaughters. Both men have been hardened by the external environment theyreside in, but within, they are gentle and deeply lost. They are menwho are not afraid to express their grief, and are desperately tryingto scavenge enough hope to live through the next day. What I realised in this film is that everything that happens isconsequential. The unrelentingly cruel environment imposes disturbingeffects on the human psyche, which in turn transforms man intounleashing terror. Tragedy strikes, and the overwhelming grief thenleads man into unpredictable acts. Who here is the true evil? Is it thescathing coldness of the landscape around us or does it merely reflectour true nature? The film doesn't really answer these questions, but itis definitely some food for thought.