If you weren't already aware going into Wind River of just who is thebrains behind this tough, tense and distinctly masculine drama, then itwon't take very long for you to guess that it is Taylor Sheridan, theso-hot-right-now scribe behind the likes of Sicario and Hell or HighWater. Rounding off his trilogy based around the American frontier,Sheridan directs for the first time here, and proves to be as equallyadept with bringing his work to life as he is with penning it. To dubhim the new Cormac McCarthy may be slightly condescending to thetalented writer, but the comparisons are certainly there to be made.This is the world of tough, lean men doing what they have to do inorder to survive or get by in their increasingly dire economicsurroundings, and it's certainly a setting Sheridan feels comfortablein, or at least wishes he was part of.While Sicario placed us in the terrifying, claustrophobic choke-hold ofthe Mexican drug cartels and Hell or High Water delivered outlawhi-jinks with serious social and economic undertones, Wind River is amovie of quiet, simmering tension played out against the backdrop ofthe freezing, desolate mountains of Wyoming. Hard times have come tothe titular Indian Reservation and the surrounding areas, but so littleapparently occurs here that a police force of over 6 officers istrusted with covering an area the size of a large city. When a youngNative American girl (Kelsey Asbille) is found barefoot and dead in thesnow 5 miles from the nearest residence, the minuscule department findthemselves clearly ill-equipped for the investigation. The girl diedfrom suffocating on the blood in her lungs, brought on by the sub- zerotemperature, but she has also been raped. The man who found her, U.S.Fish and Wildlife Service agent Cory Lambert (Jeremy Renner), uses hisknowledge and experience as a hunter to start making connections.Renner has spent so many years in superhero costumes or starring inforgettable, little-seen box-office under-performers that it's easy toforget just how he made the jump from supporting character actor toleading man material. In movies like The Hurt Locker and The Town, hedemonstrated an uncanny skill at playing introverted charactersemotionally scarred by past experiences. Yes, he was an outrightpsychopath in Ben Affleck's thrilling The Town, but it always felt likehe was masking something deeper. Lambert is living with his own trauma.He pays visits to his Native American ex-wife to see his son, but theirseparation was clearly brought on by tragedy. In a moving monologue tothe father of the murdered girl (a marvellous Gil Birmingham), hereveals through choked-back tears that his daughter had passed yearsearlier. It's quite possibly the best work he's ever done; utterlyconvincing as the strong, silent hunter who can spot a snowmobile trackfrom a mile away, and as a potential romantic interest for FBI agentJane Banner (Elizabeth Olsen).She is sent from her office in Las Vegas, and arrives completelyill-prepared for the brutal conditions of Wind River. When she quicklyrealises she's out of her depth, Banner leans on Lambert to help hernavigate the perilous conditions and vast landscape. It's a characterseen many times before - even in Sicario - and although Olsen isperfectly fine, her role seems somewhat diminutive and over-reliant onher male counterpart. It's an issue Sheridan should perhaps address inhis next venture, but Wind River proves that he is more than capable ofvisualising his own work. He shoots the wilderness as a cold,unforgiving place, where only the toughest - humans or animals - cansurvive, turning them wilder and more primitive in the process. Thescore by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis also give the land a mysticambiance, similar in many ways to their work on The Proposition.Although it does digress into Quentin Tarantino territory and the finalpay-off seems over-eager to highlight good from bad, Wind Riverdeserves some recognition come awards season, as does Sheridan as adirector to watch.