After the southern heat of Hell or High Water, Taylor Sheridan gives usthe cold wintery thriller Wind River.In the frosty Wind River Indian Reservation of Wyoming, the body an 18year old Native American girl is discovered by Wildlife service agentCory Lambett (Jeremy Renner). Lambett with his knowledge of themountain assists foreign FBI agent Jane Banner (Elizabeth Olson) totrack down the killer, but also his own personal reasons wants to findthe killer in an attempt to wrestle his own demons.Inspired by true cases of missing native American girls, Wind River hascold hearted passion in its story-telling. A very melancholy murdermystery drama exploring grief and vengeance but also the neglect of theNative Americans in the mountain regions in the USA.During a time this week while I was pondering the significance ofdifferent crime thrillers, with also the approach of the The Snowman inNovember, Wind River is real important stand out. The film itselfalthough is about a murder is more centred on the atmosphere andlocation. Repetitive vibes of a hellish land resonate throughout thefilm. This mostly breathed life by the chilly aerial shots of the coldmountain land, identifying misery through the snow breeze and wind (anatmospheric format that was similar expressed in Hell or High Water).The most haunting aspect is the character brought to Wind River by NickCave and Warren Elis eerie soundtrack, echoing the dark past of thefreezing land.What leads us into the desolate mystery of Wind River is Jeremey Rennersuperb performance as the experienced hunter possessed by the past butalso enriched with perception of his home land and its welcome. Rennervery much appears as himself, however is a perfect casting choice withhis neutral expression hiding his deeper emotions. Opposite isElizabeth Olson, the most convincing FBI agent I've seen on screen fora while. But her city slicker style does not prepare her for thedivergent law enforcement experience in the isolated Wyoming. These twoleads are the perfect casting, with a enigmatic presence that makes youcompletely believe in them.While Wind River has deeper meaning at its centre, Sheridan knows howto thrill his audience in quiet sensational but violent sequences. Loudsound effects of the gun shots bring light to the silent landscape thatthe characters dwell, and present a sense of realism to the experience.Sheridan's third feature in his trilogy of modern American lawenforcement, following, Sicario, Hell or High Water, has shown hisstrength in creating masterful crime thrillers with much to reflectabout the real world. This capacity has also lead stronger confidencehis potential prospects in directing a Bond film. 9.2/10