TL;DR- Fully and shamelessly embraces similarity to Groundhog Day and usesthat to its advantage, developing its own tone and personality -Disappointing in terms of horror ? could have been stronger if they'dblended comedy and horror more - Very funny - A good twist towards theend - A very likable lead whose character believably develops more thanyou'd expect from a film like this??????????????????There comes a point in Groundhog Day where Bill Murray's Phil tires ofhis never-ending, repetitive day and starts deliberately trying to killhimself. Happy Death Day, on the other hand, while maintaining the samepremise, sees the protagonist not running towards death, but runningaway from death again and again and again ? each time she gets killedresulting in her day restarting. Though initially seeming like aninteresting blend of comedy and horror, the horror is much more litethan expected, but the entertaining film is saved by the well-donecomedy and the eventually very likable lead ? definitely more than Iwas expecting (always a good thing for horror movies!)It sounds like much more of a horror/thriller than it really is. Itcould have been an excellent achievement, perfectly blending thehorror/thriller and comedy genres; instead though the focus is muchmore on comedy than any kind of scares or suspense. Still, this doesn'tdetract from the enjoyment of the film. There are plenty of examples offilms blending horror and comedy (Scream, the easiest example), butit's a shame that there wasn't enough emphasis on horror for it to beincluded in lists among greats like Scream. Instead the promotion soldit more as a horror film, inevitably disappointing the more avid horrorfans. There are enough scary movie clichés and a couple of jump scarespeppered throughout to satisfy most, though it's far from being able tocall itself a true horror. Yet maybe you'd get away with labelling itssecondary genre as 'thriller;' it's here that this film has an edge onGroundhog Day (I know, sacrilegious comment!). Happy Death Day matchesGroundhog Day with comedy, but surpasses it by including a more uniquewhodunit plot. It's hugely enjoyable watching Tree go through hersuspects and theories, ticking off her list as well as your own. Plusthe twist at the end (one you absolutely do not see coming) makes itall worth it too.This isn't to say though that Happy Death Day is perfect; awards arehardly going to come by their way and there are plenty of examples ofoverly clichéd and cheesy lines? but they're well aware of this andthey play it as a strength. Director Christopher Landon is absolutelyself-aware and uses all manner of horror genre clichés and cheesy linesto add to the personality, keeping it fun, quirky and, mostimportantly, very enjoyable. This is best seen right at the very endwhere one character actually compares it all to Groundhog Day, whichTree, comically, hasn't seen and isn't even aware of. It's a wonderfulsatire of Hollywood, tired of ideas and just copying what's comebefore, repackaging it and feigning ignorance, pretending it's totallyoriginal. They certainly didn't mention it for a similar film with arepetitive day, Edge of Tomorrow.A lot of how much we enjoy it though isn't just the writing, but downto the cast, specifically the leading-lady. The supporting cast are allgood, particularly bitchy sorority sister Rachel Matthews and sweet andinnocent male love interest Israel Broussard. But the one who reallyexcels here is Jessica Rothe, absolutely deserving of a leading rolesince her only really high profile role so far has been as Emma Stone'sflatmate in La La Land (she played Alexis by the way ? something onlyhardcore fans of the musical would even have a chance of knowing).Happy Death Day is much more a showcase for her talents, showing shecan do more than just sing and dance, but can carry a horror-comedyalmost totally single-handedly, showing particular attention tocharacter growth and development (something often overlooked in manyfilms nowadays). Her character is the polar opposite to Bill Murray'scounterpart in Groundhog Day; yes, he's miserable a lot of the time,but still very likable. For the first part of Happy Death Day, however,Tree is utterly unlikeable; a rude, irredeemable character we dislikedespite her looks; but this opinion quickly changes once the film findsits feet and gets going. Each bad quality she seems to have slowly andbelievable changes as she understands her situation and tries to changeit, becoming self-aware. In a Dickensian manner (a la A ChristmasCarol) we quickly fall for Tree and like her very much as she changesto a very charming, quirky and lovable lead character. Props to thewriting from Scott Lobdell too, but this is totally down to Rothe whomakes the film the joy it is.It's impossible to take this film too seriously and to ignorecomparisons to Groundhog Day; but you might as well because this is astill a different enough film to not feel like a repetitive rehash(ironically). It's a shame that it doesn't live up to it's horrorpromotion and shies away from its premise of marrying humour and horrorsince this could have really strengthened the film and made it morememorable. Nevertheless, this doesn't at all hamper any enjoyment ofHappy Death Day because it's a very fun one; a bit of horror here, alot of laughs there, lots of fun throughout with a charismatic, lovablelead. Halloween has never been happier.