Happy Death Day (2017), directed by Christopher Landon who is famousfor his Paranormal Activities franchise, has created its own genre andperforms way over my low expectations regardless of its seemingly"familiar" plot from Groundhog Day (1993). The protagonist Tree, asorority girl, has found herself stuck living in the same day over andover again ending with her being murdered every night by the samekiller repeatedly. Tree thus goes on a personal adventure, in attemptto discover the true identity of the killer to hopefully one dayprevent the murder to happen and thus get out of the loop. She thusbegan a journey of self-discovery and self- redemption with the help ofher only friend through recognizing the consequences of her own actionsin order to try and solve her own murder mystery. The film consequently created its own genre of horror rom-com, scarybut yet heart-warming and funny at the same time. Some of Tree's ideasupon discovering she is living in the same day over and over again aresilly if not laughable, since there will be no consequences the nextday whatsoever due to her eventual seemingly inevitable death at night,until one point where her actions suddenly do matter and she has tomake a life or death decision in order to survive and have future thatshe desires. Being a veteran horror movie director, Christopher Landon succeeds inshowing off his skill of dropping settle hints right in front of theviewers alongside with a surprising twist in the end. Shots of settlehints are shown since the beginning of the movie, providing theaudience an opportunity to try and solve the murder before the ultimatereveal of the killer's identity on screen. A typical college campussetting, anyone could be the suspect, thus Tree makes a list ofpossible suspects alongside with the audience who are creating theirown lists, and debunks every single possibility until there is no moresuspects and making the murderer almost as someone who possessessuperpower, but yet with a sole purpose of killing Tree. But in theend, everything makes perfect sense. The film raises questions on causality and consequences, especially bysetting the story on a college campus; it rings the bell for studentswith a warning that even tiny, everyday actions could have detrimentalconsequences, similar to the idea of The Butterfly Effect (2003) orjust the theory of the butterfly effect itself. With a familiar themeand a nearly identical plot (if one could imagine Bill Murray beingmurdered by a groundhog repeatedly in Groundhog Day), the film stilldoes not fail to impress the audience of its beautifully written,heartwarming story; Jessica Rothe's incredible performance of Treecould also crown her the title of a future scream queen. If you arelooking for the perfect Halloween movie this year, Happy Death Day is amust watch for its unoriginal originality in its story line and genre,without too much blood and gore that is seen in almost every otherhorror movies of 2017.