I'm, like, still mad about this movie two days later.Seeing the positive reviews and mentions of riveting performances isreally disheartening to me. As an avid movie fan (especially of thehorror genre), have our standards for quality really plummeted thusfar? First It Follows and now this? These movies are laughable.Is the end message here a coming of age tale of a typical mean girl whofinally sees the errors in her way? Is that that the takeaway? Howabout some of the BIGGEST plot holes and questions that we're so quickto overlook? So, we have a girl who doesn't want to acknowledge herbirthday because of the painful memory it entails after her mother'sdeath (which isn't described in any way) and they shared the samebirthday...... but we're going to make her ringtone an original tracktelling about it being her birthday? Uh, k.She just sees that there's a serial killer in existence in her area onthe television and his victims happen to be blonde- but it's not at alldescribed where she is, how big the campus is, etc. I initially thoughtthe connection was that this was the man who had killed her mother andwas on the loose (which would have been a better angle) but no- just aguy that kills blondes chilling in a hospital under lax security.There's the answer! When she makes attempts to thwart his murderousways, it's almost as if he knows her or why she's there. But she's justa stranger to him- why didn't that register on his face? When it'sdiscovered who the killer really is (which I called in the firstfifteen minutes), Lori seemingly has nothing else wrong with her, butis SO jealous of a married man's affair with her roommate that she'swilling to resort to murder because of it? Why not murder the dude'swife then? Did she really not think anyone would decipher that she waspoisoned? Hello, stomach contents- how do you do? Also, how did Lorifacilitate that Tree would think it was the serial killer who hadmurdered her? How does that plot line even work? It's figured out thatshe used her connections at the hospital (where she worked) to stage itso the serial killer would be framed for Tree's murder-- how though?How does that even make sense? She thinks the police are going to finda poisoned cupcake in her belly and assume that he made that for herand knew it was her birthday (huh) or .... WHAT? Ugh.Then we have the heartwarming moment between her and her father. Again,not giving away too much detail about how the mother passed and whythis has seemingly affected her ENTIRE relationship with her fathereven though her birthday only comes but once a year.Lastly, it's never once explained, even casually, how Tree evenacquires the luxury to be able to loop time in the first place? I mean,yeah- it sucks getting murdered every day. But why is she so lucky toeven get a second shot? How does that work? Why is it happening to her?Why does this movie even exist?