A U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service tracker and an FBI agent team up tosolve a double homicide on the Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyomingin Wind River (2017). On a mission to hunt down mountain lions killinglocal cattle, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service agent Cory Lambert (JeremyRenner) discovers the body of 18-year-old Natalie Hanson (KelseyAsbille). The FBI sends Jane Banner (Elizabeth Olsen), a Nevada fieldagent, to determine whether a crime has been committed. They later findanother body, deepening the mystery.Wind River is writer-director Taylor Sheridan's latest offering.Sheridan is known for writing Hell or High Water (2016) and Sicario(2015) and acting in a number of TV dramas. Wind River takes place inWyoming in early spring and has a very Western feel, despite itssnow-swept mountains. Stunning cinematography was not enough to make upfor extremely slow pacing and lack of compelling story.Some critics argue it is genre defying and highly original; I say itsuffers from an identity crisis. Wind River is labeled a "murdermystery thriller film," but isn't either of those things. There's nomystery because a flashback explains exactly what happened halfwaythrough and the authorities never actually solve the crime or bringanyone to justice. It's not a thriller because there's no sense ofsuspense or urgency. Unlike a typical crime thriller, there's no sensethat one crime must be solved to prevent another from occurring.Unforgiven (1992) was genre defying and highly original. It had acompelling story and memorable characters with discerniblepersonalities, it intermixed moments of humor and tenderness withshocking violence, and it shattered the mythos of the Old West whilereigniting interest in the Western genre. In comparison, Wind Riverstruggles to find direction. Its protagonists are cold and impenetrableand its interchangeable villains are uninteresting. Brooding, monotonedelivery is mistaken for depth. Everyone is seriously depressed.Wind River's first act sets up an interesting premise. A Fish andWildlife Service tracker with a tragic past must help a clueless FBIagent track down a human predator. Along the way, he finds love againand comes to accept the death of his own teenage daughter. That wouldhave been a great movie.Unfortunately, that wasn't how this one played out. It turns out thedouble murder was incidental?a crime of passion. Everyone dies(including most of the police) before anyone can solve the crime, CoryLambert doesn't end up with Jane Banner, and the final message seems tobe "life is really shitty in Wyoming." Nothing changes except thenumber of headstones at the local cemetery.I did appreciate the characters' authenticity. The American Indianswere actually played by actors and actresses of that ethnicity(mostly). Graham Greene, a Canadian Oneida Indian known for Dances withWolves (1990) and Die Hard with a Vengeance (1995), was great as TribalPolice Chief Ben. The settings were gritty and realistic, although onemobile home seemed to have an unrealistically cavernous interior.In the end, Wind River is gritty, dark, and depressing, but that doesnot make it great. Its promotional material boldly states: "One of thebest films of the year," which while perhaps true, doesn't say much incomparison to the other films released in 2017.