A heist movie with NASCAR, pageants, and pool of pig's feet: sound likea good idea? This is not a rhetorical question. Theoretically I couldprovide insight, but truthfully, after the analysis I am just going todeliver a verdict that is basically my number out of 10 answer to thisquestion. Yes, there is going to be the rest of the review, but ifyou're deciding on whether to see Logan Lucky backtrack to sentenceone. Your answer is more important than anything I have to offer.Logan Lucky is an Ocean's with rednecks. Normally critics usecomparisons of this format out of laziness. Movie is other movie, butwith other stuff. Ingenious. I only stoop to this since Logan Luckybludgeons you over the head with the blunt end of this premise and toignore this fact is to be negligent. Steven Soderberg might have haddéjà vu when he first read the script. An ensemble cast, long set up,the job, failure?, and, with the benefit of a flashback revealing newperspective, the sting. Ocean's and Logan Lucky are not similar becausethey are both heist films with the same director, it's because theyhave the same structure. The West Virginia vibe, a façade.Jimmy Logan (Tatum) is latest recipient of the Logan curse. Althoughcontent to live simply (without cellphones), his life is threatenedwhen ex-wife (Holmes) wants to move taking their daughter with her.Jimmy is unemployed and desperate. Auspiciously, Jimmy's recentconstruction job has allowed him intimate knowledge of the CharlotteMotor Speedway, including the subterranean network of pipestransporting cash. Jimmy enlists the help of his younger brother Clyde(Driver), convincing him to get incarcerated so Clyde can conspire withlocked up explosives expert Joe Bang (Craig). Together with sisterMellie (Keough) and Joe's bumpkin brothers, the team hopes to break thepair out of prison, pull of the heist of the century, and return thepair to the prison unnoticed. It is a solid plan, but unexpectedadvances in construction prompts immediate action. The team is forcedto give up or tackle the mark during a Memorial Weekend race, thegrandest event of the year.So the bluegrass rift is clearly a creation from someone who has onlyinteracted with Boone Country through TV. Our protagonist is a down onhis luck ex-football player with a bum leg, recently divorced, has adaughter in beauty pageants, a veteran brother, daisy duke wearingsister, and his favorite song is, of course, Country friggin Road.Clearly an exploration of the Appalachian experience this is not.Silliness abound, still Logan Lucky is a charmer. I say this knowingthat there are those who will never fall for country charm.Now let us look at the salespeople. With the possible exception AdamDriver, every actor here is clearly playing a part, but loving everyminute. Authenticity is out the window, but the magnetism iseverywhere. Hillary Swank shows up in the third act as an FBI agent,the closest thing we get to an antagonists, and even her exaggeratedlystern character is likable. Charming potato Channing Tatum hasperformed variations of this shtick successfully his whole career. Evencountry pioneer Dwight Yoakam gets in on the act as a warden maybepossibly perchance inspired by Cool Hand Luke. But Daniel Craig isking. He plays the anti-Bond. Totally unrefined and downright bubbly,he is clearly having more fun than any other cast member, maybe evenmost audiences. The scene in which this convict hick pauses the robberyto explain the chemistry of his explosions is the best of the movie.I initially referred to the players as salespeople because suchslickness aimed at amiability might be occasionally disconcerting, butpossibly the only option for the material. The essence of Logan Luck ishockey beyond belief, but never is this pile of clichés painful. Ifthere is anything more to enjoying Logan Lucky then the premise, itsunderstanding the premise is a total fabrication. There is a linedescribing the events as "Ocean's 7-11." These characters might eat at7-11, but to suggest this is more real than Ocean sophisticated team isridiculous. This is a totally contrived fantasy world from people whowatched too much Beverly Hillbillies. And I love it.