Once again I'm not really all that sure why I saw this because eventhough it is a heist movie, it pretty much follows the cookie cutterscript that seems to be the standard for heist movies. In fact I sawanother heist movie earlier this year that was almost identical exceptthat the main characters were pensioners who had been diddled out oftheir retirement as opposed to a bunch of hicks whose injuries haveresulted them being left on the scrap heap, and when I say almostidentical I actually mean literally scene for scene.Okay, I was going to say word for word, but that doesn't really workconsidering the previous film was set in a major city (New York Ithink) where as this is set in Charlotteville, North Carolina. Okay,they also have a prison break, and they robbed a speedway as opposed toa bank, but the way the film progressed, especially with the policeinvestigating it and then coming up empty, and the protagonists(anti-heroes if you will), getting away with it. Mind you, it waspretty clever what they did, and how they covered their tracks, but thefunny thing is that these guys didn't actually come across all thatsmart. Also, there were some pretty cool laugh-out-loud moments, atleast for me.One of the things that did stand out was the setting ? Charlotteville,and it was rather ironic that the whole protests occurred the week orso before I saw this film because it really gave me an idea of what theculture is like down there ? very working class. In a way it created apicture of a region of the United States that had been ravaged byglobalisation, and a world where if you are injured then nobody wantsto touch you, or hire you. In fact our hero was basically told that hecould no longer work because he had a pre-existing injury, which wasthe catalyst for the whole heist.While I would suggest that it was a fun movie, the reality is thatthere wasn't really all that much different here than the film that Isaw earlier in the year (Going in Style). Sure, the setting wasslightly different, and the way they went about committing the heistwas different, but in the end it seems like it simply came out of acloning factory and really had little to no substance, or thought, toactually making it an individual film (except for a couple of reallycool jokes that is).