The Logan brothers, looking to break the 'Logan Curse' and turn theirlives around, decide to rob a vault beneath the local NASCAR track.They're just normal country people struggling every day, so they'repunching a little above their weight. They decide to enlist the help oflocal legend Joe Bang to help them blow open the vault, and he requiresthe involvement of his two half-wit brothers. Of course, much like theOceans movies, we the audience are barely let in on the plan until ithappens, and even then we're still not privy to all its finer details,lending to a plot structure of twists and turns.Logan Lucky is a movie rife with story problems though, unfortunately.The biggest being the pacing. The opening and closing acts are far toolong and simply not interesting enough. A huge slab of time is spentestablishing characters and setting up the great heist, which is greatand lends to some great moments of comedy. However I just felt itcould've been trimmed down a bit. The final act also falls flat bybeing way too long. The heist is over, but we get a whole half an hourto close the film out. There's post-heist revelations to be had, whichis fine, but it takes too long to get there, opening the way forboredom and disinterest to start setting in.Another big problem with these two acts of the film are the completelypointless characters. Katherine Waterston's mobile nurse serves nopurpose at all. I'm struggling to think why she's there at all. She hasno part of the heist, or even any knowledge of it. Her relationship toJimmy Logan is never explored and, until the final scenes, is left as achance, inconsequential encounter that apparently meant more than itactually did. Hilary Swank's Special Agent Grayson isn't evenintroduced until the final act when the heist is already over. Shepontificates over the crime scenes, gets disgruntled at NASCARmanagement, and then randomly appears with everyone else. She at leastserves more purpose than Waterston's Sylvia, but I don't feel the filmwould've suffered at all from cutting her completely, and doing sowould have in fact tightened up that last act a hell of a lot.Other characters that suffer from pointlessness include SethMacFarlane's alcohol peddler. He poses as the one unforeseen risk tothe Logan's plan, and is the only viable reason for Swank's Agent toappear in the bar, but in all he could've been cut and the film lostnothing but a bad British accent. Sebastian Stan's NASCAR driver alsodidn't serve much point other than as yet another sounding board forChilblain's arrogance and painting his character as even moreunlikeable.All that said, the film was a winner in every aspect. The actual heistitself is full of entertaining moments. The plan is pretty ingenious,and just waiting for the Logan Curse to kick in is a recipe for someedge-of-your-seat moments. The fact it spans several differentlocations all serving different purposes keeps it from turning stale aswell, such as the prison riot covering for Joe's disappearance, or theeffect the unknown heist has on the staff and security on the trackabove.The comedy is pretty great as well. This certainly isn't alaugh-out-loud film, full of jokes at every turn, but it definitelyprefers a more lighthearted tone with some choice moments sprinkledthroughout. An argument over George R.R. Martin's writing pace with theSong of Ice and Fire books is a particular highlight, as are the Bangbrothers' dim-witted shenanigans; "I know all the Twitters."Daniel Craig is also pretty hilarious in a role completely different toanything I've seen of him before. Bleached blonde, and with a heavysouthern drawl, he's a scene-stealer and responsible for some of thefilm's best and most entertaining moments. Channing Tatum is also greatas Jimmy Logan, the deceptively smart orchestrator of the whole heistwho just wants to provide for his family the best he can. Adam Driversparks a subtle line of comedy through seriousness as the one- armedClyde Logan, often proving an equal to Craig's Joe, and Riley Keough'sMellie Logan is more than just a pretty face.Ultimately though, Logan Lucky is one of the most American films I'veseen in a long time, pitching rural hicks against one of the moststereotypically American sporting events, and acting as the ultimatefantasy of the American dream. The soundtrack is full of country musicfrom the likes of John Denver to Creedence Clearwater. There's evenLeAnn Rimes singing 'America the Beautiful'. And yet Logan Lucky feelsmore like a love-letter to rural America than a parody of it, it's morea glimpse at redneck sensibilities than a patriotic celebration.Final verdict on Logan Lucky? Hit and miss. It has some great momentsthanks to Daniel Craig and Rebecca Blunt's script. The heist is hugelyentertaining to watch unfold, the Logans are charming likablecharacters to root for, and the comedy is just enough to give you ahearty chuckle every now and then without running the film into afull-on parody. However it's also a movie full of so much faff thatneeds wading through to get to the meaty bits. The opening and closingacts drag on way too long exploring unnecessary details, and Wasterstonand Swank - and to an extent MacFarlane and Stan - feel like they wereonly included to get their names on the poster. Oh and Katie Holmes wasunsurprisingly awful. I enjoyed myself for the most part, but I doubtit's a film I'll watch again. I give it a satisfactory 6/10.