'LOGAN LUCKY' - 2017Directed by Steven SoderberghStarring Channing Tatum, Adam Driver and Daniel Craig? Plot Overview: After he gets fired from a job, Jimmy Logan(ChanningTatum) hatches a plan with his brother, Clyde Logan(Adam Driver) anddemolitions expert Joey Bang(Daniel Craig) to rob the Charlotte MotorSpeedway. But as the 'Logan Family Curse' looms over him and hisbrother, naturally things don't go as smoothly as they could have.Steven Soderbergh is a director who hasn't achieved much mainstreamsuccess. His work is typically very artsy and are 'films' rather than'movies#'. Perhaps the closest he's achieved to mainstream success inwith his Ocean's Trilogy. And they were exceptionally fun andentertaining movies. From the trailer, I was wrongfully led to believethis would be in the vain of the Ocean's Trilogy, a fun, quirky,perhaps less glamorous, heist movie. But this was a wrongfulaccusation. I will explain why further on but I think it's fair toappreciate some of the film's strengths.Firstly, the cinematography. Soderbergh movies always look fantasticand are visual treats. The editing in this movie is pretty muchflawless and every camera angle feels important. This is perhaps thefilm's greatest strength but that seems redundant considering it islikely trying to appeal to mass audiences. Obviously, critics and filmenthusiasts and sad, lonely people who analyse every shot of a moviefor hidden meanings will adore that in this movie*. And I fall into thesecond of the three categories. I do admire the cinematography andediting BUT it wasn't what I went into this movie expecting. I expectedescapism but instead got a homework assignment.Easily the second greatest strength of the movie is Daniel Craig. Theman is an acting machine and he succeeds in delivering an incredibleperformance in this movie. He steals every single scene he is in and isan all around pleasure to watch. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver, whilegood in the movie, are only really the supporting cast to Craig. Thisis his movie and without him it would fall flat on its face. He's theonly remotely interesting or semi-likable character, and without him -the movie fails spectacularly. My biggest flaw with this movie is how much I was mislead. All I wantedwas a couple hours escapism in a fun, goofy heist movie in the vain ofthe Ocean's Trilogy with an ensemble cast I really enjoy. But I didn'tget that. It isn't the laugh-out-loud comedy the trailers led me tobelieve but instead a rather dull and monotonous series of unfortunateevents that miraculously lead to a dull and monotonous conclusion. Ithink every film fan will agree that part of the fun of seeing a heistmovie is seeing how they pulled it off. That is what I look forward toin a heist movie: the conclusion. But the conclusion in this movie isso lacklustre and the grand reveal so contrived and forced that I justdid not care in the slightest for it.If you want a fun movie, don't watch this boring yet artistic waste oftime. If you want to analyse a movie, frame by frame, then please feelfree to do so and enjoy this movie for what it is: a technical piece ofart. But those in the latter of the two camps will most likely be theonly people who enjoy this movie. The trailers are misleading, thecharacters are mostly subpar and the grand reveal is ultimatelydisappointing. I don't recommend this movie overall and I'll rate it anextremely disappointing 5 'Family Curses' out of 10.* If you do fall into this category, it was a joke. Don't get angry atme.