If this film is Soderbergh's return from his brief retirement, hiscraft is a touch rusty. Not for nothing, his style of filmmaking isuniquely dynamic and almost always has a crisp air of confidence. Here,that kind of verve is largely absent and the narrative is curiouslytentative and low-key for the much of the early part of the film. Thissurprising lethargy is not terminal, thankfully.This film seeks to emulate Soderbergh's work in Ocean's Eleven, butwith a scruffy, backwoods, up-from-the-bootstraps kind of flavor. Thisheist story centers around two redneck brothers (Tatum and Driver) inWest Virginia, both of whom have a sad history of setbacks and littleto show for as grown men, who boldly decide to pull off a robbery ofthe Charlotte Motor Speedway right around the height of NASCAR season.They enlist the help of a skilled explosives expert who is still inprison (Daniel Craig) and their erstwhile law-abiding sister (Keough).No one can fault the performances. Everyone here excels with what thescript affords, especially Craig, Tatum and Driver. I never had much ofan impression of Riley Keough's screen presence before, but I know itnow and she's quite good in this. Unfortunately, a lot of acting talentis squandered in smallish, thankless roles. Katherine Waterston is oneexample as a medical practitioner who happens upon Tatum. Katie Holmes,although quite good as Tatum's scornful ex-wife, fades into thebackground. And Hilary Swank gets way too little screen time with a lawenforcement role that she clearly has fun with. On the bright side, itsure is nice to see a familiar face from Wedding Crashers in the personof Dwight Yoakam as a somewhat clueless prison warden.But the film's muddled first half is molasses slow and so low-energythat it feels like an eternity before we get to the greatly anticipatedheist. At that point, the film takes on the more brisk pacing andvitality you would expect from Soderbergh, but it's a bit too late. Itry to look at the big picture and call this a near-miss, mostlybecause this is still a joyful portrayal of a criminal schemeperpetrated by a bunch of dim bulbs with a little help from a hardened,smug professional. And a wonderfully touching rendition of JohnDenver's "Country Roads" adds to this film's plus side. Recommended tothose looking for carefree, lowbrow fun.