I give this 'only' 7/10 but it's a good 7: I liked it. Paradoxically,it's a cerebral kind of plot that doesn't actually cut very deep or aimsuper-high, but it's thoroughly engaging as you see this small-scaleheist scheme unfold. A whole lot of impossibly convoluted details areheld back for a final 'reveal' at the end which is sort of a core dumpof all the loose threads you thought were unexplained, but that's OK.My guess is that the directorial master Steven Soderbergh knew that ifall of them were shown in their actual order it would just hold backthe flow of the main story.The small-town characters are the real highlight though, and the mainreason you'll go away smiling. The highlight for me was Adam Driver'sbartender character Clyde (I admit the only other role I've seen Driverin is Kylo Ren where he was pretty underwhelming, so it was arevelation to see him do some first-rate work here). His accent andline delivery are just terrific. Channing Tatum is excellent as well,sympathetically underplaying the role of brother Jimmy who has a verysimple goal in mind and starts off the whole chain of events.Effectively the third lead role is Daniel Craig as the jailbird JoeBang who has an eccentric flair for thievery; he's excellent too(though not quite as much as the Logan brothers). All together, thefive Logan and Bang brothers and their cronies make up just about themost engaging and surreal group you'll ever see. They're such an odddysfunctional mix from end to end that you wonder how they could pulloff anything, let alone an operation so complex that it would do creditto a Mission Impossible plot. The (huge!) cast of characters is filledout with nice roles by Katie Holmes, Hilary Swank, Sebastian Stan, anda few other familiar faces.Watch especially for an episode in the middle where the prisoners go onstrike and barricade the mess hall. Their demands include more Game ofThrones videos (they want to see more of 'that hot chick with thedragons'). Believe it or not, this is actually essential to the plot.Logan Lucky is fun built on a meticulously constructed plot andengaging characters you'll remember long after walking out. Kudos allaround to Steven Soderbergh.