**SPOILERS**I didn't have high expectations for this movie. I found the "Oceans 11"series to be nothing more than pretentious vanity projects where A-list celebs get paid millions to portray "the cool guy who does X"instead of using their talents to make an entertaining film. It's likefilming some guy's vacation (a la Adam Sandler).But when I heard about this film's subversion of that series withimperfect characters and setting, I was intrigued. It was a mistake. Iwas not rewarded for going against my instincts.First of all, there's absolutely no clear motivation for any of thefilm's actions to be taking place. Channing Tatum is fired for cause bysomeone not even affiliated with the race track. He's a veteran, yes,but an ex-con with an untrustworthy streak to him, even claiming to be"a Unabomber type." We have absolutely no reason to side with him, orhis quest. One of the other characters even calls him on this, saying"what has NASCAR done to you?" then offers no response. There's also no motivation among the rest of the cast. Aside from hisbrother, no one has any reason to help him - from Daniel Craig, who'sjust a couple months from getting out of prison, to the other prisonerswho didn't even meet Tatum. Both are asked to assume tremendous risksfor very little reward - a reward which, for the most part, is givenback to the track. Likewise, Tatum has no reason to double-cross hiscrew, including the two slack-jawed comic relief characters who didmost of the work. Tatum's chicanery was not at all endearing. Icouldn't wait for the FBI to barge down his door at the very end.The film tries way too hard to make Channing Tatum's character seemmore clever than he appears with a last-minute "fake out" that revealshe's actually some kind of mastermind who planned an elaboratedouble-cross on his fellow criminals. There was absolutely no set-up tothis reveal - in fact, the film goes out of its way to point out howunlucky Tatum and his brother are. This made clear that such a thingshould not have been possible, and no event took place to indicate itcould happen. Lazy writing. This movie commits the cardinal sin offeeling like a sequel to a film that never existed. We're assumed toknow about the "Logan Curse," and other events we are told aboutinstead of shown.Other examples of sloppy writing abound. Two critical plot points thatallow the heist to succeed are (1) that the warden of the local prisondoesn't let anyone know about anything that happens at his prison, and(2) that the accountants at the Charlotte Motor Speedway keep reallysloppy records of their cash input. Both of these facts are revealedafter the fact, rather than built up beforehand. Yet the filmbacktracks near the end, making it seem like Tatum knew of theseweaknesses and was able to take advantage.This is an anemic, disjointed film, filled with pregnant pauses forlaugh breaks for moments that aren't funny. Topping the list was anexcruciatingly long scene that makes dated references to "Game ofThrones." Other jokes have no payoff. When Channing Tatum is told tobring his daughter to a tanning parlor, then takes a shortcut by usinga paint sprayer loaded with spray-on tan, nothing comes of it. Themother doesn't notice, and moves along with taking her to a pageant.Seth MacFarlane is terrible in this, but since that's not all thatsurprising, I can hardly fault the film for that.That said, there are moments of unintentional hilarity. For example,the same exact establishing shot of the "West Virginia" road sign wasused so much that it felt like a joke. The last time was on a darknight where you could only see its outline.However, this remarkable film even manages to ruin these moments.Hillary Swank's sudden appearance in the third act drags the filmanother 20 minutes past its natural conclusion. Her stoic performanceas an FBI agent is so wooden that it's actually quite funny. Hersummary of the movie's events as she speaks with her fellow agents wasthe only time I laughed. But even this is screwed up at the very end,where it's implied that Swank had some role in the robbery. It's alsoimplied well after the fact that a health- conscious race car driver,featured in another of the film's too many subplots, had a role aswell. This gave the film a distinct "first draft" feel to it, as if itscript writer thought of it in the final few paragraphs.Also, who ever heard of a heist film about racing - or at least a racetrack - without a car chase? I didn't until I saw this. There's awonderful set-up where a side character is mocked for not knowing howto drive stick, so he gets a manual Mustang. The car is used in theheist, which involves a one-armed man. Nothing comes of this, however,as yet another side-character with no personality drives the car to theheist without a single obstacle. We're even told not to get our hopesup - there aren't any cops there to chase them. Way to go, movie.Thank goodness there were some surprising cameos from NASCAR drivers inthe second act, otherwise those two hours would have been a completewaste. Both movie fans and racing fans will leave the theater equallydisappointed.