The ultimate verdict: Logan Lucky achieves both everything and nothingyou expect out of a modernized crime/comedy/western.The story here focuses on Jimmy Logan, a recently divorced constructionworker laid off due to his fractured leg. He enlightens his spirits, aswell as our own, from his father-daughter bond right in the first frameas he repairs his car, when he tells her a story about his favoritecountry song. I admit these sweet moments were severely underdone, butnot nearly as much as the activity of his gorgeous ex-wife, who createszero memorability besides wearing a see-through top over a pink bra infront of her eight-year-old daughter. Matters instead revolve moreabout the men in the community, particularly the somewhat meaningfulbond between Jimmy and his brother, a one-armed Iraqi veteran who canmix a martini one-handed.Yet everything else about this part of the United States falls intostereotypes about the culture, right down to two rednecks competing ina toilet seat ring toss. Those two guys end up being probably the mostmemorable characters who create the most potential comedy; now I saypotential because the "comedy" here just lazily paints authoritativefigures as gullible doofuses, especially by the third act when it turnsinto an unresolved "Crime Scene Investigation" plot from the FBI'sperspective.Despite the goal toward a crime/comedy, the gags' staging missed theirmark entirely?the timing of the editing never played against theaudience's expectations.At least they do go a bit into intriguing detail about the robbery'sexecution, down to a step-by-step process posted onto the refrigerator.It shows these fun little bits which make you think, "What on earth dothey plan to do with those cockroaches coated in nail polish?" Thenlater you think, "Oh! Ha! Clever!" The details enlighten yourattention, like how the number of times a plastic bag is twisted shutmatters in making the contents explode.Although the culture's creation here does seem a smidgen off. I hadn'tlived there longer than three months, yet I know for certain thatAfrican Americans thrive elsewhere beyond the prisons. The fact thatone of those crooks, played with a convincing accent by James Bondactor Daniel Craig, escapes jail to help others commit their robberydraws one common conclusion: the US's most vibrant criminal culturethrives in the Southeast. While true in some regards, we deserve to seesome light down there too.Yes, the worldbuilding basically just got the job done well enough. Thesame goes to the acting?the best they achieve from their effort issimply sustaining your attention. Yet the smaller performances arereally the more effective ones, as Hilary Swank (Boys Don't Cry,Million Dollar Baby) made the most out of her small part, playing aninvestigator with her expected authoritative enthusiasm. The director,Steven Soderbergh, (Erin Brockovich, Traffic) proved his strength atcasting seventeen years after beating himself at the Oscars, you seeeach well-known actor only as the character they portray. However, theway Soderbergh organizes the moments of his story is distractinglywrong.Soderbergh displays lots of detailed love for the East Coast's racingculture, such as a fiery feud between a rude racer who insults the twodisabled leads. It feels truer to the culture than what the financiallysuccessful Cars franchise attempted. But I think Soderberghmisunderstands something important: very few people, particularlyoutside the East Coast, care as much about NASCAR as he does, adistraction at best in the way he flaunts the commercialism.The bits at the car race, in particular, abuse too many lingering shotson the fans and bumper stickers, like one big NASCAR commercial. Theyeven blare the name of "Fox News" when showing the game's commentators.You could honestly tell this was screenwriter Rebecca Blunt's firstever writing credit, no craft goes into sending out any kind ofmotivation to anyone besides the two brothers to achieve anything,which hurts the film all the more, particularly with its unresolvedestablished family commitment. Nobody learns anything, they all justexist as catalysts towards material gain.Even if you lived in the southeast, you will most possibly forget thename Logan Lucky the next day. You'd be better off watching a car racelive or watching CSI Miami, both a far more rewarding socialexperience.