A disappointingly mild crime-comic caper yarn which didn't sound allthat intriguing to me when I first read about it.My only interest was in who directed it: Soderbergh, whose stunningdebut "sex, lies and videotape" enthralled me in the late-80s andcontinues to, today. "Logan" has a plot that sounds more up the alleyof someone noted for directing rom-coms, and wanted to "mix things up"a bit. Surely Soderbergh would elevate this material, right?Sorry, Steven; you've done better and far more intelligent fare thanthis blah farce, rife w/ dingbat stereotypes. Devoid of much emotion,"Logan" has little to recommend it despite a willing cast.Suffice to say, the plot centers around two brothers, the younger ofwhich masterminds a crime involving a former job-site at the CharlotteMotor Speedway. THAT is as far as things go, interesting-wise. It willtake you about two seconds to solve how the crime will be perpetrated.As help, an inmate w/ the unlikely and silly name of Joe Bang isenlisted, who in turns enlists his brothers (I think; characters aregiven almost no back-story or explanation in this.) Bang sports ablonde crew-cut and the information he imparts could have been passedalong via a napkin drawing. Yet the brothers agree to a plan where (1)one brother sends himself into prison (2) Bang and Brother Elder aresmuggled out during a "riot" diversion and (3) Both enter back inbefore anyone's the wiser, following the heist.The problem I have w/ this unsalted dud is the lack of build-up toanything that happens. Everything comes off w/ almost no hitches; thefew "uh-oh" moments are defused by stupid track employees or convenientplot-devices. The audience is expected to believe CMS has no cameras,scant Security (despite CMS having its own Police force, we're told)and that Charlotte is just over the state line from West Virginia,among other ridiculous machinations going on.I give this 4 stars out of 10 for some attention to detail; when theheist is over, we see via time-jumps the lengths the crew went throughto pull off their crime and cover their tracks afterward (a trickSoderbergh showed us in "Ocean's 12.") Dwight Yoakam and the youngactress playing "Jimmy Logan's" daughter were a delight.But everyone else...meh at best, and miscast badly at worst. Much likeSoderbergh's "The Informant," his newest feature is really bland,underwhelming, undernourished; I've a sharp sense of humor, and thisone's barely worth a couple of chuckles. There's little in the way of action, or grit, or wit to keep your mindoff the fact "Logan" drags on and on...and on, past it's deliver-bydate. There is a charming scene ripped right from "Little Miss Sunshine,"which doesn't hold water: a little girl singing "Take Me Home, CountryRoads" in West Virginia will have PLENTY of company at a pageant.Nope. Not getting those suspiciously great reviews. "Logan" doesn'tmake me feel lucky at all. More like someone whose best game at Bingonight netted him three numbers in a row, counting the free space.