That's now two movies this year with Logan in their title that havemade their way into my top films of the year. Of course, it's entirelya coincidence, but perhaps Logan truly is lucky? Okay, a poor jokesure, but Logan Lucky is definitely one of the best films of the year.It has the Soderbergh personality mixed with the humor of a CoenBrother's film. That's a winning formula.It also helps that Soderbergh tends to get the absolute best out of hisactors. Think about Jennifer Lopez in Out of Sight (which I justrecently watched), I don't think she's ever been better in a film. Thesame could be said for some of the actors in Logan Lucky. ChanningTatum plays a recently jobless father who puts together a plan to robthe Charlotte Motor Speedway with his siblings and a few hardenedcriminals. Tatum's performance is mostly reserved, but the few momentsof real emotion are powerful enough to give the film a poignantundertone.Seems strange in a film where Soderbergh makes law enforcement looklike untrained animals to have poignant moments, but that's certainlythe case here. Sure, I joke about the way he portrays law enforcement,but I actually found the entire town to be more than entertaining.Soderbergh establishes the setting of West Virginia seamlessly here andmakes it known just how tightly knit to each other these people are.All of these things make Logan Lucky quite the thrill ride.Let's talk about that script though. Written by "Rebecca Blunt", whichis clearly a pseudonym for Soderbergh's wife, the script is perfectlytimed out with action beats and comedy flares that it could rivalOcean's Eleven as Soderbergh's most entertaining film to date. Yep, youheard me.Rounding out the cast is Daniel Craig, Adam Driver, Riley Keough, KatieHolmes, Seth MacFarlane, Katherine Waterson, Sebastian Stan, and HilarySwank. You best believe that each of them give a memorable turn astheir respected characters. As a whole, Logan Lucky delivers laughs,cheers, and even a few heartfelt moments, all while making one of themost entertaining heist adventures of the last few years.9.1/10