*Minor Spoilers Ahead* Logan Lucky centres on the Logan family. Jimmy(Channing Tatum), Clyde (Adam Driver) and Mellie (Riley Keough)) workblue collar jobs and try to get by. Jimmy is having a tough time rightnow, he's been laid off from his construction job and he's havingtrouble figuring out the custody of his daughter Sadie (FarrahMackenzie). He wasn't well off before and now that he's lost his job,he's approaching desperate. He enlists his brother and sister to helphim rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway vault, where he was workingfilling sinkholes before he was let go. But they'll need a little extrahelp so they go see Joe Bang (Daniel Craig) who is going to need to befreed from jail if he's going to be part of the crew.Steven Soderbergh carries a certain standard. When you go to watch oneof his movies, you expect a quality product. He's a well-rounded andexperienced director but he's also comfortable working within theheist/comedy genre. He directed the Ocean's 11 trilogy to mixed success(I really liked 11 and 13, 12 not so much). Where those movies focusedon the glamorous and theatrical side of robbing a casino, this moviehas a completely different vibe. Logan Lucky is primarily set in WestVirginia and North Carolina and instead of trying to ignore theattitude and style of those locations, they play it up in a strangelyrespectful way. Most of the characters in this movie aren't justrednecks, they're hardcore rednecks. Add in rusty pickup trucks, childbeauty pageants, John Denver songs, county fairs where they playhorseshoes with toilet seats etc. Yet the movie doesn't laugh at it,they seem to celebrate it. I laughed at these things but it was in thespirit of fun and I appreciated that instead of being cruel, the moviewalked the line of being funny and yet giving these people their due.The central hurdle of any heist movie is that they're always going tostretch the truth to add the required thrills. Is it to the point whereyou can still buy into the plot? Even though a lot of the charactersare as dumb as a bag of rocks, I was still able to go along with thismovie. Are certain points unrealistic? Definitely. Do they always do aneffective job explaining it? No, the movie is deliberately opaque evenfor this genre. But it never got to the point that I was angry with itor ready to check out. So while I can't promise complete realism, aslong as you're willing to go along with this, I don't think you'll havea problem with the logical leaps.Logan Lucky attracted the big name talent you would expect in aSoderbergh project and I think he got some really great performancesout of them. Channing Tatum has transformed into a decent leading man.He's funny in the right places, dramatic in the others. He's consistentwith his accent and he's does a solid job. Adam Driver is also good ashis brother Clyde but his accent was touch too slow. Riley Keough givesan underrated performance but she's not given as much to do as thetrailer would lead you to believe. There's a lot of superb acting fromsupporting performances: Farrah Mackenzie, Katie Holmes, Jack Quaid andBrian Gleeson. I didn't like Hilary Swank as much and although he wasdecent, Seth MacFarlane pushes the chewing the scenery boundaries. Theguy who steals the show is Daniel Craig as Joe Bang. He looks like he'soverjoyed to be doing this and although he's hamming it up, he'sawesome in Logan Lucky. I think his performance will be one of the morememorable aspects of Logan Lucky.My biggest problem with Logan Lucky is that the movie gets bogged downwith meaningless subplots and it introduces characters that have littleto nothing to do with the plot. Sebastian Stan's character of DaytonWhite has almost nothing to do with the central plot and I kept waitingfor his subplot to pay off and it just never came. It was the samething with Katherine Waterson's character Sylvia Harrison. Its nicethat they setup a potential love interest for Jimmy but when youconsider their scene together, it has no impact and I don't understandwhy Stan and Waterson were featured in the marketing for this. Themovie didn't drag for me but coming out of the theatre with the friendI saw this with, we were adding things up and realizing how much theycould have cut out of this.After stepping out of the theatre and discussing things with my friend,it crossed my mind that I could really pick this movie apart if Iwanted. But the bottom line is that I had a big grin on my face for theentirety of the movie. This movie was a lot of fun and while that seemslike a simplistic description, that's honestly how I felt. The moviewas well-shot, funny and it rarely missteps. At worst, the moviedoesn't know when things need be streamlined a little more. If you'relooking for a fun and offbeat heist movie, give this a chance.