The 2013 crime thriller Side Effects was meant to mark the feature filmretirement of Steven Soderbergh, director of the Ocean's trilogy andMagic Mike. Fortunately, Soderbergh's retirement would be short- lived,lasting a total of 4 years. Now, after dabbling in television with theTV movie, Behind the Candelabra and TV show The Knick, Soderbergh makeshis return to cinema with yet another heist film, this one being LoganLucky. Soderbergh proves once again he is a talented director and canpull off the cinematic magic trick that is the heist movie. Be that asit may, Logan Lucky does feel far too similar to Soderbergh's greatestcinematic success, Ocean's Eleven. Fortunately, however, Soderbergh isaware of this and so creates interesting characters and obtainsfantastic performances from his actors, which together save Logan Luckyfrom total self-plagiarism.Logan Lucky is a heist movie, a beautifully shot, directed and writtenheist movie, nothing more and nothing less. And so it is easy toclassify the film as unoriginal and a regurgitation of Soderbergh'sprevious work. To an extent, this is correct, from a story, plot andnarrative point of view, Logan Lucky is a hillbilly version of Ocean'sEleven, but from a character and setting point of view, it is not.Whoever the mysterious Rebecca Blunt may be, they have written thisfilm as best it could've been, that being a lighthearted and fun heistfilm, filled with entertaining characters and dialogue exchanges. LoganLucky isn't the laugh-out-loud comedy of the year as some have alludedto, but it is, however, a fun and enjoyable film thanks in large partto the films phenomenal cast.As stated in the aforementioned paragraphs, the film's script createsintriguing characters with entertaining dialogue exchanges made all themore pleasurable by the fantastic ensemble cast. Channing Tatum andAdam Driver work very well together and are believable as brothers. Thetwo also perform well in their own right as well as interacting withone another. This being said, Channing Tatum and Adam Driver may be theleads in this film, but they aren't the stars of Logan Lucky. The staris Daniel Craig. Craig steals every scene he's in as the bomb expertJoe Bang. He completely transforms himself away from hisclean-cut-yet-rough-around-the- edges James Bond image, to completelyembody the southern American prison inmate he plays in this film. Craigswaps charm with charisma and completely shines in Logan Lucky. This isone of the very few times I haven't seen the actor in a character, Ionly could see the character. I believed I was watching Joe Bang notDaniel Craig as Joe Bang. This is by far one of the best supportingactor performances of 2017.Aside from the unoriginality of the film's narrative, Logan Lucky lacksa crucial aspect in storytelling that prevents you from really caringabout the action that takes place, this is character motivation. LoganLucky is unclear as to why any character plays their part in thisheist. Why does Clyde get involved so easy when he tells Jimmy hiscriminal days are behind him? Why does Joe Bang go along with theLogan's complicated plan to sneak him in and out of prison when he has5 months left until release? Would he really risk more time on hissentence on a plan held together by human stupidity and coincidence?Probably not. It's not that these motivations are unclear, it's thatthey just aren't there. As a consequence of this, the stakes don't feelas high and again, as I've already mentioned, you cannot get investedin any of the characters.Overall, Logan Lucky is a fun time to be had. With beautifulcinematography by Steven Soderbergh, marvellous directing by StevenSoderbergh and an amusing script probably written by Steven Soderbergh,Logan Lucky is a pleasant watch. It's not a hilarious and wacky rollercoaster ride of a film, nor is it one you can truly invest in, but it'sa brilliantly well acted and light-hearted film that startsSoderbergh's return on a high.