It's truly the overblown, fake reviewed movie version of Dianetics!They bought their own books to make it look like a fantasticbestseller.I've seen people praise it because they feel it accurately portraysSoutherners! Holy stereotyping 200,000,000 people Batman! This is whatthese kids truly think nowadays, about half the country!OK here we got Channing Tatum, a guy who gets fired, and decided to robthe Coca-Cola 600. He's not a likable person. He's not doing this outof revenge or anything, and somebody even says "What did NASCAR ever doto you?" to which there's no response? There's no build up of arelationship with the recruits.They, like the critics simply go along because hey, it's Channing, oursecret boy crush.People say what Channing does in the end is a plot twist. Really? Wewere shown nothing to make us think he wouldn't screw everybody over?When I read review after review that praises this, I really wonder ifhalf the reviewers actually sat through the movie? Honest to God, not one outburst of laughter from a full audience! Yetit's constantly referred to in reviews as a fun, funny, hilariousmovie. The only other conclusion is...reviewers are getting paid off?Everybody is stupid a sa rock! Everybody(underlying, subtle themeSoutherners, NASCAR is for retarded rednecks)but not in a dumb anddumber comedic way. In an insulting the entire South way. Way toalienate your paying customers!You know, I never really got the pretentious Oceans movies, anyway.They're simply big cast throw together movies. And now they're makingan all female version? They're Love Boat with a heist. Do people reallyworship the hip new movie stars instead of a deity, nowadays?How bad, miscast, and trying to be funny, but falling flat is thismovie? Imagine dubbing James Bond with Huckleberry Hounds VOICE ANDACCENT and restraining somebody and making them watch it for 2 hours.I see Rex Reed pretty much agrees with my assessment. All the othercritics are acting like they discovered Soderbergh's Godfather 11.One more thing, the Screenwriter is not a real person. This is beingtossed around as cool, and vogue. Being too embarrassed to want peopleto know it's you is cool? That's the funniest thing in this movie!