Logan Lucky is a black comedy heist film written by Rebecca Blunt anddirected by Steven Soderbergh of Ocean's Eleven (2001), Traffic (2000),and Erin Brockovich (2000) fame. "Rebecca Blunt" is an unknown Britishscreenwriter, which has led some to speculate the name is a pseudonym.Whatever the case, it's a fun movie with the same fast-paced and cleverfilm making as the Ocean's series.When Jimmy Logan's (Channing Tatum) ex-wife, Bobbie Jo Chapman (KatieHolmes), plans to take their daughter, Sadie (Farrah Mackenzie), fromWest Virginia to North Carolina with her new husband, Moody Chapman(David Denman), two Appalachian families rob the Charlotte MotorSpeedway during the Coca-Cola 600 to pay for a lawyer to contest themove. The threat of the "Logan family curse" hangs ominously over theoperation.Jimmy is aided by his one-handed brother, Clyde (Adam Driver), theirsister, Mellie (Riley Keough), and Joe Bang (Daniel Craig) and hisbrothers Fish (Jack Quaid) and Sam (Brian Gleeson). Together, this crewof eccentric misfits pulls off the heist and each lives happily everafter, or so it seems. In the final scene, we see a FBI agent played byHilary Swank carefully watching them under cover.The song "Take Me Home, Country Roads" by John Denver, a nostalgictribute to West Virginia, frames the movie. As it opens, we see JimmyLogan and his daughter fixing a truck while listening to the song. Nearthe end, Sadie gives an unpracticed but heartfelt rendition of the songduring the talent portion of a beauty contest, winning over theaudience and judges.In Logan Lucky, everyone seems to get what they want, except JimmyLogan himself. Sadie wins the beauty contest, Joe Bang replaces themoney his wife stole, Clyde gets a mechanical hand, Sylvia Harrison(Katherine Waterston) receives a large donation for her mobile freeclinic, and even the Charlotte Motor Speedway gets a huge insurancepayout after the robbery. But Jimmy's original purpose for stealing themoney goes unfulfilled.Because Logan Lucky was deliberately crafted as a "poor man's Ocean'sEleven," it's difficult to evaluate one without the other. Both areentertaining, fast-paced, smart, and a little subversive, but LoganLucky fails in areas where Ocean's Eleven succeeded, particularly inthe realm of character development.With such an ensemble cast, it was difficult to follow all thecharacters' motivations. In Oceans Eleven it was easy because they wereall thieves and their motivation was obvious, to get rich and pull offthe most daring heist in history?to do something no criminal has everdone before.In Logan Lucky, Jimmy Logan's motivation is explained, but most of hisaccomplices are just average people who are trying to put pasttransgressions behind them. His sister, Mellie, seems to be just goingalong with the scheme for no reason at all. No one even really tries totalk him out of it.The characters in Ocean's Eleven are likable and have fully-developedpersonalities. Despite being criminals, we want to spend time withthose characters and hope they succeed. In contrast, personality quirkssubstitute for genuine personalities in Logan Lucky, and we never feelanimus for the Charlotte Motor Speedway like we did for casino ownerTerry Benedict.Joe Bang likes to eat boiled eggs. Clyde Logan has one hand andobsesses over the Logan family curse. Fish and Sam "got right with theLord" and enjoy hanging out at the carnival. Mellie is a hair stylist.Beyond repetition of these character traits, they are just weird andgross people.Moody Chapman, in contrast, seems like an upstanding guy, despite aquestionable approach to parenting (his sons, played by Boden andSutton Johnston, are hilarious). Despite Bobbie Jo having full custodyof Sadie, he has no problem with Jimmy Logan spending time with hisdaughter and tries to treat both Jimmy and Mellie as family. For hisefforts, they make fun of him, reject his overtures, and even trash hissports car. The audience is supposed to sympathize with these jerks?Despite these shortcomings, Logan Lucky is a well-made and entertainingfilm that's fun to watch and keeps the audience on its toes. It playson Southern stereotypes but not in a condescending or demeaning way. Itcontinues the tradition of "white trash" comedies including RaisingArizona (1987) and O Brother, Where Art Thou? (2000) and is a welcomedeparture from the other lazy, poorly written and acted comediesreleased this year.