I have to give it a 5, because honestly, my wife loved it, so there issomething there. It's not a "thinker", and it's not clever. I think thebest way to describe it is a good movie you can watch while doingsomething else.My biggest problems with the movie are below, but before that, theacting was good and there were some lines that were very good and jokesthat totally landed. I honestly didn't realize it was a StevenSoderberg movie until the credits at the end. The lighting was good,consistent. The editing, well I'm not sure they had to work with andwhat the director/producer wanted, but I felt like it could have beenbetter. Overall, I feel like the cast and crew were committed and gavetheir best.The downers are mostly script related though there were some very poordirecting choices (which is funny, because I said the same thing aboutthe Ocean's movies, but they could get away with it because the scriptand performances were untouchable.)1. There is so much talk about the area and the geography it becamevery clear 5 minutes in that the writer has never been to the area,they just looked it up on a map. Case in point, if this all happened inreal life, it would be nearly a 5 hour drive to and from WV toCharlotte each time.2. I had no connection with the characters. I just didn't care becausethey weren't set up, their needs/wants.Why did Jimmy need to rob a bank in the first place? He didn't needthat much money to move to Lynchburg (I mean if he's commuting 5 hoursfor a job in Charlotte, wouldn't a 4 hour drive to Lynchburg be thesame or better)? Does he have a history of crime or robbing banks?What motivated the idea in the first place? (Had the scene where hesaved the worker's life when he was buried in the tunnel, been theopening scene (before credits) it wouldn't have come out of the blueand felt more natural.A good example of not setting up characters, is that it was a good 1/2hour into the movie before I realized that Milly was Jimmy's sister,not his girlfriend.3. Why did his brother go along with him? Why was Joe Bang interested?Why would Joe Bang want his brothers involved when one of them hadhelped his wife steal Joe's savings? Why did Joe even want anyone elseinvolved especially his brothers who opened their mouths about hissavings?Joe and his brothers never even had good chemistry and only a fewminutes on screen together.4. Adam Driver never had to go to prison in the first place...so why?If he didn't there was no need for the brothers anyway.5. The story with the nurse was so weak...it really didn't need to bein there.6. The FBI characters where introduced so late into the story it isjust distracting. You have to introduce the main characters in thefirst act you can't pull them into the story that far in.7. What was the point of giving the money back? The only people theyscrewed over were the Bang Brothers. But there never felt like therewas any animosity between the Logans and Bangs, and there was never asuggestion the Bangs were even upset at the end when they got screwedover...so why?8. Why did a multi-millionaire walk into a crappy bar in WV at thestart of the movie? Couldn't Jimmy and his brother crossed paths withhim in a more realistic setting like, the motor speedway that Jimmy wasworking at?9. I didn't need the back story to the race car driver, that just ateup time and wasn't funny.10. Why give that much money to the prison at the end but completelyscrew over the Bang brother who did more work? Why give the banker withthe cake get money?I was just kind of shocked this script was bought. The writer isapparently a pen name, so I'm assuming someone very famous who islikely an actor in the movie was the writer and that's probably theonly reason it was picked up.But after all that, most people don't get that obsessed with the storylike I do (ie, my wife) and if you're looking for something fun, yeah Idon't think you can go wrong with the movie...it could have beenfunnier, it could have been more clever, but it wasn't a horriblemovie, just some very poor writing.