It is almost a perfect fit having Sodenbergh at the helm of this film,a fun caper of what some might call the perfect crime. Cleverly puttogether and masterfully acted by the likes of Craig and Tatum, tworeliable performers who have been giving us a share of delights in thelast decade. Somehow, overshadowed by others, there's no chance of thathappening here, and both draw attention to their respective characters.Tatum's is low key and earns our sympathies early in the story. It'shard to believe that he is the driving force behind the plan. He walksaround as if always hurting, an open heart who lives solely to makesure his kid is a happy child and does her best considering she spendsher time between two separated parents.The mood is set right from the start when one can see the beautifulconnection these two share. Having her clarify whether he needs a flathead or a Phillips screwdriver is one of the most heartfelt moments ofthe year. There is also a strong bond between the two brothers, and itis also full of quiet interactions. It also becomes clear during theirexchanges who is the smart one in the family, who is the leader, andwho is the follower.The plan requires the involvement of the Craig character, a expert inexplosive devices who needs the right incentive and challenge to joinin. He does his part, treating those along the way to a series of veryinteresting and salacious remarks. He has a twinkle in his eye andirradiates a charm that is hard to fight. He has his connections andpeculiarities, and all of them are put to good use while executing therobbery.There is plenty of humor when we see the various exchanges between thedifferent characters. We have seen people like these before; but wehaven't quite seen them do the things they come up here. Everythingfeels real and though some of their lucky moments might make us raisean eyebrow, we cheer for them. There are the require obnoxiousstereotypes, but even those are likable. The tone remains constant, thepay off seems justified, and well, do we end up with a happy ending?That's to be decided both on and off screen.We only hope that all these parts of the delightful whole arerecognized at the end of the year because Tatum delivers and Craig topshimself in one performance that is so such a transformation, we know weare witnessing really good acting. There is a powerful forcecomplimenting his shocking exterior. It's hard to believe this is theman who walks around in those expensive suits and wouldn't be happywith his gin fixed anyway but the one he prefers.