Logan Lucky tells the story of Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum), a man downon his luck. He lost his job on a construction site because he has alimp he didn't report when he applied (and doesn't affect his job as adriver). He's divorced with a wife moving away who has full custody ofhis daughter. He has a brother, Clyde (Adam Driver), a bartender wholost his hand in one of the many wars. It's referred to locally as theLogan Curse. The Logans' simply seem unable to catch a break.Perhaps, there's a chance for their luck to change. Jimmy reveals toClyde a complex heist plan he's put together that could help theirlives exponentially. The plan is so complex it even involves breakingJoe Bang (Daniel Craig) out of prison, getting his help, and gettinghim back in prison without anyone noticing he's gone.Logan Lucky is a fun and quirky movie. It's filled with characters thatcould easily be cut from the film and bare no impact on the finalproduct. Seth MacFarlane's Max Chilblain, Katherine Waterston's SylviaHarrison, and Sebastian Stan's Dayton White could all be cut from thefilm and the story would play out exactly the same. Their inclusion inthis film is baffling.However, much of that is moot since when this movie works, it veryentertaining. From the cast, the real highlight is Craig's Joe Bang. Aman who appears rather simple and is very crass, yet proves through themovie that is he unusually intelligent. In many ways Tatum's JimmyLogan has many of these qualities though not nearly as crass.Although, I can spend the rest of the review praising the cast for alldoing a great job (even the unnecessary ones), the real star of thisfilm is Steven Soderbergh's direction. Returning to the chair after avery short lived retirement. He shows that his four year break has donenothing to dampen his eye for film.This is that rare film that is equal parts style and substance. There'sa clear story here about how we can create our own luck as long aswe're willing to take the opportunities when they present themselves.Logan Lucky is hardly a flawless film by any means. It does have atendency to meander, but never too far off. Two hours with the Logansare two hours you won't regret.