Ironic that the Godfather of Once Popular Actors Shunned From HollywoodLiterally Overnight, Mel Gibson, peaks his head out this weekendfollowing several male showbiz careers being either wrecked or shamed(Kevin Spacey for starters)...Also ironic is that his old school blunt tough guy character needed tobe much more politically-incorrect in order to ruffle feathers i.e.intentionally screw up the Christmas spirit, which could have wieldedmore gusto from Mel, and laughs from us: He's a womanizing formerastronaut butting heads with estranged son Mark Wahlberg, whilesuper-friendly Will Ferrell cozily bonds with his even moreridiculously saccharine father in John Lithgow...What begins as a one-up imitation of the original (first two dads andnow two granddads) gets a needed push when DADDY'S HOME 2 becomes anall-out snowy vacation flick... As in Christmas VACATION...Particularly a scene where the most reluctant member has to chop down areal tree for the living room. Unfortunately, a lot of the physicalgags are either too familiar or simply feel contrived. Worse yet, inWill Ferrell's case, it takes away from his "oblivious nice guy"character that still kinda works ? anyone can be substituted with astunt double to fall off a roof, etc...What's good is that DH2 is corny and knows it, chewing away rabidly atthe "this was supposed to be fun and it isn't" routine (along with oldtunes like England's superior "We Are The World" rival "Feed TheWorld") until it slightly resembles something of its own. Meanwhile,the kids help more than hinder the overall mood and pace: Very neededsince Gibson's gruff sarcasm towards Ferrell and Lithgow comes acrossmore contemptuous than funny, especially since the latter plays atalkative boob who's way too kindhearted and friendly: The awkwardmoments that the film builds on purpose aren't nearly as uncomfortableas the curt reactions that follow each. And until the end, Wahlberggets lost in the mix but... Somehow it works... Go figure... (PS Foryoungsters to sharpen-up on or discover the formerly- young granddadactors, watch LETHAL WEAPON for one, and for a real surprise, BrianDePalma's BLOW OUT for the other.) (cultfilmfreaks.com)