Daddy's Home 2 had the potential of being comedic and fun like how thefirst film was. But like most comedy sequels, this one was a dud withmost of the laughs already shown in the trailers. While the rest of the90 or so minutes being completely a drag and boring. The first film wasa lot of fun with the concept of step dad vs. dad with Will Ferrell vs.Mark Wahlberg. They do make a perfect comedic duo. Daddy's Home 2 triesfor the cheap laughs and gags but it's less than the first, and thenewcomers were a fun addition like Mel Gibson and John Lithgow. Butthere talent was not enough to save this film. Not even Mark Wahlberg,and Will Ferrell chemistry was good enough to make it worth watching. The plot follows Brad (Will Ferrell) and Dusty (Mark Wahlberg) beingcodads with their children. Dusty is trying to get along with hisresistant stepdaughter who pays too much attention to her phone. While,the kids going back and forth between their stepfather and fatherbecomes a tiresome. They decide to celebrate Christmas together in onehousehold. Then, comes the surprise when Dusty's father (Mel Gibson)calls and says he is coming over. When Dusty and Brad's fathers arecoming to visit their grandkids. They decide to go on a holiday retreatto beat having to debate where they are opening gifts and whose housethey are having dinner at. Then, that's where the fun begins with Bradand Dusty's parenting is being criticized by their own fathers withGibson's tough love parenting vs. Lithgow's sensitive compassionparenting comes to play. I love Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell chemistry in the first film.Sadly, this sequel fails to generate any laughs or gags. Most of thefun parts were already shown in the trailers. Mel Gibson's character islike a dead beat with jokes about hookers, teaching boys to be toughman and to hunt to provide for their ladies. While the ladies stay inthe kitchen and cook. Which caused his granddaughter to take charge andwanting to hunt a turkey and learn how to shoot a rifle. While JohnLithgow is a sensitive father figure, that gets emotional at everysingle thing. But when Dusty's father sees that his stepdaughter iswalking all over the parents. He lectures that Dusty needs to lay thehammer with discipline. The film's script is dried out with lacking humor this time with theconcept of grandfather vs. grandfather, and who can raise their kidsbetter. But it just wasn't as funny as the first.Overall, Daddy's Home 2 is a terrible film. The script is lacking inhumor. There were barely any laughs or gags. The plot was boring. I rate the film 1.5 out of 5 stars. I do not recommend the film unlessyou are really bored, otherwise I ll consider it as a rental.