Dad's, the other half of the parental equation and perhaps one of themost dynamic job roles in the human repertoire. This responsibility isastounding for this job, each approached in a different way based onthe personality of the dad. And just like the moms, Hollywood felt itwas necessary to make a movie portraying this job, in an often-comicalmanner, to help portray the struggle and hopefully teach a lesson.Robbie K back in the movie theater trenches to review another hitfeature entitled Daddy's Home 2 starring Will Ferrell and MarkWahlberg. Will the dynamic duo get the magic right, or is this a seriesthat needs a divorce? Read on to find out. LIKES:Fun: If you remember the first movie, you know that Daddy's Home is avery fun, cute film for a majority of the family. That same atmospherecomes off in this sequel, bringing the youthful adventure of the firstfilm, but with a holiday twist and a grandparent theme done right. Ourdirecting team did a nice job of integrating all these new componentsinto a fast-moving tale that provides simplistic laughs, hard hittingbanter, and a few heartwarming moments that just make you feel good, orat least accomplished that you aren't incompetent like these dads. The Story: Yes, surprisingly Daddy's Home 2 has a story, albeit asimplistic one that focuses on emphasizing many things not to do withyour kids, and sneaking in a few life lessons along the way. The talecontinues from where we left off with our two dads becoming friends andtrying to live life peacefully. But like the trailers portray, theirdads arrive for the holidays and bring a whole new set of challenges.During the journey of surviving the holidays, Dusty and Brad begin tounravel more of their backstory and fears, all while facing thechallenges of parenting young kids. As these challenges start to taperoff though, the important family themed lessons begin to get doled out,to hopefully establish respect at the difficulties of fatherhood andfamily. Cheesy and run of the mill, yes. Enjoyable though, absolutely. Integration of Characters: With their extended cast comes challenges ofbalance, and Daddy's Home 2 did a nice job integrating all theircharacters into the mix. Unlike the mother version of this movie (BadMom's Christmas), Daddy's Home 2 manages to give all the charactersstories that interlink, pushing each person to develop themselves onsome, often messed up, level. Sure, the wives needed some more screentime and development, but even these diluted tales fit well into themovie and keep pace with the comedic energy of the movie. TheGrandfathers are even more impressively pushed into the tale, not onlyproviding launch points for the comedic one-liners, but also helpingwith Dusty and Brad's own progression. And the kids as well fitperfectly into the mix, bringing with them issues, comedic jabs, and acuteness factor to keep things interesting. DISLIKES:Stupid Comedy: Yes, Comedy is often a genre loaded with stupidity, butthe presentation is what's important (see Thor Ragnarok for goodpresentation). Daddy's Home 2 traversed the path of over the top,ridiculous slapstick that is so stupid and unbelievable at points.While movies can suspend reality, these stunts were a little toofar-fetched for me. Even worse, is that the stunts and comedic deviceswere super repetitive, lacking any clever twists or delivery to warrantbragging about. And while the simple comedy can be fun at times, it'ssad to see such gestures over used when other movies have learned theart of comedy. Impressionable habits: Daddy's Home 2 has plenty of annoying characterquarks to make you grind your teeth to the nerves. Unfortunately, manyof these annoyances come in the form of the bratty kids and the cruel,selfish tactics that they flaunt so well. While older audience memberswill hopefully know right from wrong, younger audience members may findthese antics repeatable to the point of making them habits. And muchlike the comedy, these habits are over exaggerated, a little extreme,and eye rolling by the second or third portrayal. The movie does a poorjob of showing punishment for these habits, and does a poor job ofshowing the right approach to dealing with these flaws. Guess it is aWill Ferrell movie, though right?Trailers spoiled: We know trailers ruin surprises, but Daddy's Home 2has given away a majority of the laughs for this movie. While the plotis relatively safe, much of the comedy can be seen, for free mind you,in the four or five circulating trailers. The result?are stale scenesthat have already run the course before the film even starts.Fortunately, Mel Gibson's got some comedic gold hidden in the unairedsequences and the kids have a few zingers, but not enough to warrantthis movie fresh if you watch television or YouTube enough. The VERDICT:Daddy's Home 2 doesn't deviate far from the formula that made the firstone a success. Simplistic laughs, a nice family friendly story is allwrapped in the 90-minute run time to satisfy your movie craving. It'sbiggest strengths again are the fun atmosphere and well-balanced screentime of the cast. Unfortunately, these strengths are offset byridiculous slapstick, impressionable annoyances, and stale comedyspoiled by the trailers. Certainly, this movie is a good holiday laughfest, but this reviewer does not recommend a theater visit in hishonest opinion, not with Thor 3 being much better in comedy. My Scores are:Comedy: 7.0 Movie Overall: 5.0