Greetings again from the darkness. It's rare for a sequel to be abetter film than the original, and we are entering unicorn territorywhen dealing with comedy sequels improving on the first film. Sohearing that most of the original cast is back for material from thesame creative team ? director Sean Anders and his co-writers BrianBurns and John Morris ? well, expectations would normally be prettylow. However, all of that changes when we learn of two cast/characteradditions: Mel Gibson and John Lithgow.After the fierce daddy competition between Brad (Will Ferrell) andDusty (Mark Wahlberg) in the original two years ago, this film picks upwith what looks to be a very healthy co-dad environment for allinvolved. In comedy-based cinema, the best way to disrupt a happyfamily synergy is to introduce the Christmas season and the sure-to-follow family turmoil. Enter Mel Gibson as Dusty's estranged dad, andJohn Lithgow as Brad's so-close-it's-too-close dad ? and let theholiday escapades begin.At its core, this is an observational comedy about the contrast betweenold school and contemporary fatherhood - machismo vs emotionally open.Mel Gibson is key to the story working on multiple levels, and hisperformance is a reminder of his immense screen talent (in spite hispersonal life issues). His character's idea of being a father has beenaround for many generations. Toughen up the kids and make sure they arestrong and independent. Keep those emotions close to the vest. On theother side is John Lithgow and his over-hugging and blubbering truefeelings approach. The familiar supporting cast holds up their end admirably. LindaCardellini and Alessandra Ambrosio are back as Brad's and Dusty'swives, respectively. Scarlett Estevez, Owen Vaccaro, and Didi Costineare back as the kids ? each with their own quirks and growing pains.Even John Cena returns as Adrianna's biological father, and to deliverone of the film's best punchlines, as well as a bit that might foreverruin Christmas caroling for you.The trailer, as with most comedies these days, gives away too many ofthe funny moments, so don't expect any additional spoilers here. Thereis some comedy brilliance mixed in with the cheesy, over-the- topslapstick (a snowblower scene that could have easily worked inChristmas VACATION almost 30 years ago). The brilliant moments areoften the quieter ones, and they focus on parenting, family, and thechallenges of childhood. There is a surprising and unusual cameo nearthe end, and the movie is well executed to satisfy its built-inaudience, while also capitalizing on those who enjoy (and/or need) agood, clean comedy at Christmas time.