Daddy's Home 2 is my latest review. It's a follow-up to 2015's surprisehit, Daddy's Home. The first outing wasn't great to begin with. Guesswhat, "2" is even worse.Remember when Chevy Chase got into all kinds of shenanigans duringNational Lampoon's Christmas Vacation? Well Will Ferrell does the sameexact shtick in Daddy's Home 2. Ferrell's gifts as a physical comedianare evident. The difference is that Chase's movie was done with a bitmore craft. Heck, it had an actual story mind you."2", with its clips of kids getting drunk on eggnog, a nativity scenebeing destroyed, Xmas lights getting caught in a snowblower, andcaptain "Sully" Sullenger making a small cameo, is a yuletide cash grabjust like A Bad Moms Christmas (released ten days earlier). The filmsare eerily similar with Daddy's Home 2 being the gender-flipped versionof "Christmas". With A Bad Moms Christmas, the males are reduced toforgotten caricatures as they harbor minimal dialogue and fade into thebackground. With "2", the females don't have much to do either in termsof the overall plot. They are merely around for decoration (ha-ha, getit?).Listen, "2" may be PG-13 (as opposed to A Bad Moms Christmas having ahard R) and it may be more slapstick in nature. Don't be fooled though.These flicks are mirror images of each other. They are both using theholidays as a hook to capitalize on the success of the originals. Yup,Daddy's Home 2 isn't a "home" worth saving. "2's" director (Sean Anders) sans production values and trouper,conflict coherency in favor of sloppy editing, too many characters(stepdads, stepmoms, grandpas, stepchildren, etc.), and perennial,movie star wattage. His "2" isn't an actual motion picture. It's moreof a series of set-ups, designed to get the viewer to chuckleoccasionally. Almost every scene in Daddy's Home 2 is manipulated (orinserted) onto the screen without a true reason for being. Oh and bythe way, Ferrell's pseudo-clumsiness here is definitely not rooted inreality. In the realm of casting, Anders brings in John Lithgow and Mel Gibsonto play the weirdo dads to Mark Wahlberg and Ferrell. Gibson, who hasalways been a favorite of mine, has obviously not been forgiven byHollywood yet. In his heyday, he would've never agreed to star insomething as shambolic as Daddy's Home 2. All in all, the final sequence in "2" involves everyone snowed in at amovie theater on Xmas day. As the whole cast belts out "Do They KnowIt's Christmas?", I realized that I need to picket the resurrection ofevery sequel from hear on out. Rating: 1 and a half stars.