For those still looking forward to Christmas, know that this week'sforced Holiday pabulum, Daddy's Home 2 is proof that we've all beennaughty this year and you should probably batten down the hatchesbefore Santa Claus comes to your home and s**ts underneath your tree.This movie is a horrid, rage-inducing, ill-conceived exercise indead-horse beating that's so on-its-face repulsive, that its obligatorylast act koombaya resembles an upside-down diaper that's been left onsomeone's windshield.Daddy's Home 2 takes the broadly-drawn animosities of the first filmand gives them a wider birth as Markie Mark and Wimpy Willy are visitedby their like-minded fathers played by Mel Gibson and John Lithgow forChristmas. Looking for a way to get underneath everyone's skin, justbecause, Mel Gibson AirB&B's a rustic snow-swept cabin and eggseveryone into a blended family blowout. As you would expect the moviethen devolves into clichéd comedic hijinks not funny since the ReaganEra to relay a message (I guess) not relevant since Archie Bunker wasstill on TV.On its face, this movie has every glaring, stupid, simpering problemthe first one did. Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg are still cardboardjumbles of male insecurity and chauvinism stuck in an ever-escalatinggame of one-upsmanship. The kids are still lingering afterthoughts whochime in only when the plot needs a shift in tone. The story itselfstill plays out like a tour of loosely connected contrivances laboringto maintain a PG-13 rating and Linda Cardellini still plays a feckless,inconsequential support figure. Admittedly, Cardellini does have a tinybit more to do here but that comes at the expense of having her playopposite the wooden Alessandra Ambrosio ? ouch.What makes this movie so much worse however is the inclusion of MelGibson's character which somehow takes the tired affectations ofWahlberg's Dusty and strips them of everything resembling an adult. Theactor may be pushing sixty-two but Gibson's toxic grandpa (or padre ashe insists on calling himself) is a terror on the level of The ProblemChild (1990). Never has there been a more irredeemably terriblecharacter worthy of being pushed out onto an ice flow. Yet, the moviesomehow thinks Dusty and Brad (Ferrell) are the ones that need to beemasculated, electrocuted and pelted with snowballs. Gibson does getshot once - so that's nice.The film's big climax takes place in a movie theater. An interestingchoice since it only serves to highlight the woeful fact that if you'vegotten this far without walking out, you're definitely won't get yourmoney back. The movie then ends in a syrupy sweet crescendo ofsing-songy holiday cheer so forced it should be arrested for assault.The Song "Do They Know It's Christmas" was never played on heavyrotation at my house during the holidays, but after watching thismonstrosity, I wanted to buy the record just so I have somethingphysical to destroy. Maybe if I'm good all next year, I can treatmyself to skeet shooting the Blu-ray of this derelict piece of batdroppings instead. Yes, I'll probably ask Santa for that.