'DADDY'S HOME 2': Four Stars (Out of Five) A sequel to the 2015 hit comedy starring Will Ferrell and MarkWahlberg, as two rival fathers competing for the same children's love.In this follow-up they're now friends, and they have to deal with theirown fathers visiting for the holidays, who are also complete oppositesas well of course. Mel Gibson and John Lithgow join the cast, as theelder dads, while Linda Cardellini and John Cena also reprise theirroles from the original movie. The film was once again directed by SeanAnders, and it was written by Anders and John Morris (the same duo alsoco-wrote the original, as well as 'HOT TUB TIME MACHINE', 'SEX DRIVE','SHE'S OUT OF MY LEAGUE', 'WE'RE THE MILLERS', 'HORRIBLE BOSSES 2', andother hit comedies). This film has received nearly unanimous negativereviews from critics, but it's done really well at the Box Office (andwith viewers there). I thought it was pretty funny too actually.Brad and Dusty (Ferrell and Wahlberg) now get along perfectly, and ourdoing a really effective job co-parenting their kids together. Thenboth of their fathers, Kurt (Gibson) and Don (Lithgow), decide to visitthem for the holidays. Kurt is extremely egotistical, obsessivelymasculine, and a bit of a sexist asshole. Don is really sweet, kind andfriendly. More family drama occurs because of their visit, which causesconflict between Brad and Dusty again as well. Especially when Bradinvites the biological father (Cena) of Dusty's stepdaughter over.The movie is frequently very funny. It definitely has some bad jokes init too, and it's a pretty routine family Christmas comedy, but it'sstill mostly funny. Adding Gibson to the cast, as the womanizingchauvinistic pig, was brilliant casting in my opinion as well, and he'shilarious in the role. Lithgow is also good in his part too, andFerrell and Wahlberg are both effective once again too. I actuallyenjoyed this sequel more than it's predecessor; it seems more packedwith quality humor to me, at least in my opinion. It's also more funthat it's set at Christmas (in my opinion as well).