There's a scene early in "Daddy's Home 2" where we watch a carfast-forward to a stop. There's no reason for the footage to be playedat an accelerated speed.The scene could serve as a metaphor for the entire movie.There is a great deal to like about "Daddy's Home 2": Some trulybend-over laughing comedy, a look at legitimate family dynamics, andsome heart-warming (and heart-breaking) moments of relationships beingformed, damaged, and mended. But all of it happens too quickly.From the movie's beginning, the frantic pace serves most of the comedywell; but in the film's most important scenes, when both the charactersand the audience need a moment to consider what they/we are involvedin...ZZZIIIPPPP, the pace just keeps on racing."Daddy's Home 2" is a good movie; a solid kick-off to the holidayseason. I want to like it more, but I can't find my way to rate ithigher than a 6 on a scale of 10. It could have been better, but themanic pace doesn't reward the impressive acting.Especially good is Linda Cardellini as Sara, the wife/ex-wife of thetwo main protagonists. She keeps the borderline silliness grounded andprovides a necessary character for the audience to identify with; sheprojects the perfect sense of exasperation, bemusement and affectionfor the two dolts she loves.Especially unpleasant is Mel Gibson as Kurt Mayron, father of MarkWahlberg's Dusty. He is so singularly boorish that even when the filmtries to redeem him, his character is too far gone to like.There are a couple of scenes that may suggest "Daddy's Home 2" isinappropriate for preteens. One, involving the two daughters gettingdrunk, is mercifully brief but just too wrong for my comfort. Theother, involving younger daughter Megan (played by Scarlett Estevez)learning to hunt, is simultaneously chilling and one of those"bend-over laughing" scenes I mentioned.As it was finishing, I felt the movie tried too hard to give me acheerful holiday ending. A bloated production number was unworthy ofthe goodwill the rest of the movie had earned, although the cast'srendition of "Do They Know It's Christmas" is, despite the horrors ofauto-tune, a contrivance that works.