Grade: BRating: PG-13, 1 hour, 40 minutesIn a Nutshell: "We're back with more daddies!" says Will Ferrell'scharacter, easily the tag-line for this movie.It's a funny sequel that also has some touching, cheesy moments, whichwill put you in the Christmas spirit and inspire you to celebrate yourown crazy, dysfunctional family.Uplifting theme: Divorce doesn't end the relationship. My parents weredivorced when I was a little girl, but they continually have toassociate with each other because of their children. Instead ofcompeting for their kids' love, parents and step-parents should be gladthat there are more parents around who can love and support theirchildren. It's never perfect, but it's better than hating each other,which hurts the kids and puts them in a difficult situation. "You'rethe only one who can ruin Christmas." ? Brad Whitaker (Will Ferrell)Family comes in all shapes and sizes. Love, patience and forgiveness.Things I liked: The leading men were very entertaining and had greatchemistry together. They are all equally talented at comedy as they arein at drama. Wait, have we ever seen Will Ferrell in a serious drama?The cabin where they stayed was awesome! I stayed in an AirBnB home inArizona that had the same awesome shower. Mark Wahlberg did a greatjob. There's an interesting article that reveals Wahlberg hopes thatGod will forgive him for his past mistakes and movies. While Mel Gibsonplays Mark Wahlberg's dad, he is only 15 years older. Surprising,right? I thought it was funny when Mel Gibson's character demands thathis grandchildren call him "El Padre." My dad decided he wanted hisgrandchildren to call him "Sir", so now they call him "GrampSir." Ha haThe "Be a man" bowling scene was funny and touching at the same time. Ihave 4 sons, so my husband gave that speech many times to our boys thatMel Gibson's character gave to the cute Dylan (Owen Vaccaro). The band"Chicago" is mentioned in a funny way and you also hear their musiclater from Chicago IX - Chicago's Greatest Hits. I went to one of theirconcerts back in the day. There's a really cool copper mug that severalpeople hold and drink out of. I looked on Amazon to see if I could findit and I did. It's called Moscow Mule Hammered Copper 18 Ounce DrinkingMug, Set of 4. I thought the movie "Missile Tow" sounded awesome! Ha haIt's the pretend movie that the families watch at a theater, featuringLiam Neeson. Linda Cardellin's characters says of the movie, "It haskids in it. How dirty can it be?" That was a big poke at the movieDaddy's Home 2 itself. The answer? The presence of kids definitelydoesn't mean the movie is clean or appropriate for kids to watch. Allof the characters sing! They don't all have great voices, but it'sstill really fun to see and hear them sing. John Cena has a much biggerrole in this movie than he did in the first Daddy's Home. If you're afan (who isn't?), you'll be happy to know that he voices the maincharacter in the movie FERDINAND that arrives in movie theaters nextmonth. Rumor has it that the next movie in this franchise will revolvearound him. The audience I sat with loved the surprise cameo at the endof the movie.Things I didn't like: The trailer showed lines that didn't actuallyappear in the movie. It definitely helps to have seen the first Daddy'sHome movie. You'll understand more jokes and the character developmentbetter. There are references to things that happened in the firstmovie. Some of the jokes fall flat. It often feels like a goofy sit-com with a laugh track and carefully placed music to tell you how tofeel.Funny lines: "I got some gender-neutral flashcards!" ?Brad Whitaker"The thermostat is a sacred covenant." ? Brad Whitaker (That's so true.When my sisters and I were growing up, we had a constant battle withour dad about the temperature in the house. We would dial thetemperature up to the high 70's and he would knock it back down to the60's. "It looks as if he's been chiseled out of Gibralter itself." ?Will Ferrell's character describing Mel Gibson's character.Tips for parents: There is a funny scene when Will Ferrell and JohnLithgow play car games during a long ride to a cabin in the snow anddrive everyone else nuts with their enthusiasm. What car games do youplay with your family? Here's a list you can use with your kids to makethe time go faster in the car and be more enjoyable. You see WillFerrell's back side in his underwear with an uncovered cheek. There isa lot of man-on-man kissing (father/son), as well as talk of Frenchkissing, and a gay moment where a boy wants to kiss another boy.Inappropriate sexual innuendos. Megan (adorable Scarlett Estevez) liftsup her shirt to look like her sexy step-mom. Later, she swears severaltimes and shoots a gun. Some sexist comments. Two of the little girlsget drunk. Didi Costine's character was such a bratty little girl. Shewas either on her cell phone the entire time or saying snotty things topeople. If you have a daughter, talk to her about some of thosebehaviors that can make a pretty girl become ugly. Andrea Anders has avery short part as a principal who tries to unsuccessfully convince theparents to put down their cell phones and iPads. I laughed out loud,because it's so true. Mel Gibson's character is a womanizer.MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice