Yorgos Lanthimos is one of those directors' people either love or hate,with most of his films being ever so subjective. They're always veryout there and sometimes very hard to follow or take seriously becauseof how bizarre they are. However, if there is one thing Lanthimos knowshow to do, it's how to make the audience feel tense and uncomfortableduring the entire duration of his films. The Killing Of a Sacred Deeris no exception. Lanthimos did a great job of making me feel uneasyfrom the very first opening shot, and making that feeling last for thefull 121 minutes.However, another trait he's known for is his strange characters, and Imean really messed up. It's as if his goal was to make all thecharacters in the film as unrelatable as possible. This removed anykind of emotional connection I could have had with the characters,which of course ruined a couple of scenes in the film for me. Thedialogue though, irritated me during the whole film. It's as if thewriters don't understand how people communicate and interact with oneanother, almost as if the writing team have all got autistictendencies. Like adults having conversations at dinner parties bringingup their daughters menstrual cycles and fully grown men showingteenagers their armpit hair are just two of many weird exchanges thecharacters make during the film. All of this however does add to theodd vibe that the director is clearly going for which is a success onhis part.However in films (especially in thrillers), I want to be able toconnect with the characters, to create a greater impact when somethingtragic happens to them. I don't want to be shaking my head at thedialogue and choices the characters make. But with the scrip that's allI seemed to be doing. I feel that if this film had the same plot andcinematography but changed its script, I would consider it an 8/10 butthe script (for me anyway) holds it back from achieving that by acouple of marks.IN SUMMARY: If you're a fan of Yorgos Lanthimos's other works such asDogtooth and The Lobster, you'll definitely find loads of enjoymentfrom this and perhaps even consider it one of the films of the year.For people who have never watched a film of his before and feel curiousenough to see it, approach it with caution as it is not your averagefilm and features a lot of artistic choices which will seem strange topeople who have no idea who Lanthimos is. Lastly if you don't like anyof Lanthimos's other works, I'm afraid this one is not going to win youover.