Wow! This film is madness but strangely beautiful madness at the sametime, there is so much to talk about this film. That, I believe, is thepoint of this film and that is to start a conversation because thisfilm brings up some many questions and answers very few of them. Yorgos Lanthimos, his directing in the film is truly fantastic fromstart to finish. The film has a great flow to it and the camera is setup in such away that we as the audience are actually there experiencethis from a far. The film gets your attention as soon as its starts andwhat a brilliant idea it was to start with an operation, consideringthat the film follows a doctor and his family. I can't remember a filmthat has been crafted so well to be so unsettling and uncomfortable,the film brings up topics and themes that would make anyone feelawkward but the acting in the film portrays them as the norm, which isfascinating. The closest thing that I can personally think of is thisfilm is a combination of Prisoners and The Shining, these combinedcreates an extremely suspenseful and bizarre emotion ride. Fantasticdirecting overall.We all know by now that Colin Farrell and Nicole Kidman are fantasticactors but this film for me shows them playing extremely differentcharacters to what we have come accustom to from both of them. Both areabsolutely brilliant from start to finish but are both just verystrange, one minute they can be "normal" and caring for their kids anddoing day to day things, then the next minute there character will actor say something that just doesn't fit right. This is how the filmlures the audience in by carefully placing odd things here and there togrow the suspicion and mystery of the entire story. Yes the story isjust a mystery and I still think this even after viewing the film, whoknows what was really going on, the film brings up more questions thananswers. This is great because not everything needs to be explained toits fullest or at all, why certain characters do certain things or whycertain plot points happen none of these are ever found out orexplained. For me personally that is a positive of the film not anegative.Even though Farrell and Kidman are great in the film there is one standout that deserves some award nominations and that is Barry Keoghan whoplays Martin. His performance is truly bizarre, weird, creepy, strangeand uncomfortable. We as the audience are introduce to him without anyreal backstory, some small details are added throughout the film butnot much which leaves to speculation. However it is the fine line thathe plays between innocent guy and psycho that is really interesting,that's not to say that his "normal innocent guy" act is not weird itstill is but you get use to it just assume that its part of him, noteveryone is the same. However once he starts to predict the future andfuture events that will happen in the film that's where this film hitsa new level and gets extremely weird and will probably turn some peopleaway, personally I think it added to the film and made strange evenmore strange, if that is possible. The Last character in the film that deserves a mention is the score ofthe film, and yes I did put character. The score in this film is acharacter of the film it is not there all the time however when it doesappear it can be truly haunting and build suspense very well. Itdefinitely has that Kubrick style to it that resembles The Shining, isperfectly crafted for this film and is very well done.80% out of 100 or 8 out of 10, this film is very good from thedirecting, acting and the story that is complete bonkers. However itsis a difficult film to watch and its quite slow it does feel longerthan two hours and its certainly not for everyone, this film is verydark and is not exactly very happy lets put it that way. Saying that ifyou do see this film than you will not forget it in a long timeespecially the remarkably bizarre ending, just wow!