"The Killing of a Sacred Deer" (2017 release; 119 min.) brings thestory of Steven and his family. As the movie opens, with a gruesomeopen heart surgery scene, we get to know Steven, a heart surgeon, andhis colleague, an anesthesiologist. Ne Steven meets up with Martin, a16 yr. old boy whom Steven seems to be mentoring. After that we get toknow Steven's family over dinner: his wife Anna, also a doctor, and hiskids, 14 yr. old Kim and her younger brother Bob. At this point we're10 min. into the movie but to reveal more of the plot would surelyspoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself howit all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest movie from Greek writer-directorYorgos Lanthimos, whose previous movies (2015's The Lobtser, 2011'sAlps, and 2009's Dogtooth) have established his reputation as a daring,if off-center, movie maker. Here he goes in a seemingly very differentdirection than any of these previous movies, namely how a 16 yr. oldboy manages to exercise a stronghold over Steven's family in ways thatare difficult to understand (sorry, can't say more so as not to spoil).This is a psychological family drama unlike anything else you've everseen. Beware: the movie is slow-paced on purpose and it takes a good 45min. before we finally start to understand what is about to unfold.There are plenty of outstanding acting performances, including fromColin Farrell (who also starred in The Lobster) and Nicole Kidman (asthe ice-cold wife/doctor). It wasn't until the credits rolled that Irealized Martin's mother was played by Alicia Silverstone, now in her40s if you can believe it. But the best performance of all is by BarryKeoghan (playing Martin), whom we saw earlier this summer in Dunkirk.What a talent that guy is! And for us Cincinnatians, the movie, shotentirely in Cincinnati, brings an extra layer of fun to recognize themany local settings (Christ Hospital's Brain and Spine Center, theHilton's Hall of Mirrors, the Blu Jay in Northside, downtown's Red FoxGrill, etc., etc.)."The Killing of a Sacred Deer" opened this weekend at my local-arthouse theater here in Cincinnati (on 2 screes, no less), and I Couldn'twait to see it. The Saturday evening screening where I saw this at wasattended very nicely, somewhat to my surprise. In discussing this afterthe movie my friends and I felt it probably was due more to the filmhaving been shot in Cincinnati than anything else. Bottom line is this:"The Killing of a Sacred Deer" is MILES away from your standardHollywood fare and not for anyone. I for one happen to enjoy this moviea lot, perhaps because of its weirdness. The best advice I can give isthis: if you liked "The Lobster", I'd encourage you to check this oneout, be it in the theater, on VOD or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, anddraw your own conclusion.