A Surgeon's guilt leads him to mentor the teen son of a deceasedpatient. After weeks of diner lunches and awkward afternoon walks alongthe riverside, Steven (Farrell), our duplicitous leading man finds thatMartin (Keoghan) has some seriously sinister plans in-store for him andhis young family; a plan that ultimately puts Steven in an impossibleexcruciating moral dilemma.This is essentially the plot The Killing of a Sacred Deer, the latestmad experiment concocted by the same warped mind that gave you thesimilarly themed Dogtooth (2009) and the deadpan black comedy TheLobster (2015). But lest you've seen either of those films, nothing canreally prepare you for what this twisted little romp is really aboutand how this film goes about achieving its own ambitions. DirectorYorgos Lanthimos isn't just an idiosyncratic art-house director with awild hair for film-school suspense. No this guy is a cinematic madscientist who takes all things familiar and makes them whollyunfamiliar by breaking everything down to the bare essentials.What do I mean by this? Well for one the story doesn't ever feel theneed to explain itself. In an interview famed director Alfred Hitchcockwas once asked why the characters in his films never call the police.His answer was, "Because it's boring." Lanthimos seems to be takingthat same approach not only for the crime elements of the story but thevery mechanisms that make the story possible. It is never explained(nor does it need to be) how Martin goes about doing what he does. Theonly logic that counts exists within Martin's fractured state of mind;and we just have to live with whatever twisted logic happens to beexposed by the frame at the time.While the story is very much in the vein of Hitchcock, thecinematography just screams Kubrickian other-worldliness. Everything isshot with a streamline economy so that every scene, every character,every plot point is tailor made for maximum ambiguity while neverstraining the limits of a traditional narrative. Yet despite itsperfection in relaying information and theme, every frame and gentlysweeping pan serves to overwhelm the viewer with a near constantfeeling of unease. How much unease? Well the film literally starts withan un-obscured view of open-heart surgery. Whatever feeling you'reliable to have while watching something like that (shock, disgust,anxiety, etc.) is going to be your default for two hours so buckle up.In comparison to other outstanding horror films released this year,Sacred Deer certainly holds its own - even if the spirit of its horroris less Get Out (2017), or Jigsaw (2017) and more Werner Herzogoppressively reading Grimm Fairy tales. Yet in comparison to Lanthimo'sother works, Sacred Deer feels like it doesn't have that same immutablefearlessness. That may have less to do with the film itself and more todo with the genre. The Lobster may have dabbled in some horror tropesbut it was first and foremost a black satire on romantic love. Ourexpectations were naturally pretty limited in regards to "how far"they're willing to go with the premise. Thus when it really did "gothat far" the wickedness of the satire felt all that more dangerous.Any satire of familial love on the part of Sacred Deer is played lesswith a sense of wickedness and more with a sense of dread. It stillfeels dangerous, but only to the extent the extent of bodily harm.Thankfully the cast are perfectly suited for finding the flawed, uglyand human parts to their off-putting characters. Farrell is at hissubdued, disquieted best as a complacent everyman suddenly put into alose-lose scenario. Nicole Kidman, Sunny Suljic and especially thebrooding Raffey Cassidy have between them all the cunning instinctsneeded to make their characters sympathetic while harboring theanimosities needed to make the situation believable.The real standout however is Barry Keoghan who takes what would haveotherwise been a one-note Machiavelli and elevates him to the level ofan uncaring God. His malevolence is scary not only because of hisforceful actions and their inherent power imbalance but because there'snonchalance in everything he does. There's a void where his empathy andmoral compass should be. So to compensate, he adapts a sense of justicewhere extreme measures are regular and they're seemingly the most humanthing about him.Keoghan's abrasive performance alone is definitely worth the admissionprice for horror fans, film fans and those already familiar withLanthimos's unique approach to storytelling. Combined with the film'sfable-like clarity of thought and this thing suddenly becomes a worthypiece of art crying to be studied and argued about for years. But forcasual audiences, Sacred Deer may prove too outwardly bizarre and toomuch of a dialectic gut-punch to walk away satisfied. Which is a shamebecause I think Lanthimos is actually aiming for the unwitting whosettled for whatever just started at the cinemas because Ragnarok soldout.