"The Killing of a Sacred Deer" (2017) is a tense psychological thrillerdirected by Yorgos Lanthimos. Dr. Stephen Murphy (Colin Farrell) findshimself in an unsettling situation when an old patient of his, Martin(Barry Keoghan), intrudes into his life and tinges his seeminglyidyllic family: his wife Anna (Nicole Kidman) and children Kim (RaffeyCassidy) and Bob (Sunny Suljic). The story, written by Yorgos Lanthimos and Efthimis Filippou, builds uptension with a slow pace at first. The dialog felt edgy, sometimespreposterous and sometimes comical (Especially one scene with Stevenranting in the kitchen) but it served to fill the air with anxiety andunease. It's directness and pace felt somewhat surreal. As informationis cautiously revealed I felt captivated and uncomfortable (A longscene that occurred inside a car comes to mind). The characters take anactive role in the story, with consequential decisions (Dr. Murphy's inparticular) However the ultimate choice, which came with the last act,seems to lack consequence and it's aftermath felt weak. Moreovercertain aspects of the plot seem to be left without explanation,undermining the story (Specially regarding Martin). Some charactersalso felt underdeveloped, regardless of their impact on the plot. Long intimate close-ups place you inside the characters minds andfacilitate the ability to empathize. One shot, involving Anna and bobwalking down the stairs was remarkable, as was the film'scinematography. Bleak, gray tones and an isolated atmosphere provoke afeeling of claustrophobia and lead you to think that there is no escapefor our protagonist. The score and sound effects, involving long slowlybuilt screeches, kept me uncomfortable and accentuated certain scenesinvolving two characters in particular: Steven and Martin. Barry Keoghan as Martin really made me feel like there was somethingnot quite right with him at first, to fully suspecting a clinicalmental disorder. Colin Farrell as Steven felt in command of hischaracter as a confident successful man who is humiliated and broughtlow. Nicole Kidman as Anna felt like how any desperate parent would dobelievably reacts to the information that is unveiled to her. The tense dialog, brilliant cinematography, unsettling score andinteresting acting carry this movie and kept me captivated despite it'sseemingly slow pace and sometimes weak plot. This movie stands superiorto most thrillers and is definitely worth a watch.