It takes a Greek director ? Yorgos Lanthimos ? to revive the elementalpower of Greek tragedy in a modern setting. Because this is such a primal story it could be the most powerful anddisturbing film of the year. The characters speak in a kind of deadtone, usually on banal matters (like how waterproof a watch is). Themusic alternates eerie silences with harsh nerve-wracking strings anddrums. Shots of surgery and blood churn the stomach. The widescreensettings have an amphitheatrical stretch. Alone among recent films, itsends you out in catharsis ? "calm of mind, all passion spent." Thisfilm releases you, drained. A man's misdeed brings down a curse upon his entire house that only hisown immense sacrifice can expiate. That's the Greek tragedy, besidewhich our mundane stories of simple guilt, rationalization, mercy,forgiveness, and even human justice ? the business of cops and courts ?dwindle into insignificance. This primitive drama involves a heart surgeon Steven Murphy and hisophthalmologist wife Anna. That is, the elemental force erupts in theseat of modern science, rationalism, humanity. The professional curersare profoundly afflicted. Their reason is helpless, irrelevant, oncethe old pagan gods have been stirred to ire. Dr Murphy was at least tipsy when his bungled surgery cost a man'slife. Murphy has not openly accepted responsibility or expressed hisguilt. But he did attend the man's funeral and stop drinkingaltogether. He also befriended the man's orphaned son Martin, whom hebuys gifts and offers friendship as a sop to confronting his own guilton any deeper level. Now Martin swells from orphaned son into preternatural agent ofvengeance. For his father's death has proved a curse on his house too.He and his mother ? in different ways ? crave Dr Murphy to replace thedead man in their lives: "My mom's attracted to you. She's got a greatbody." This thuggish kid has an other-worldly understanding. He has become theseer, the oracle who alone fathoms the root cause of the Murphy curseand its resolution. If Murphy doesn't kill one of his children, hisentire family will die. First they are paralyzed, deprived of appetiteand will, then their eyes erupt in Oedipusian bleed, then they die. Of course these modern sophisticates deny this savage myth. Murphy inparticular blames Martin for the curse he has only reported. DaughterKim understands, because she wrote a paper on Iphygenia, Agamemnon'sdaughter whom he has to sacrifice to atone for having killed a sacreddeer. Kim is attracted to Martin and offers herself to him. In him she sensesa worldliness apart from the others. Having initially assumed kidbrother Bob would go ("Can I have your MP3 when you die?) she thenvolunteers to be Dr Murphy's sacrifice. She knows the story.The Murphys' life is characterized by a kind of torpor. No-one has anyzest for anything. The conversations are banal and wary. Dr Murphy andthen Kim report her first period as if it were a head cold. All senseof the primeval has been lost. Anna feigns total anesthesia for her sexwith her husband. His friend and anesthesiologist charges Anna a handjob for info. Facing the curse Steven tries coaxing, coercion, threats, even physicalviolence and the threat of murder, to shake the seer off his vision.Steven turns to a school counsellor for advice on which child to pick.Anna twigs to their predicament: "Our children are dying, but yes. Ican make you mashed potatoes." She marshals the will to free Martinfrom her husband's futile abuse. Indeed both the doctor and the anesthesiologist each blame the otherfor failures in the operating room. This is the modern world withadvanced science and culture but with stupefied emotions and a shallowsense of responsibility. Dr Murphy forbids smoking in the house, buthis wife and daughter smoke outside. Martin accepts his recentaddiction with the same resignation he seems to have accepted as hisrole of messenger from the gods, to bring Murphy to their harshjustice. This elemental tragedy is the prophet director's harsh judgment on aworld that evades its guilt and responsibility by suspending allconscience, all sense of a higher purpose than the mundane and worldly.The modern news cycle allows no time for the eternal.