Absurdism is an art-house genre that messes with our brains by turninglogic on its head. The filmmaker scatters a few clues throughout thefilm and leaves the audience to make whatever sense of it they can. Asuperb example is The Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017), a film full ofconflicting clues that will make many viewers wonder if they arewatching a supernatural horror, a psychological thriller, or a blackcomedy.The bare bones of the story are easy to describe but their meaning lessso. Successful heart surgeon Steven Murphy (Colin Farrell) saves manylives but one day he operates after a couple of drinks and the patientdies. With life and death in his hands, an occasional failure isnormal. Some years later Steven spends time with his daughter's friend,the loner Martin (Barry Keoghan) who says he wants to be acardiologist. Martin ingratiates himself into Steven's family andbegins a relationship with the surgeon's daughter. When Steven tries tostop all contact, Martin reveals that Steven killed his father so hemust kill one of his own family or all of them will die. Inexplicablesymptoms appear in his son and daughter which force Steven to make ahorrific decision.The narrative is weird enough but its presentation gives the film anextraordinary atmosphere of horror. The word Sacred in the film's titleis the first clue that this story occupies a space beyond logicalrealism, somewhere in the eye-for-an-eye cosmos where a wrong must beheld to account. Absurdism frees the filmmaker from conventional logicto make the audience question their taken- for-granted world: like, whyshould a surgeon be allowed to not atone for a tragic mistake? Thefilming style accentuates the outer-worldliness of what we see:subjects are framed to look small against massive walls; panoptic shotsrender humans as trivial objects from a universal gaze, while sometracking shots feel like the camera is running along the ceilinglooking down on human panic.While the camera creates the visuals, the performances portray humansbeing under the control of an unknowable force. Outwardly refined andsuccessful, the Murphys are strange people. Steven and wife Anna(Nicole Kidman) deliver deadpan dialogue and wooden body language, andtheir sex life relies on one of them imitating a comatose patient. Asbizarre symptoms appear in their children and medical tests fail tofind a cause, Steven turns on Martin like an animal caught in a trap.When science cannot help, he knows that a higher force is in control.There is no logic in what is happening and no causal link can be found.Brilliant photography and powerful acting combine to continually raisethe psychological tension to a bizarre finale.Absurdism often depicts a form of moral dystopia; it is also the codefor understanding Sacred Deer. Some will see Martin as an evil force;others will see this as a psychotic episode or maybe it's just naturaljustice being served. But the film remains in the moment: neverquestioning why things are happening, always mired in its ownexperiential strangeness. More than anything else, it is this lingeringquality that makes it an engaging and memorable film.