Last Flag Flying is a comedy/drama from the acclaimed director ofBoyhood and Dazed and Confused, Richard Linklater. It stars SteveCarell, Laurence Fishburne, and Bryan Cranston as three friends fromthe Vietnam War who get back together when Carell's son dies in action. Despite the serious subject matter, this movie is absolutely hilarious.Cranston is absolute comedic gold. He hasn't been as funny as he ishere since his Malcolm in the Middle days, and even then he may nothave been quite as funny as he is here.You would think going in that Carell would be the comedian here, butinstead he is the dramatic anchor. Carell gives a surprisinglyemotional performance, keeping the comedy to a minimum. Fishburne is between the two, giving both comedy and drama when it'sneeded. Of the three it is hard to say which gives the bestperformance, but the edge must go to Cranston. The movie would probablybe ten times more boring without him. There are scenes where Cranstonsingle-handedly made the entire audience in my theater howl withlaughter. Last Flag Flying doesn't just give comedy however, it also tackles agreat amount of issues that a lesser film would not have pulled off.This film explores the purpose of life, a subject that Linklater isvery good at tackling. I would list some of the other issues ittackles, but if I did i would probably be here all day. This movie is definitely not perfect. Near the middle it starts todrag, which is not that large of an issue, but for one or two scenes itis noticeable.There is also a very manufactured conflict in the film. It feels likethe writers stuck it in just so there was a conflict of some sort, butit easily could have been taken out and the movie would not havechanged. Another issue involves tone. There are a couple scenes where Igenuinely could not tell if the film was trying to be serious or funny,but this, like all of the other flaws, is not that big of a deal. Overall, I recommend Last Flag Flying because of both its hilarity andits drama. It is one of the funniest movie of the year and veryprofound, despite its flaws. I give Last Flag Flying a B+.