The bad moms are back! This time they're out to reclaim the moststressful time of year on behalf of moms everywhere by letting looseand liberating themselves from the oppression of mandatory holidaycheer. Amy (Kunis), Kiki (Bell) and Carla (Hahn) team up yet again andsupport each other during the holiday season all while all three oftheir mothers come to town for an unexpected Christmas visit. Will ourthree diverse personalities of middle class white women escapeChristmas unscathed? Or will they be overwhelmed by the toweringexpectations of their dysfunctional mothers.Everything bad that can be said about Bad Moms Christmas can also besaid about the original Bad Moms; tired jokes, broad characterizations,unimaginative staging, an over-reliance on improv that assumes theeditor will be able to just find the movie in post etc. So then givenall its faults, why am I still smiling? Why is this hastily assembledfollow up to a mediocre R-rated comedy arguably better than theoriginal? Well part of the reason may just be this movie doesn't havethat far to fall. The first film posed as an invigorating subversion ofgender expectations instead of drawing attention to what it really was? a trash movie. This one basically takes the shoddily propped uppremise that we're already familiar with and merely staples tinsel toit. Yet because there's a lived-in quality to it, because we're alreadyfamiliar with these characters, all we need to catch up is for thegirls to dunk rum into the mall's Teavana samples and say f**k a lot.With no faux mission statement sprucing up the inappropriateness likeprotesters in a Kylie Jenner Pepsi ad, the measure of success is nowwhether Bad Moms Christmas can get you to laugh. And it does ? notoften enough to endorse strongly, but Bad Moms Christmas does have afew zingers worth repeating at the next neighborhood Tupperware party.Kunis, Bell and especially Hahn get a few good quips here and there andfor once look comfortable just being in each others' presence.If however you wanted to know the primary reason why A Bad MomsChristmas is better than its prequel, one needn't look further than therib-tickling performances of Susan Sarandon, Cheryl Hines and ChristineBaranski. Baranski especially, who has had a long career playing icequeens, is downright superb as Amy's formal, acid-tongued, high societymother. Honestly this movie is bumped up a letter grade simply becausebetween Baranski and Hines's clingy "best friend" mom, not a singleopportunity for a laugh was lost.Susan Sarandon is also tremendous though much like the kids in thefirst film (or in this one for that matter), she's sadly underutilized.What's worse is her relationship with her daughter Carla offers themost narrative opportunities for growth, but this being a broadAmerican comedy means any real human moments are quickly swept underthe rug.Swept under the rug along with any meaningful insight on motherhood ?the second time this series has managed the same thematic swing and amiss. Oh well, at least the jokes and gags reach new levels ofraunchiness that border on the absurd. There's a memorable scene withJustin Hartley involving a few strips of hot wax that's sure todelight. And if not, there's always the old standby of listening toyoung children say the darnest things again and again. If you're notlaughing at least once during this movie, then you're probably just notin the spirit.