I was just about to give this movie a 10. I've seen the movie over a1,000 times. Heck when I was in United Navy C school studying gasturbines 2001, I used to wake up and play the part of the instructorcritiquing his flying and him getting upset and driving over the hill.My roommates hated my surround sound. I still do love that part. But I have read some reviews and while everybody is right this is amust see film. I must say there were a lot better for that time. Andthe actors really didn't get to act much besides Tom and Kelly (theinstructors real name) everybody else was like a side piece. Even theblack guy who has good roles in other movies tried to sing along afterTom finished singing in the bar. I mean its just pretty much a TomCruise or bust movie.And the director points that out if you get the actual Blue Ray ofthis. The extras in this movie are great. But Kelly playing theinstructor is just too much for me. I'm glad they didn't try to getsome eye candy in the movie to make people drool over her. She doesn'tstrike me as that. She did have a teacher look to her. But seriouslyher lines were just too corny, and too off and she didn't even sellthem.But I still give it an 8. The flying scenes were great then and theyare great now. What most people don't realize that besides the crashingand burning. That was some actually F-14 photography. The US Navy had alittle problem recruiting pilots at the time. So they let them filmthis. But the director had no extra footage left over. They used it allfor the first film and the Navy wasn't letting them come back for roundtwo. Cause Paramount surely asked after the success. So on that note.There is nothing like it. Those are F-14's and it is great and amazingto watch. They only lost two points cause the actors could have had more lines.And they had some great actors. Tom Skerrit, Michael Ironside, MegRyan, Val Kilmer, Tim Robbins, and James Tolken were all great. Seeingthem smoke on the ship was something to see to be honest. Can't do thatnow in the Navy. And yes you do get chewed out in parade rest. Alsolove the terminology they had. The directer was asked about it, whydidn't explain what a bogie was and other things that the generalpublic wouldn't understand. He simply said "thats what adds to themovie". Also a flight pilot from the Navy told them not to fly thecircles in the airplane cause its a useless combat move but they did itanyway against his wishes cause it provided for great action. And helater said he was surprised it did look good. So many nice and coolthings about this movie. Just wish they got more of the other actorsinvolved. Everything was riding on Tom Cruise performance. The directorgot lucky in this one that Tom came through.