It is easy to be cynical about Top Gun, especially if you weren't there27 years ago. Here in one noisy little package is 80s popcornentertainment in its purest form, a $350,000,000 hit that made amegastar out of Tom Cruise. If you were there then it might be a littleeasier to forgive Paramount Pictures for wanting to re-release thissilly action flick even if they only used the excuse to re-fit it forthe IMAX 3D process and charge extra for the tickets. It's great to seeit on the big screen again . . . the 3D is another matter. We'll get tothat in a moment.There is a lot that comes as a surprise in revisiting Top Gun, firstand foremost is the reminder that movies of this era were shot on film.In today's digital world, it is a bit shocking to be pulled back intothe grainy world of celluloid, but that only adds to the nostalgia.Another is pure stunt work, a nearly-dead art that has been abandonedin this age of computer animation. Top Gun was applauded for itsaircraft stunt work which is still impressive. The editors did abeautiful job of creating a visual orientation that is easy to follow.It still holds up.It is also great to see the young faces of actors that we nowinstantaneously recognize. Anthony Edwards (who still had hair!) was ata point in his career between avenging nerds and his trip to the E.R.Val Kilmer, long before Batman, had a hairstyle that made him a foottaller. Meg Ryan has a small role and is actually billed 14th in thecredits. Then there's young and beautiful Kelly McGillis with blonde,perfect hair and a shock of red lipstick. Just off playing the loveinterest in Witness she plays no less the love interest here. She has amooney romance with Tom Cruise in the movie that is still tinged withsexual energy (though if you know her personal life, it makes thefamous bar serenade somewhat awkward). Plus, over in the corners areold reliables, Tom Skerritt, Michael Ironside and James Tolkan. No 80sfilm could be without them.And of course, Tom Cruise, who by this time had made his name in thehit Risky Business, but here would become a full-fledged movie star,taking off for a wonderful film career which included a balance ofsobering dramas (Born on the Fourth of July, Eyes Wide Shut, Magnolia)with escapist entertainment (Days of Thunder, Mission: Impossible). Allbefore his career crash-landed on Oprah's couch. Now just past 50, ashe attempts to regain his former glory, Top Gun is a reminder of why hebecame a star in the first place. He's a nice guy, not smug or hateful.He was impossibly good looking and sported a 50 megawatt smile. In TopGun, it isn't his performance but his presence that works. He has thesame kind of haunted loner spirit that Steve McQueen had. Describingthe plot is unnecessary, you're not here for the plot, you're here forthe experience. You get cookie-cutter characters, dazzling stunt workand kind of summer movie nonsense that, in a way, we are still getting.The difference here is that we can pull back and enjoy it as a productof our own teenage years. There is nostalgia galore here. The movie,even after nearly 30 years, is still just plain fun.What is not so much fun is the new 3D process. Unlike the re-fittedanimated films like Beauty and the Beast and The Lion King, live actionpictures just don't transfer as well. Nothing really pops off thescreen as you might expect and your bulky 3D glasses (which look likeski goggles) only serve to clear up the blur. Often, you can see the 3Dblur with the glasses on.The question is, why do this? Why not just trust that audiences willenjoy the immersive experience of seeing the movie on the over-sizedIMAX screen and leave it at that, much like the recent release ofRaiders of the Lost Ark. Top Gun is great escapist nostalgia thatdidn't need modern technology to be entertaining.