Very possibly the most known musical of all time, Grease is a film thatjust blew up and knocked everyone out of the ball park with it's catchytunes, sexy actors and just gave everyone a great time. I've watchedthis movie since I was a kid, I find it hard to believe that thereisn't a person who doesn't at least know one song from this musicaleven if they hadn't seen it. But I just adored it, played it over andover again because of the songs. I thought the pink ladies were so cooland the T-Birds were so funny. Growing up and watching it again, itdoes have a different view than that of a child, but I think it holdsup well and is still a ton of fun.Danny, a greaser, is a member of the T-Birds who include Kenickie,Doody, Putzie and Sonny. Meanwhile, the Pink Ladies arrive, Rizzo,Frenchie, Jan and Marty. After her parents decided not to return toAustralia, Sandy enrolls at Rydell and befriends Frenchy, who considersdropping out of school to become a beautician. Oblivious to eachother's presence at school, Danny and Sandy tell the T-Birds and PinkLadies their respective accounts of events during their brief romance.Learning Danny is Sandy's lover, Rizzo arranges for the two to reunite,but Danny is forced to maintain his bad boy attitude in front of hisfriends, upsetting Sandy. Now with their love on the rocks, thesegroups need to drop the attitude and just sing their problems awaybecause "grease" is the word.One of the most talked about scenario's is that Sandy supposedly has tochange herself in order to be with Danny, enraging a lot of feminists.My look at it is that these two did genuinely love each other, whilethey shouldn't have cared so much about what their friends thought,they would be willing to do anything for each other in order to be acouple. You even see Danny dressed a little bit more preppy before hesees Sandy in her new transformation.I love the energy that is put into this film, I think that's what makesit so special. Everyone just loves to dance and sing to this movie. Howcould you resist it? My favorite scene that still gives me chills andgets me up dancing is definitely the school dance scene. Between thedancing the music, then to add the jokes that were made on top of thatwith Kenickie lifting up the cheerleader's dress to just have fun sinceshe's such a goodie-goodie, was just too funny. My only complaint beingabout this movie that I still don't get is that Danny starts dancingwith Cha Cha when she pulls him away from Sandy, he just keeps goingnot even thinking about Sandy. One of the things I find so hilariousabout this movie also is that the actors who all look like they're intheir 30's are playing 17 year old's. But I digress; this movie stillholds up today because it just brings a certain happiness to people.It's a wonderful film that anyone could find themselves dancing orsinging too.8/10