The Princess Bride is one of those rare, but very perfect films thateveryone once in their life time has seen. Just because it is such aloved film, how could you not love it? It has action, romance, revenge,sword fights, true love, humor, friendship, etc. I was only 2 when thisfilm was released, but I still remember how much I was in love withthis film at 4. I would rewind the tape and watch it over and overagain, the funny thing was my parents wouldn't mind watching it withme, it appeals to children as well as adults. I think the reason whythis was such a fantastic film was due to the fact that it was theperfect mixture of a fairy tale with humor, action, and romance. RobReiner really knew what he was doing when he made this movie; and itall starts with a grandfather simply reading his favorite childhoodstory to his sick grandson.Buttercup and Wesley are two farm people who eventually fall deeply inlove, but in order to get money to get married, Wesley goes off to finda job and start a life for them. But when Buttercup hears of Wesley'sdeath by pirates, she is taken away by Prince Humperdinck who is aboutto make her his bride. She is then kidnapped by three rebels who wishto start a war with the prince, Vizzini, Fezzik, and Indigo Montoya(whois on a revenge streak to kill the six fingered man who killed hisfather). But she is saved by an unknown pirate who later revealshimself as Wesley who escaped death, but Buttercup is taken once againright as she and Wesley are reunited by Prince Humperdinck. The princeorders to torture Wesley and kill him to keep him away from Buttercup,but Wesley ends up being saved by Fezzik and Indigo who will help himsave Buttercup.The Princess Bride is a classic film that will never be forgotten. Ithas classic lines like: Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya, you killed myfather prepare to die. And of course INCONCEIVABLE repeated constantlyby Vizzini. The acting is perfect and the sets are just amazing. Ofcourse who could forget Billy Cristal and Carol Cane's greatperformance of the miracle worker and his wife? They were justpriceless. Please watch this movie, it's one of those movies that'sjust impossible not to like, why not to like it would be inconceivable.10/10