Over 37 years ago Grease came out as a family movie but because of theway this movie talks about the issue of sex, it fails as a familymovie. Looking at the scenes of making out in cars, the way it handlesthe issue of accidental pregnancy, and the raunchy lyrics of some ofthe songs all suggest this gets an 'F' as a family movie.The movie opens with a scene on the beach. Danny Zuko (John Travolta)suggests that sex will make his new found love with Sandy Olsen (OliviaNewton-John) complete. Comments from the T-Bird gang throughout themovie talk about sex in a physical, vulgar way. This is seenspecifically in the Drive-In scene when the camera panos a display ofteenagers making out in cars, Danny and Sandy being one of them. Dannymakes a move on Sandy by grabbing her breast without her consent. Thisis an issue because Danny doesn't consider how Sandy feels about theirphysical relationship which coincides with their emotional one as well. Continuing with the film there is a school dance scene where thedancing is sexually suggestive, Rizzo and the Pink Ladies gang go offwith random guys in cars and the T- Birds look up girls' skirts on thebleachers. Visually, in this movie, there is a lot of foggy carwindows, horizontal kissing, and overly composed high school scenes,giving this movie less credentials to be deemed for the family. Yes, inhigh school there are things your kids will see they are unfamiliarwith regarding sex, but Grease over dramatizes the high school sceneand suggest that the only way of dealing with sex is to sleep aroundand go until you are pushed too far.Of course, in all family movies there is the pregnancy scare--NOT. Thecentral argument of this film and how it handles the issue of virginitywhich later advances to the conflict of a pregnancy scare objectifiesthe female characters. The dialogue Grease and how it talks about thispregnancy scare might be a problem to contemporary viewers with itsrepresentation of women: rather than showing women as powerful figureswho take charge of their circumstances, Grease's women are "beautyschool drop-outs," "hopelessly devoted" to abusive males, andcharacterized insultingly as skanks and sluts--except for the mostvirtuous of them, who is "lousy with virginity." The music performance is what makes Grease a family favorite and thisis where contemporary audiences justify Grease as a family-fun movie.Some the of lyrics to the soundtrack include: "lousy with virginity,""I'm losing control," "I need a man who can keep me satisfied," and"she got friendly down in the sand." The lyrics and performancescontinue to press the issue of sex, and the raunchy lyrics suggest thetopic of sex should just be tossed around only for pleasure and fun andgame.Subliminal messages and sexual content is seen all over the screen.From Rizzo's getaway from the sleepover and pregnancy scare to therampant sex scenes in the cars, the constant theme of sex is widelydistributed in the film. One might argue this is a family movie becauseof Sandy and her strong values but that argument only holds true rightup into the end. Sandy drops all morals and standards to be with Danny.Yeah, that's the message we want for all our daughters. Passedgenerations have celebrated Grease as a family fun movie butcontemporary parents, based on the world we live in that is more opento talking about issues regarding sex, should be more skeptical ofGrease's sex crazed characters.