I've read a lot of opposing views here and there are valid views onboth sides. I guess it boils down to what your imagination can behopefully transfered to film for you enjoyment.I've seen my fair share of fantasy films in my life and Legend probablyreached to that part of me quicker than any film of that genre than hasbeen done before and since. Lord of the Rings surpasses it on manylevels...but Legeng still has the ability after all these years to makeme think of pure fantasy, and that's what I believe this film is about.Good vs evil is what most films are about, but Legend is what fairiesand goblins and a mystical forests are! Visually I doubt you can find much better even 20 odd years later! Goodvs evil in a setting that is set in a purer forum. Characterdevelopment here are not too strong, but they're not meant to be. Theyare strong enough to portray love vs evil vs good and bad, and they doit well in the context of the story. Tom Cruise did a good Job as theNieve and yet courageous Jack, Lily was a the prize of his longing andit came across as undeniable. Mia Sara as lily is the stuff of youthfullonging.Tim Curry played the spoiler and he did it to the point of stealing allof the film. He is the stuff of fantasy. The costume was spectacular,and his portrayal of the character was commanding...And over the topcause that what he does well! I enjoyed the directors cut film more as it is longer and tells thestory just a little better, but I enjoyed Tangarines Dream's score moreas it captured the mood of fantasy ( for me) as set in a mysticalplace! Jerry Goldsmith had some very good moments, but TD for me layedout a fairytale with my eyes closed better. But at the end you either see this for the pure fantasy it is about oryou see it as something deeper that it doesn't pretend to be. It's muchpurer in it's view on good vs evil and to my taste it hits on everylevel of that platform. And not to mention it's ability to make for agreat dream filled with hope and danger.Pure fantasy...and should be viewed with that intent.