Here is looking at you kid?, these words are written by my current bossBernhard Drumel in his skype. I never knew that they are fromCasablanca, until I saw the movie.This is a love story during the world war second based in Casablanca,Morocco, North West Africa ? a port where refugee Europeans came todepart for USA. Old time lovers - Rick (Humphrey Bogart) and Lisa(Ingrid Bergman), meet after many years in Casablanca and remembertheir love in France. Lisa was and is wife of Victor (Paul Henreid) andthe couple is planning to run away to America through Casablanca. Rick- now the owner of the most popular club in Casablanca is wellconnected among corrupt military and government machinery - sacrificeshis love and helps the couple duo to go to America.It is the not the story in itself, but the way it is told that makes ita very interesting viewing. The pace is fast and engrossing. The storyslowly unfolds and never lets the viewers guess the next till the veryend. There is a sense of mystery and suspense. The backbone of themovie is a love story that has gone wrong. It connects with everyaudience. The misery and cynicism of Rick is so real that every man mayfeel a close resemblance to the feeling Rick is having. Though many,there are well itched characters that define the intent and purpose oftheir words and actions. The characters ? mostly representing differentEuropean countries ? and give an universal appeal to western audiences,and so I understand its relevance in people's mind and popularity.The character of Rick is brilliantly played by the chain smoking kingBogart. This was my first movie of Bogart and he impressed me the most.Like all olden days actors who ? each one of them ? had their uniquestyle and so delight to watch; Bogart has his own. Ingrid looks andacts beautifully to say and hide her secrets with her eyes and bodylanguage. Paul Henreid was good, but not brilliant. Special mention ofthe local French Captain Renault, played by Claude Rains ? who playsthe most engrossing characters with black and white, shrewd and sobershades ? a delight to watch him.Each and every dialogue of the movie is perfect and catchy. The linesare worth repeating even today and written with so conviction that theyare ever-green. The one that I personally liked the most was when theGerman commander asks Rick which nationality he belongs to; and Rickwith his usual cynicism replies ? I am a drunkard. There are so manysuch quotable lines almost unforgettable in the movie.This was Director Martin Curtiz's 132 movie production as director. Ittook him almost 20 years of making movie to come out with this gem.Martin kept on making movies till the last year 1961; he died in 1962.Great music, fantastic choreography of people, and definite acting bymost crew! The only thing I disliked about the movie was that most ofit was shot indoors on the sets, and that in itself did not give themovie the epic proportions that normally one would expect from suchclassics.There are many hate reviews about this movie, and I read a few of them.I found this movie to be very good ? made in 1942, it was much ahead ofits time in terms of scripting, dialogue, pace and screenplay. Now adays we see so many movies ? but to think of the rave Casablanca wouldhave created during world war second times, would have been enormous.My salute to Martin Curtiz and Humphrey Bogart! Now I know andunderstand what does my boss mean when he writes and says ? Here islooking at you kid?! (Stars 8 out of 10)