Okay, if you've never seen "Grease", you really have to ask yourself, "Whyam I surfing on a movie database when I obviously don't watch movies?" "Grease" is one of those movies, like "Wizard of Oz", "Sound of Music" and"Star Wars" that everyone should have to watch before they watch really anyother movies.  They should even show them in schools, just as long as theyshow it before the kids realize what "Grease Lightning" is reallyabout.Totally off subject, but do you remember seeing this film as a youngster andloving it, and then you decide to watch it when you turn 16 with a group offriends, and you were shocked about some of the things they say &do?Anyway, back to this review.  "Grease" is my favorite musical. (FYI: "LittleShop of Horrors" is a very close second place.)  The Top Ten Reasons why I Think GREASE is the Best Musical:10. Grease 2: If it weren't for the popularity of "Grease", we wouldn't have"Grease 2" and I probably wouldn't know who Michelle Pfeifferis.9.  The T-Birds: When I was asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, mythree usual answers were "Jedi Knight", "Pittsburgh Steeler" or"T-Bird".8. Olivia Newton-John7. Pink Ladies: As the T-Birds were to me, millions of girls made Pink Ladyjackets and wear them every Halloween.6. Grease Lightning: Who wouldn't want a car like this that promises thestuff it promised?5. Sandy Olsen is HOT!4. Music: From Frankie Valli singing the theme song, to Sha-Na-Na performingcover tunes, the soundtrack is one of the best.3. Lorenzo Lamas: Before he was a "renegade", Lorenzo was Tom Chisum, theultimate jock who's "brains are in his biceps."2. Danny Zuko: John Travolta was ten times cooler as Danny Zuko than he wasas Tony Manero in "Saturday Night Fever" and Vincent Vega in "Pulp Fiction"combined.And, of course, the number one reason why I love "Grease"......Olivia Newton-John as Sandy Olsen: Olivia is the only woman I'd leave mywife for, especially when she's wearing the cheerleading outfit.  I know, alot of guys will say her black outfit at the end is the selling point, butit's the whole innocent factor that I love this woman.Anyway, there you have it.  A totally unbiased review of the greatestmusical of our time.  Any questions?