Over the years, I've gone back and forth on whether TOP GUN (1986) wasin reality a good movie or a bad movie. A huge hit when it first cameout in 1986, I, like most others, were thoroughly entertained by thefast pace, catchy soundtrack, and exciting aerial dogfight scenes.Still am to this day. But there was actually a time when, withperspective, I realized that Top Gun was in reality not truly a "good"film, but more of a guilty pleasure type movie. The dialogue is prettystandard, the tale very linear and one-note, the acting nothing towrite home about. Yet, somehow this movie is very iconic due to theaforementioned positives as well as a few memorable one-liners/moments.Top Gun tells the tale of naval aviator Lt. Pete Mitchell, AKA"Maverick", an brash, cocky, uninhibited fighter pilot who plays by hisown rules. Maverick is essayed by the great Tom Cruise in one of hismost infamous roles. No matter how many great performances he gives inother more noteworthy films/roles, he may forever be branded by thisone, the role that really made him a household name. Cruise's trademarkcockiness is on full display here, as the role of Maverick requires notmuch more than mugging. Certainly not even close to his morechallenging roles. But still Cruise carries the proceedings excellentlywith a persuasive, energetic performance full of bravado.While Cruise provides the screen presence, the supporting cast helps tofill out the story. Kelly McGillis plays "Charlie", the beautiful,leggy civilian flight instructor who is the requisite love interest.Val Kilmer is Lt. "Iceman", the equally cocky and cool #1 rival forMaverick at flight school. Scene-stealing Anthony Edwards is Lt."Goose", Maverick's RIO and wisecracking best friend. Always-reliableMichael Ironside is Lt.Comm. "Jester", the grumpy field flight trainer.And, last but not least, stalwart veteran Tom Skerrit is school Comm."Viper", who HAPPENED to have flown with Mav's father, who died inVietnam on a classified mission. Also notable are then-newcomers MegRyan, in an entertaining cameo role as Goose's wife, and Tim Robbins asRIO "Merlin", who probably has one of the most oft-quoted lines/momentsfrom this movie. Although the story is standard, this talented castdoes a good job of making it sing.The real star of Top Gun is the late, great director Tony Scott, whounapologetically tells this rah-rah, gung-ho tale with stylistic flair.The aerial flight scenes are, to this day, eye-popping and energetic,and underscored with a brilliant soundtrack. The song "Take My BreathAway" actually took home the Best Song Oscar for 1986! This film is oneof the first examples of "music video" style filmmaking, where themovie itself was a long sequence of quickly edited scenes, with manyscenes punctuated with music, most notably the aerial scenes and theshirtless beach volleyball scene! Another huge plus of this movie is the tense Maverick-Ice relationship(many people say that Cruise had more chemistry with Kilmer than he didwith McGillis!LOL). With stars Cruise and Kilmer, who both certainlywent onto do much better things than this movie, it's a lot of funwatching their characters snipe at each other throughout until theinfamous climax where they make all friendly with each other. Cruise,in particular, has gone onto MUCH bigger and better things since thisinfamous, iconic movie for which he ironically may mostly be rememberedfor.