I have always been a fantasy genre hardcore fan since I was a child.Whether it is a book or a movie, I have always given it a try and guesswhat! I have enjoyed most of them but not this one, sorry fans! Havingheard all the praise and seen the high ratings and recommendations, Ifinally rented it and finished the chore of watching it a couple ofhours ago. I almost never stop watching a movie, no matter how awful itis and kept watching this one because I was looking for something more,something close to its 8.1 rating (which should have 1.8!). Iunderstand many people who still love it, have memories and nostalgicchildhood feelings for it but I still believe there were more 80smovies in fantasy genre which had better story, better acting, betterdialogues and better visual effects!!! This film is about a girl namedButtercup (seriously?) who is deeply in love with a Westly! farm boy(which could have been much better if their love was pictured more than" as you wish" means "I love you" and a kiss!). Then the boy is goneand the girl is becoming the princess bride by getting engaged to anevil prince who plans to kill her so put the blame on enemy and peopleget mad because they love their buttercup (again why do they love her?do they personally know her? was she specially kind to them? or maybebecause their daughters were saved by this marriage) and attack theland of enemy. There are some zorro-ish sword fight in between, a verynot funny kidnapper and some of the worst and most nonsense dialogues Ihave ever heard in a movie. Oh, I forgot the rat which was like one ofthose Halloween costumes that kids wear. I'm sure they acted like abetter rat if they were put on their all fours and auditioned for thepart! Anyway, I do not recommend it to any one who is impressed by allthe love for this film. Those who love it will always love it so they'dbetter watch it together but do not include their kids or adults whothey think will certainly love it. No please don't do that to them. Iconfess I wanted to express my views on the message board but i knewI'd be murdered so I wrote my review and gave it 5 stars (though itdeserves much less) because I myself am a very nostalgic person andlive with my memories so 5 stars to all those who have kept this moviealive but gonna show mercy on the others!