When I first saw this movie,on DVD, I was like wow! This movie isgorgeous to look at, a famous trademark of Ridley Scott. The main flawin this movie is Tom Cruise. He looked confused throughout the movie,but he was still likable. The other flaw, is that the storyline takes awhile to get going. But all this actually managed to pick itself up,and do bear in mind it is theme driven film. I was impressed with MiaSara. She started off a little uncomfortable, but when she turned evil,she came alive. In fact, the personifications of good and evil were oneof the main reasons why I like this movie, other than Tim Curry, who isone of my favourite actors. The performance of Tim Curry is what makesthis movie. He was unrecognisable, underneath all the Oscar-nominatedmakeup, but what a performance, it blew me away, in perhaps the mostdefinitive portrayal of Satan ever on screen, both frightening and sexyat the same time! Even more amazing was that he is only 5'9 or so, andhe had to wear stilts, also that he was in his late 30s when he took onthis role, and I am glad he did. I felt as though I was in a differentworld when I saw this movie. The supporting actors David Bennent andAlice Playten offered solid support. I also liked the script, a littleinappropriate with the goblins perhaps, but not that bad. Theoutstanding music score by Jerry Goldsmith is without doubt one of hisfinest and most underrated works. This was evident in the dress scene,Lilli's song, the final underwater scene and the very end. Magical! Iliked the American version, but I much prefer the version I have onDVD, the European version, somehow I like less the score by TangerineDream . One definite thing that I liked about the American version wasDarkness's "Mother Night" speech, in the European version he is a lotmore mysterious. When this is on TV, it always shows the Americanversion, but my personal opinion is that the European version is better(this is the one I have on DVD). If you are a fantasy fan, watch thismovie, and either version. It is just beautiful, and definitelyunder-appreciated! 8/10. Bethany Cox