I have just watched this movie again because I remember only watchingbits and pieces of it a long time ago. I only remembered the part inwhich "The Man In Black" goes around besting the three guys to rescuethe princess, basically everything until they exit The Fire Swamp. So Idecided to watch it again but this time fresh in my mind and itactually isn't that bad.When a common woman tells her (I really don't know if it's slave orsomething) named Wesley to do things he consistently says "As YouWish", really meaning to say "I love you". When she loves him back hedecides to go out and make his fortune however he is said to be killedby a Pirate. Later an egotistical Prince (I'm not kidding, this guyalmost has the ego of William Shatner) decides to marry Buttercup andshe gets kidnapped by three bumbling people: a giant, a swordsman andthe brains of the operation. They decide to help the 2 feudingcountries start a war but they are followed by a man in black,presumably the same pirate that killed Wesley. Once he stops all threeand reveals to the Princess that he is Wesley she feels she wouldrather marry him then the Prince. However he won't allow that and hethen gets help from the swordsman and giant to stop the Prince becausesomeone high up in the court murdered the swordsman's father.Okay, This is a very well made movie but on some points I just feel asif I have to be the bad guy. The whole part of this being a storybookbeing read from grandfather to grandson I don't think contributesanything to the plot. I also need to say that the setting is off, Imean they make references to Earth locations when you have swamps thatshoot fire, giant rodents, giants and a whole lot of other things thatscream "Okay, this is not our world". I know, this movie is pretty mucha fairy tale but it just feels wrong.On the positive notes, the humour is a little funny if you like peoplesaying things only to have you say "Wait, what?" at it. I think theweirdest is when Wesley and Buttercup (The Princess) are in the FireSwamp and, it looks like Dagobah from Star Wars The Empire Strikes Backif it was back-lit a little more and he comments that it's not bad,then says the trees are "quite lovely", it's just so stupid and yet itdoes bring out a chuckle. I guess the other way to describe it is ifyou've seen anything by Joss Whedon, just think that except a littlebit more out there.I would also say the set design, the cinematography are a couple ofthings I liked as well. The sword fighting I think could have been shota little better (Although I did like the one with Wesley and IndigoMontoya) but aside from that there is no complaint here. I also thinkthe moments when it's intentionally corny do it really well.So if you haven't seen it I say what to expect is pretty much a fairytale. It's simple bare-bones motivations, true love will prevail andall that stuff. Although it is extremely self aware that what it'smaking is that and it does satirize the whole Disney thing beautifully.I'd personally say if you want to see it then just keep what I said inmind and if that's for you then, you'll like it okay. However if it'snot your thing then steer clear.