"As you wish..." "Inconceivable!" "My name is Inigo Montoya..."I love this film so much.From its opening scenes of the young boy being read a story by his kindlyGrandfather to the romance, action, adventure and fun of the fairy tale.ThePrincess bride tells the tale of the beautiful Buttercup (Robin Wright)andher true love Westley (Elwes)who become separated through the course of anunfortunate event involving some pirates. Westley's destiny is to rescueButtercup from the clutches of an evil Prince so that they might betogetheragain. Yet he's not bargained on some of the wonderful characters that hewill meet (and befriend) along the way...This film is so deliciously acted, made and written that it is a treat towatch.I've lost count of how many times I've seen it now. But every time Istill gain the same enormous amount of pleasure from watching it. A moviethat is a delight for the young and just as much fun for everyone else.The actors are all superb in their roles ('perfect casting' does not comeclose to describing it!) A young Cary Elwes is suitably dashing as ourcockyhero (check out the sword fighting!)and Robin Wright is good as thebeautiful Buttercup. Mandy Patinkin is great as the vengeful Inigo Montoyawho utters that famous "you killed my father. prepare to die" line.Everyoneelse gives there all, including Christoper Guest, Chris Sarandon (as themain villian), Wallace Shawn, the late Andre The Giant,Mel Smith, andBillyCrystal.Even though it is about 18 years old, the humour and sly jokes are stillassharp today as they were back in 1987.You know you are watching a greatmovie when you here Elwes' "To the pain..." speech near the end. You'veprobably seen The Princess Bride. If so...go and watch it again. Rightnow,and remind yourself how good it is! And if you haven't- what are youwaitingfor? Go and check it out now! It's worth it! Hands up who can quote thisentire film off by heart! ;)Watch out for:The R.O.U.S'sElwes' and Patinkin's Sword/word fightThe Miracle Max sceneWhen our heroes storm the castle (Go Inigo! Go Inigo!)Elwes' "To the pain..." speech. (Superb. Shows what a great (andunfortunately underused) actor he is)