Top Gun Maverick (Tom Cruise) and his fellas are manning the world'sbest jets adroitly, inventing their own moves and taking snapshots.Later, they train to get into the elite 'Top Gun' squad, and fight offthose 'blasted enemies'. In all these sequences, the audience can heara ubiquitous peppy Beverly Hills Cop-like pop number in the backgroundthat's quite sucky to be frank. Otherwise, the movie is a breezer, nota strain-on-the-brain but ain't too witty too. The story well, is like Lady Gaga's 'Judas' music video, cartoonish andflippant, not to forget abundant with clichés. The dialogs range frompleasers like "I feel the need, the need for Speed' to randomthrowaways like Val's 'Tom and Goose are ladies' joke. Maverick, for acomplex, larger than life man isn't just quite so, since the only thingarcane about him is the story of his father. Tom Cruise can make Maverick sound laughable at moments ( he doesn't have that strong,bellowing grunt that an air commander has) but does it reasonably wellin other scenes which require more of his 'boy-next-door' charm. KellyMcGillis does her job fine, but the chemistry between Tom and Gillis isweird, because at times it seems like a teenage-romance when it's not.That's where the director and writer are to be blamed for having thesilly elevator-all- smiling-scene. Age-factor is inconsistent throughout since all the characters can't beless than 25 but act in some shots like 'Grease' kids. Take for examplethe inane rivalry between Tom and Val. The latter calling Tom dangerousis fine but the locker room sequence where both face each other,snarling and giving cocky bitch looks is cheesy. I mean come on guysisn't it enough to see the young army guys cheering for Jersey Shorethat the cream of the crop pilots relegate to such sappy rivalries. The flight sequences are engaging, but I really wanted the charactersto drop F-bombs in such arbitrary situations. Of course,PG appeals to awider audience but these guys come off a bit to clean for thesituations they're thrown in. Eg. Tom Cruise crash landing in a twirlshould make him go 'I'm f***ing' losing it' or 'Oh f***, man!'. Roger Ebert was right when he said ' Movies like TG are hard to reviewbecause the good parts are so good while the bad ones are sorelentless'. I'd go with a 7 on 10 for Top Gun, and you know why? Cosfor a non-action movies fan, Top Gun still managed to hold my attentionfor 110 minutes of life.