Have you ever met a person who is completely different when they isaround their friends? Well, that would describe Danny Zuko (The greatJohn Travolta) right on the mark. Danny is a teenager who is driven byhis reputation of being the coolest kid in the school. This filmprovides an excellent view on the issue of reputation. It argues thathaving a reputation is more important than developing a relationshipwith the person whom you fell in love with. During the first song,called "Summer Nights", you can see the difference between Danny's realpersonality and his personality when he is with his friends. During thesong, all the guys sing about is what they did sexually, and asking howgood she was, and all that stuff, whereas Sandy and her friends singmore about the "falling in love". Sandy describes the lovely thingsthat they did on the beach, and all the fun they had playing around inthe water and watching sunsets and such. I think this song really setsthe tone for what happens later in the movie, and is foreshadowing theseparation between Sandy and Danny. Another time when we see the issueof reputation is when Sandy and Danny first meet after the Pep Rallyfor the football team. When they first see each other, it's almost likethey are genuinely happy to see each other, but then Danny takes a lookat his friends, and immediately changes. He acts very stuck up and fullof himself, just like his friends expect him to do, which leads intohim saying some really stupid, snotty jokes to Sandy. Danny is knownfor treating girls like toys, and acting like he is the most importantperson in the relationship. He can't let this sweet little girl ruinhis image! This is the first real time where we see the issue ofreputation, and how the film portrays it; as something more importantthan love. This issue is also apparent when they go to the diner. Dannydoesn't want to go in, since he doesn't want his friends to see himalone with Sandy, but she insists. Danny is a completely differentperson when his friends come up and sit with him. He makes jokes andrejects Sandy when she asks him if he wants to meet her parents fortea. In this particular scene, it is apparent that Danny is afraid toshow who he really is. He doesn't want his friends to see him loveanother person. As you can see, there are many scenes in this film thatreally show the issue of reputation. I get it, your reputation is a bigpart of high school. You care a lot about what others think of you, andyou want to keep your friends, but does this aspect of a reputationmean that you should lose the girl you fell in love with? I don't thinkso. That is why I do not agree with how they presented this issue. Itteaches kids the wrong idea about how a relationship should work.