It's one of the great Hollywood legends how George Raft helped makeHumphrey Bogart a leading man by turning down in succession, HighSierra, The Maltese Falcon, and Casablanca. Maybe Raft showed some goodsense in letting a better actor handle those roles. In any event we'vegot some proof in the case of Casablanca.Check out some time a film called Background to Danger that WarnerBrothers did with George Raft that also featured Peter Lorre and SydneyGreenstreet. Had Raft ever done Casablanca the film would have been aroutine action/adventure story just like Background to Danger. Insteadwith Bogey we get that, but also one of the great love stories of thecentury. Humphrey Bogart set the standard for playing expatriate Americansoldiers of fortune in Casablanca. Right now he's between wars runningRick's Cafe Americain in Casablanca in Morocco, an area controlled forthe moment by the Vicky French government. He's got his fingers in awhole lot of pies, but Bogey operates with his own code of ethics. Hesticks his neck out for nobody.Nobody except the great love of his life Ingrid Bergman who left himmysteriously in Paris as he was fleeing the oncoming German occupation.She walks back into his life with a husband, Paul Henreid who is a wellknown anti-fascist leader.The rest of the film is a contest for Bogey's soul. Torn between hisgreat love, his own anti-fascist beliefs, and certain practicalnecessities of operating a liquor and gaming establishment in a hostileenvironment. So many things combine to make Casablanca the great film it is. IngridBergman's lovely incandescence melding and melting Bogey's cynicalscreen persona. The indelible characterizations of Peter Lorre, SydneyGreenstreet, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and the whole rest of a 100%perfectly cast film. And the revival of a great ballad which serves asCasablanca's theme song.I say revival because As Time Goes By was introduced in 1931 in theGeorge White Scandals on Broadway by Rudy Vallee. He made a record ofit which sold quite a few disks back then. But by the merest ofcoincidences there was a strike that lasted two years that just beganaround the time Casablanca came out. The Musicians Union struck againstthe record companies. With no new records being made RCA Victorre-released Vallee's record and it became a monster hit on revival.Also when Casablanca came out as if the White House had a personalinterest in the film FDR and Churchill had the first of their wartimeconferences in----Casablanca of all places. Jack Warner must have saida prayer for that to happen.There are so many classic scenes and lines from Casablanca you canwrite a comment just by listing them. But my favorite has always beenwhen the Germans have taken over Rick's place and are singing some oftheir songs, Paul Henreid goes to orchestra leader and asks him to leadLa Marsellaise. With a nod from Bogey, the orchestra plays, Henreidleads them and the rest of the non-Germans in the cafe join in. Over 60years later, one still gets a thrill from that act of defiance.Bogart and Rains were nominated for Best Actor and Best SupportingActor. Any of the others could have been as well. As I said beforeCasablanca is perfectly cast right down to minor roles like Curt Boisas a pickpocket, John Qualen as a fellow resistance leader, and S.Z.Sakall as a waiter at Rick's. If there was an award for ensemble cast,Casablanca would have won it. As it was it did win for Best Picture of1943 and best director for Michael Curtiz.Casablanca will be seen and loved by filmgoers for generations untoinfinity, as time goes by.