Legend is director Ridley Scott's attempt at 80's style fantasy,starring Ferris Bueller's Mia Sara as Princess Lili and as her loveinterest a pre-Top Gun Tom Cruise as forest dweller Jack. In aconvoluted series of events, Jack takes Lili to see some sacredunicorns - which he shouldn't for some reason ? and then she proceedsto touch one ? which she shouldn't for some reason. This turn of eventsleads minions of the Lord of Darkness (Tim Curry, in top form) to chopoff the stallion's horn ? an item of coveted power ? and kidnapPrincess Lili, both to be brought before Darkness in a master plan tobring eternal night to the world. Now the 'heroic' Jack, aided by hismisfit band of elves and dwarfs, must rescue the princess and save theworld from its inevitable pitch-black doom.The massive problem with this movie, and there are copious issues, isthe fact that it takes so much pleasure in being so damn dark thatthere's minimal fun to be had ? a crucial element of fantasy. Takesimilar genre films from the time ? Labyrinth had the music, Willow andPrincess Bride had charm and characterisation, and the one thing thatthey all shared was a sense of wonder. Legend is too dark and scary forchildren yet the plot and pacing is too juvenile for adults.Which leads me to the plot ? or lack thereof it would seem. We havesome basic thematic elements such as good versus evil and all thatcrap, but it's amazing that with such a simplistic storyline thatnothing that is happening on screen is ever really clear, instead itseems to rush through the motions of the plot without focus. This ispartly due to the fact that these characters are just so damnone-dimensional that we as an audience simply don't care.The acting by the leads is really appalling. Mia Sara is just plainterrible with an accent that slips in and out constantly, and it'samazing that the fledgling superstar career of Tom Cruise was notaffected by this. The major, and dare I say only, highlight of Legendcomes in the form of the Lord of Darkness. Tim Curry is superintimidating as the red-skinned demon, delivering an awesomeperformance with a really fantastic makeup job to boot ? Darkness isone of the greatest and most iconic villains in cinematic history.I do also need to point out the elf Honeythorn Gump, played by DavidBennett ? I was constantly creeped out by the fact he looks like atween Anthony Hopkins, running around in a loincloth.I understand that this was a troubled production ? the sets located onthe legendary Pinewood Studios were completely lost in fire andreplacement sets were thrown together at the eleventh hour ? but itdoesn't really excuse this abortion of a film. Although Ridley Scotthas made some masterpieces (Blade Runner, Alien) his track record offilms such as this make me sceptical of his revered status in the filmcommunity.And I am also aware of multiple versions of this movie existing aswell. The one that I have viewed does not seem to be the patentedRidley Scott director's cut, but a 90 minute offering with a scoresupplied by composer Jerry Goldsmith ? the original European release ifI'm not mistaken.The Lord of Darkness alone cannot save this heaping pile of unicorncrap from being one of the lamest and boring films of the genre. Legend= 100% ironic title.