You know the movie, you remember those moments, etc, skimming past theair tower, coffee splutter scene, dolly shot with Tom Cruise on hisbike, arriving at new fighter pilot school, and of course all thosegreat songs. Some memorable moments, they've parodied in later movies,even that Bogie line, that you couldn't resist using in later spoofs,the one of course, you know which I'm referring. Although this a veryentertaining and well made film, it isn't a good one, where beneath allthose well staged and brilliantly filmed flying sequences, great classysongs, and those moments, tragic, and humorous, is a film that keepsdropping down to a case of ordinary, or unexceptional. Maverick(Cruise) and Goose (Edwards), love the names, are sent up with the bestof the best, to the naval school of Top Gun. Of course, we have an ace'hot sh.t' pilot there, already, Iceman (Kilmer) who him and Cruise,encounter a few stare offs, in discreetly smooth and mocking ways andnear butt heads occasionally. Cocky Cruise, also falls for new femaleinstructor (McGillis) where as Cruise says, "Things could getdifficult", and they do. Performance wise, many actors are better thanCruise, Kilmer and McGillis, for starters, but really Cruise just hasto give off his pretty boy smile, and sport his handsome looks andcockiness, which he does well, and you feel that's all the part asksfor, and by that token, he's done splendid. His history, is that helost his father as a kid, and was orphaned by Goose, his only family.May'be if he put more of that history into that performance, it wouldof come off better. Top Gun, is very neatly, cleanly shot, and richlyin picture quality. I haven't seen a neater shot film. That tragicmoment, where Cruise lost one of his own, came off really well, and waseffective. Top Gun is not a plot driven movie, and just one ofsituations, which could be the downfall. It's No 'Right Stuff' or othertype movies, just an entertaining, engaging, and in part, thrillingwatch from a guy, not with us now, of course, who made many betterfilms, and other successors. Incidentally, Top Gun had a 51 week run inAdelaide, one week shy of a year. Almost made it.