This is one of a number of movies I saw back when they were firstreleased, misguidedly enjoyed at the time, and now find I have majorissues with. I suppose it's a mildly entertaining movie of generallybrainless drivel (50's greaser stereotype rebellion), with a few catchytunes. If it was merely that, okay, but this film gives its viewers(especially teenage ones) ALL the worst possible messages.The plot revolves around "young love" (?) as experienced by the pretty,innocent young Australian girl, Sandy (Olivia Newton-John) who has asummer romance with Danny (John Travolta). In the fall she discoversthat they attend the same school, Rydell High, and that Danny is theleader of a greaser gang called the T birds. Their different attitudesnaturally bring conflict into their (immature) relationship. Sandyfinally becomes convinced that she must turn herself into a tart inorder to keep her man, and proceeds to do precisely that.First, a few compliments to the movie. I'm a big fan of OliviaNewton-John and her (earlier) music, think she's lovely in this pictureand a lovely lady still. Also, John Travolta is a guy with charismagalore; I loved him in Saturday Night Fever. In terms of the music, myfavorite piece is "Hopelessly Devoted to You", a beautiful romanticsong that deserved its Oscar. (Too bad Sandy feels pressured to havesex with the guy she's "hopelessly devoted" to.) But that's just aboutwhere my compliments end, and my rating of 4 is mainly from a sense ofnostalgia. Wrong messages, where to begin? First of all, Danny is the leader of agang, whose purpose is rebellion (as though teenagers needed anyencouragement there, Ha, ha) Well, the gang isn't really violent, yousay? Maybe not, but even the Pink Ladies, its female counterpart, is atbest quite an established clique. Teenagers have enough trouble dealingwith peer pressure both then and today. Did they really need a filmencouraging them to alter their persona to fit in with the crowd?Sandy begins smoking in order to feel accepted by the Pink Ladies andespecially Danny. Way to go, Sandy. I don't even need to startmentioning all the negative aspects here.But worst, absolute worst...the very obvious message to all teenagegirls watching, that virginity is just plain unacceptable...you can'tpossibly expect to keep your man unless you dress provocatively andpresumably deliver the goods as well. You know what, Sandy, you werefine just the way you were at the start...young, sweet, and innocent.If Danny doesn't like you that way, tough; let him look elsewhere. YOUkeep your self respect, girl, and find some other guy who WILLappreciate you as you are and not expect anything from you you're notprepared to give.Enough lecturing, except to conclude...Yes, Grease is the word allright, if you want to send a teenager all the wrong messages, that is.