You can just imagine Jerry Bruckheimer sitting at the studio offices ina totally disinterested mood as his colleagues discuss the pre planningstages of TOP GUN . Dismissing anything that vaguely resembles a goodidea Jerry turns to them and says " Forget about complicated plots andgreat stories . Hire me a couple of hunky actors with great teeth andwrite me a couple of songs for the soundtrack " and his colleaguescomply Personally speaking the above attitude seems kind of lousy if you wantto make a good film but it's logical if you want to make a successfulone . Tom Cruise and Val Kilmer , if the teenage girls don't rush outto the cinema to see either of these guys sure as hell every dentist inthe country will , so right away you've got a ready made audience . Addto that lots of macho big boys toys ( In this case fighter jets ) whichwill appeal to a teenage male audience and you've got an even biggerready made audience . Plus you can release a soundtrack which meansmore money and advertising for the movieYes indeed TOP GUN was a mega success at the cinema which proves JerryBruckheimer knows his stuff . However as many , many people have notedthere's a big difference between a GOOD movie and a SUCCESSFUL movieand watching TOP GUN after almost 20 years after it came out it comesacross as being shallow , thread bare and rather jingoistic . From thevery first scene of fighter aircraft flying off the carrier to theclosing credits director Tony Scott seems to be making something that'sa cross between a recruiting film for the US Navy and a music video ,there's romance for the girls , a few dog fight for the boys but muchof it seems aimed for the next MTV slot . There's not a lot here thatwill challenge the mindI also couldn't noticing the flag waving either , in just about everyscene a character proudly boasts that " The United States has the bestfighter pilots in the world " . I'm not dissing anyone across the pondwho's served their country but the undisputed kings of the sky are theIsraeli airforce who manged to destroy 240 Egyptian fighters in onesingle day during the 1967 six day war . They also shot down 38 Syrianaircraft in dogfights , again in a single day , in June 1982 . TheIsraelis have no equals when it comes to fighter pilots * . I canunderstand Hollywood getting all nationalistic since they had such aright wing president ( A former Hollywood actor no less ) at the timebut the " God bless the United States - we're the best at everything wedo " attitude does grate very quickly especially to non Americans and alater Bruckheimer production PEARL HARBOR drowned in its patrioticfervor with an American fighter pilot almost winning The Battle OfBritain single handed A lot of people flocked to the cinema when it was first released and alot of people bought the soundtrack too , but as a film it is rathershallow , uninvolving and if you can't remember the 1980s then youmight be ever so puzzled why this film made so much money . If truth betold I'm slightly puzzled myself and I suggest you go out of your wayto watch AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN which is a very similar movie but afar better one* For a film that strangely negates the skill of the Israeli airforce Icouldn't help noticing that this movie was inspired by an articlewritten by Ehud Yonay . I've not checked up on this guy's backgroundbut wouldn't Ehud Yonay be an Israeli name ?