Despite the glaring flaws you will find in this movie. It remains oneof my favorite ones to watch for a number of reasons.1) It has EVERYTHING! Action, comedy, drama, suspense, revenge, fairy-tales, heroes, villains, pirates, giants, miracle men, even rodents ofunusual size. There is a reason it is always among the list of BestMovies, Funniest Movies, and Best Love Stories of All Time. 2) The CAST. Hard to name a more fitting princess than the beautifulRobin Wright, Cary Elwes can sweep you off your feet as a farmboy or amasked man, Mandy Patinkin delivers the most memorable quote of hiscareer, and the rest of the ensemble transport you into their magicalworld.3) It has ROBIN WRIGHT in it! Did I say that already?4) It brings out the KID in me and the nostalgia of those days. If onlyfor two hours you can go to a distant land and be on an adventure andfeel positive and young again. 5) It has plenty of MEMORABLE LINES and scenes. SOME MISSES: - SPECIAL EFFECTS are pretty lame, even by 80's standards(the rodents could not have been more fake and some of the props aresub-standard) - STORY: Predictable and full of clichés -SCRIPT/DIALOGUE: While there are numerous memorable lines, they arerepeated too frequently throughout the course of the movie. The scriptwas simplistic. And to be objective, not too funny for most adults. -ACTING: There isn't much depth to any of the characters but the scriptdidn't give the actors much to work with, for starters. Youngeraudiences may not notice it, but older ones may cringe in some scenes -CHEESE FACTOR: oh boy, it has plenty. It openly deals with "True Love"in a fantasy environment so it's pretty much set-up for sappy-ness.FOR: - People who still have their inner child intact somewhere -Family movie night - Slumber Party with the girls - Reminiscing withothers who have seen this movie as a kidNOT FOR: - Kids who are too young (who might get scared by giant rats,some fighting, torture, talk of killing, and kissing scenes) - Peoplewho take themselves too seriously or are jaded cynics - Grown-ups whowill be seeing this for the first time and have been misled by the highratingsBOTTOM LINE: Cheesy Mac & Cheese with bacon bits. My favorite food eversince I was a kid. It was yummy then and still yummy now and I don'thave to explain why I love it, I just do. If only for the fact thatI've carried my love for this movie since childhood, my sentimentalattachment to it would give it a 10/10.But then my Mac & Cheese, no matter how yummy, is never gonna get 3Michelin stars next to a dish with fancy truffles. As a MOVIE, strippedof my nostalgia, this one is mediocre at best. There are moreimaginative fantasy movies, funnier comedies, more romantic lovestories, and more exciting adventures.