Grease is the word. There are many musicals in the world but not onecompare to the musical that is Grease. You have the T-birds and thePink Ladies and new incomer Sandy Olsson, who overall take the storythrough twists and turns. Good girl Sandy and Greaser Danny must makelife-changing decisions on whether being who they are now is worthloosing the one they most care about.Like most musicals, Grease tells their audience the story through songengaging the audience. With the song "Summer Nights" we are introducedinto the background information on how exactly Sandy and Danny metduring the summer. With the two stories not adding up we get a feel onthe personalities of bad boy Danny and sweet and innocent Sandy. Afterrunning into each other at a pep rally for the football team, Sandyruns off crying after being humiliated by the bad boy Danny in front ofhis fellow T-birds and Pink Ladies. Throughout the story we see thenumerous attempts by both Danny and Sandy to show one another whetherit be changing from a leather jacket to a letterman jacket or dating ajock in attempts to make him jealous. Through "Hopelessly Devoted toYou" and " Sandy" the couple show that no matter what they are goingthrough now they cant and wont stop loving each other. While the Danny and Sandy are trying to make things work, Danny'ssecond in command Kenickie is out to beat T-birds rival gang TheScorpions in a race were they will be racing for ownership papers ofthe cars or what they call "Pinks". Though a series of unfortunateevents and Kenickie is incapable of racing he asks his friend Danny totake his place. After winning the race and defeating their rivals wesee that Sandy has been watching the race from afar. Asking PinkLadies' Frenchy for a makeover we see that not only did Danny make thetransition from leather jacket to letterman but also Sandy went frominnocent to Pink Lady newcomer. In the final scene Rydell High School has rewarded the graduating classwith a senior carnival. Here we get the first look at new and improvedDanny Zuko who has indeed traded in his T-bird jacket, but he isn't theonly one who made a drastic change. After reassuring his fellow boysthat this change in jackets didn't mean the end to their friendship,Danny is soon interrupted by the new Sandy Olsson. "You're The One ThatI Want" is the final song number the couple sing showing that they bothchanged their ways to be with each other and in the end it worked outfor the best. The final number the T-birds and the Pink Ladies performis the song, " We Go Together". This number gives the audience thefinal feel for the movie and the two groups of friends as they partways. Yes the movie isn't the most relevant and up to date movie, but itstill has what it takes to be a classic. With the love story thatGrease takes us on, we take a trip when not just the girl has to changefor the guy but also the guy goes through endless activities to be withhis one true love. This movie is one you can't get tired of. The moreyou watch the more the songs stick with you and with the songs it justadds in to the affect that comes with watching Grease. Grease reallyand truly is the word. And it's a movie that is worthy enough to beconsidered a classic.