There is a scene about halfway through the movie Casablanca that hasbecome commonly known as 'The Battle of the Anthems' throughout thefilm's long history. A group of German soldiers has come into Rick'sCafé American and are drunkenly singing the German National Anthem atthe top of their voice. Victor Lazlo, the leader of the FrenchResistance, cannot stand this act and while the rest of the club staresappalled at the Germans, Lazlo orders the band to play 'Le Marseilles(sic?)' the French National Anthem. With a nod from Rick, the bandbegins playing, with Victor singing at the top of HIS voice. This inturn, inspires the whole club to begin singing and the Germans areforced to surrender and sit down at their table, humbled by the crowd'sdedication. This scene is a turning point in the movie, for reasonsthat I leave to you to discover. As I watched this movie again tonight for what must be the 100th time,I noticed there was a much smaller scene wrapped inside the biggerscene that, unless you look for it, you may never notice. Yvonne, aminor character who is hurt by Rick emotionally, falls into the companyof a German soldier. In a land occupied by the Germans, but populatedby the French, this is an unforgivable sin. She comes into the bardesperately seeking happiness in the club's wine, song, and gambling.Later, as the Germans begin singing we catch a glimpse of Yvonnesitting dejectedly at a table alone and in this brief glimpse, it isconveyed that she has discovered that this is not her path tofulfillment and she has no idea where to go from there. As the singingprogresses, we see Yvonne slowly become inspired by Lazlo's act ofdefiance and by the end of the song, tears streaming down her face, sheis singing at the top of her voice too. She has found her redemption.She has found something that will make her life never the same againfrom that point on. Basically, this is Casablanca in a nutshell. On the surface, you maysee it as a romance, or as a story of intrigue, but that is onlypartially correct.The thing that makes Casablanca great is that it speaks to that placein each of us that seeks some kind of inspiration or redemption. Onsome level, every character in the story receives the same kind ofcatharsis and their lives are irrevocably changed. Rick's is the mostobvious in that he learns to live again, instead of hiding from a lostlove. He is reminded that there are things in the world more noble andimportant than he is and he wants to be a part of them. Louis, thescoundrel, gets his redemption by seeing the sacrifice Rick makes andis inspired to choose a side, where he had maintained carefulneutrality. The stoic Lazlo gets his redemption by being shown thatwhile thousands may need him to be a hero, there is someone he can relyupon when he needs inspiration in the form of his wife, who was readyto sacrifice her happiness for the chance that he would go on living.Even Ferrai, the local organized crime leader gets a measure ofredemption by pointing Ilsa and Lazlo to Rick as a source of escapeeven though there is nothing in it for him. This is the beauty of this movie. Every time I see it (and I have seenit a lot) it never fails that I see some subtle nuance that I havenever seen before. Considering that the director would put that muchmeaning into what is basically a throw away moment (not the entirescene, but Yvonne's portion) speaks bundles about the quality of thefilm. My wife and I watched this movie on our first date, and sincethat first time over 12 years ago, it has grown to be, in my mind, thegreatest movie ever made.