Love and sacrifice during WWII underlie the story about a café ownernamed Rick (Humphrey Bogart), and his link to two intellectual refugeesfrom Nazi occupied France. Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman) and Victor Laszlo(Paul Henreid) seek asylum here in politically neutral Casablanca and,like other European refugees, gravitate to Rick's upscale café, nearthe city's airport, with its revolving searchlight.Rick is a middle-aged cynic who also has a touch of sentimentalism,especially for people in need, like Ilsa and Victor. The film's storyis ideal for romantics everywhere.Much of the plot takes place inside Rick's café, an ornate nightclubwith archways and high ceilings. Rick's is a gathering place for aneclectic mix of patrons, from locals to those who have arrived fromcountries throughout Europe. It's this deliciously internationalambiance of Rick's café that renders this film so appealing, with avariety of interesting accents, clothes, and uniforms. And, of course,there's Sam, the piano player, who plays all the favorites, including"As Time Goes By".All of the film's technical elements are excellent including thescript, with its colorful characters, like the debonair Captain Renault(Claude Rains); and Signor Ferrari (Sydney Greenstreet), the articulateand portly "leader of all illegal activities in Casablanca". And aminor character that made an impression on me was the guitar playingfemale singer at Rick's (Corinna Mura), whose beautifully operaticvoice was an unexpected delight in this smoke filled saloon.The film's dialogue, though substantial, is clever and lively, likewhen Captain Renault observes Rick escorting an intoxicated woman outof the bar: "How extravagant you are, throwing away women like that;some day they may be scarce".High-contrast B&W lighting renders a noir look. And that pounding scoreat the film's beginning is stunning; it evokes a feeling of far-offadventure."Casablanca" differs from traditional noir films, mostly as a result ofits ending. Rick must make a choice between his own interests and theinterests of others. The choice he makes enjoins viewers to a sense ofcourage and optimism, an individual's example of proper collectivebehavior in the war against Nazi Germany.