If there's ever proof of the cachet of Naval Aviation, this is it. Thosepoor Air Force guys got a trio of "Iron Eagle" flicks that went from badtohorrible, whereas the Navy flyboys got this great 1980's classic. Sure,it'scheesy and corny, but it makes the cheese and corn taste pretty damn good.Acynic might argue that it's just a two hour long Navy recruiting ad (onethat worked for me, two years later I found my ass in Pensacola sweatingthrough AOCS, short for Aviation Officer Candidate School, the programimmortalized in "An Officer and a Gentleman") but by making a pro-Navymovie, the filmmakers also got invaluable technical assistance from topNavyaviators, and it shows.For starters, although this movie takes numerous liberties in order toentertain, the basic setup, in which fighter pilots from the fleet getsentto NAS Miramar, aka, "Top Gun" for intensive training, is 100% accurate.TheNavy, back during Vietnam, was getting sick of losing too many pilots inair-to-air combat. The problem, they discovered, was their fighter jockshadbeen trained for purely long-range missile interceptions, meaning they'dlost their dogfighting skills. And, in Vietnam, several American planeswereaccidentally shot down by their own side by missiles, so, as a safetyfactor, enemy planes had to be visually identified, meaning Americanpilotswere back to engaging the enemy at short range, hence the need fordogfighting. The "Top Gun" school was started as a result, and the rest ishistory.Now, back to the movie. Tom Cruise is Maverick, a hotshot pilot but alsosomewhat unstable. If "Risky Business" launched his career as a moviestar,then "Top Gun" cemented it. Guys wanted to be like him, and women ofcourselusted after him. The plot is pure formula, but executed with consummateprofessionalism. The team who put this movie together knew exactly how topush all the right buttons. But the crème de la crème is surely theflying.I don't think that any movie, before or since, has ever rendered aircombatin a more convincing and dramatic fashion. For nearly 100 years fighterpilots have been the modern equivalent of olden knights, men who brought asense of glamour and romance to the deadly art of war, and this moviegivesthem a fitting tribute.8/10