Legend is not a film you'd expect from director Ridley Scott, moreknown for historic and scifi films, yet when you look closer, you startto see the resemblance to his other films. The definite epic scope, theendless struggle between fluttering good and overpowering, almostinvincible evil, the use of heavy shadows and colours, the amazingproduction values.Legend is an important film for the fantasy film genre because of howit looks. It was one of the first films of its genre where real moneywas spent on set designs and special effects. And it shows. It's agorgeous film with a unique look that has influenced most films thatsucceeded it. Even if that unique look means making the whole worldglitter worse than all of the Twilight films combined.The costumes are also some of the best we had seen until then and theyhold up pretty well even today. Tim Curry's devil costume is especiallyimpressive on all levels. It's iconic, scary, yet expressive designthat's sure to leave a lasting impression.Unfortunately, it's not a perfect film. The story itself is not bad,but I get the sense that Scott bit off more than he could chew orsimply couldn't properly transfer his idea on to the silver screen. Ithas the makings of an epic, but the stages do not reach suitableheights to impress and the characters feel flat.This last point is not helped by the actors. This was one of TomCruise's first film roles and while it's not one of his worst, you canstill definitely see some of his worst habits and mannerisms indisplay. Mia Sara as Lili, the resident damsel in distress, is also notall that interesting or captivating, though she has her moments and ishold back by the clichéd script more than anything else.But then we have Tim Curry. And by gods, is he a sight to behold. Hischaracter, Darkness, is perhaps the only reason why this movie hasgathered a cult following. He defines the trope darkness is sexy, withhis smooth voice, ridiculously corny lines that he still makes work,somehow, and general presence that has never fitted him better thanhere, in an eight feet tall devil getup.Legend is worth a watch for fans of the fantasy genre. It helped movethe genre forward, contains some amazing moments and is also verypretty film in general. The story and most of the characters are notamazing, but they're not bad either, and most everyone should findsomething they like here.