I really enjoy watching this movie and always have. The music isamazing, the dancing is hilarious and energetic...entertainment, iswhat it is. :) Anyone looking for morals will be sadly disappointed,but anyone who looks for morals in Hollywood is kind of a fool anyways.Although I do have one thing to say - a lot of people get all huffyabout Sandy's big transformation at the end. They say it was aboutfitting in and "putting out". But I disagree. I obviously don't knowwhat the movie makers were going for, but based on what I see I come toa different conclusion than some other people. First off, Sandy doesn'tshow any signs of trying to fit in with the Pink Ladies or thecheerleaders or anyone else. She's just nice to everyone and doesn'tlike conflict. I mean she doesn't quit cheerleading or anything! Andsmoking was a little different in the 50's and even the 70's, I'mpretty sure - it was so much more common and not such a big deal. Next,when she sings to herself, she describes the Sandra Dee personality as"so scared and unsure". So when she says goodbye to Sandra Dee, she'ssaying goodbye to being "scared and unsure". When she walks out withthat new look, the most noticeable thing is her confidence. She'sshowing Danny (and herself) that there is a confident woman inside thatshy little girl; that there's more to her than meets the eye. She'sgetting his attention and showing him and everyone else that she canand will fight for him. Also, note that she sings "you'd better shapeup". Which, incidentally, he has tried to do by lettering in track (andin other ways). She's not saying she'll be anything he wants and havesex if he'll take her. She still shows a more rounded, aware version ofthe "Sandra Dee" wholesomeness by demanding a *man*. They are bothtrying to understand each other so that their supposedly differentworlds can come together - he is trying to show that he can be dependedon. She is trying to show that she can understand and embrace the rebelside of him, and that she isn't a rug to be walked on. She's moredemanding respect than compromising herself - as others say. It's moreof a meeting in the middle of two people learning how to understandeach other's differences than a good girl mindlessly pandering for abad boy. Still no sparkling moral message, but not, I don't think, the shallowchauvinist tragedy some see it to be. I always cheered for them - shySandy blooming for her man, and immature Danny laying down his pridefor his girl. :)That said...is there anyone who doesn't love the music in this movie?Whole reason I watch it, that's for sure! ;D