Top Gun is a high quality, visually stunning film that does all it canto take your breath away. It is the excellently choreographed dogfights that remain in the mind longer than anything as they are highoctane, dazzling bursts of excitement which bring the film to life.However, fighter jet sequences do not make a film and it is the plotwhere Top Gun has some occasional problems.Parts of the story are overly cheesy and clichéd. The proud to beAmerican theme is dire, repetitive and anyone who dislikes overpatriotism in films will despise this. The story line involving TomCruise and Tom Skerrit approaches boredom and is the pinnacle of TopGun's cheese. 'Cheese' is OK, as long as it is not serious and that iswhere that specific story line falls flat. The fun cheesy parts aresome of the films best moments. The volleyball scene is truly a classicand the four actors involved are genuinely enjoying themselves. Therelationship between Tom Cruise and Anthony Edwards is also very movingat times and the dynamic they have makes for great viewing.The acting is what saves Top Gun from being Tinsel town garbage. TomCruise launched his career with this film. His cocky smile makes himperfect for this role and Cruise does fantastically at portraying adetermined, passionate character. It is the emotional scenes whereCruise really sets himself apart from his peers. Cruise provides thefew scenes where the audience are made to feel any emotion and hecarries out his responsibility creditably. Anthony Edwards as Goose isalso effective as the man who takes second spot to Cruise's Maverick.He is instantly popular with the audience with his wit, humour andcharm. Val Kilmer and Rick Rossovich are great as the rivals. They playoff each other really well and do a fantastic job to personifyarrogance. Michael Ironside does what he does best and once again,manages to go through a whole film without smiling.The story between Cruise and Kelly McGillis is very romantic andsensual. The heat between them is conveyed very well on screen and itis this that sets Top Gun above films such as Iron Eagle and ChuckNorris films.Berlin's 'Take My Breath Away' is a song that still gets a good deal ofairplay and suits this film to perfection; it's cheesy and its 80s. Themusic is very effective at setting the mood and complements the feel ofthe film.Top Gun is a film that achieves its objectives, to entertain. If you'relooking for intelligent writing or mass thought provocation, this filmisn't for you. Top Gun is best suited to those who desire to switch offtheir brain and enjoy.