You can hate me or you can love me all you want for this review. At theend of the day, all that should matter is your opinion.Grease is not just a 70's fancy musical, it is a symbol to an era, anera when you could make a musical that had enough character to begreat.Today there is High School Musical, Rock Camp etc. I have beenfortunate enough (sarcasm) to watch all of these musicals, and I can'teven begin to explain how much I hate them. They lack of two basicthings, originality and being fun. And what a coincidence! becausethose are both of the mayor elements that makes Grease such a greatmovie. Released in 1978, Grease left a mayor print in the whole world. Well,there are many movies that have done that, so why does Grease stand outmore? Honestly, because the film wasn't that good.I mean think about it. What is the plot in this movie? a guy thatspends his whole high school year trying to get back together with hissummer love while doing annoying things along the way. Not much of aplot is it? And the moral? being a jerk who gets into fights, ignoreshis friends and doesn't do anything at school will help you turn yoursummer crush into a smoking cool girl who ends up with you in the enddespite all the times you tried to get into her panties? Not a verygreat moral, in fact, most of High School based movies usually have thecool guys being the bad guys and in the end they lose. So by now you might be saying, How can you say at that this movie isgreat and then trash its plot and moral? Well, if I may continue, I'dhave to say that the greatest thing about this movie, is that you don'treally care for the plot or the moral. You watch this movie, and youhave FUN!The songs are great, the dancing is great, the humour is great andyou'd think that without a plot the movie could be impossible to watch,but no; you are so entertained while watching Grease that you wouldn'tcare if someone's child dies in the middle of the film. By the way, forall of you who haven't seen the movie, that doesn't happen.Yes it's very corny, the actors that are suppose to be in their teenyears look like they're thirty and the character development is notvery deep. But I'll say it again, you WON'T CARE! and that is why thismovie is considered to be one of the best musicals of all time. Itmanages to take the incredibly picky movie critics out of us and makesus sing and dance along with it, WITHOUT COMPLAINING!!Nowadays, directors have tried to create a musical which has the samepower as Grease. Most of them have failed miserably to try and hide thelack of plot or horrible acting, leaving them as cinema failures whoonly the eight year old girls will like. HSM and many others may have agreat commercial success for kids, but its Grease which truly makes acheesy school musical enjoyable for the whole family.Grease was, is and shall always be the word10/10