There is no term to describe this other than classic, but not the typeof classic that a film like THE WIZARD OF OZ or GONE WITH THE WIND are.That is because when this film was being made, it was just anotherassembly line production from it's studio (Warner). When you see ittoday, the cast appears so great that you would think it was somethingspecial, but this supporting cast, great as it is, worked togetheroften. What this has in common with the WIZARD is a great script.The writers of CASABLANCA came up with a script that tops all otherfilms in classic moments of quotes that have become a part ofAmericana. So many quotes from this film are used in other films &media that they have become cliché almost. Even miss-quotes like "PlayIt Again, Sam" from this film have become American folk-lore. "Round upthe Usual Suspects" has become it's own film later. "You & Me, Kid"-the list goes on & on.Other than the Great Oz, these quotes just flowfrom this film to 100's of other works since this film was made.What makes this film really special is the unfulfilled love betweenBogart & Bergman's character that is left hanging at the end. In anera, where love always had to have a happy ending, this moviegloriously leaves us with people in love who are forced away from eachother by circumstances beyond either of their control. This theme is closer to real life than most Hollywood products of anyera. Almost everybody can identify with it because haven't we all had alove in our life who we yearned for very much, but due to circumstancesbeyond us, we never had a chance to fulfill? That is too me what makesthis film stand above all others.This is a film that has action, but not much of it. This film hascomedy, but only enough to make the film great. It has subtle patrioticthemes that carry the film along. Most importantly, this film has theheart of every viewer who ever watches it because the film, byaccident, touches themes that many films aspire to reach, but neverachieve. Ironically, this all happened by the greatest of chance & rarely hasany movie ever come close to what this film is. If I were a filmmaker,actor, or had a career in this industry, this would be the film I wishI had worked on. Nothing gets better than this one.