I've got a real love/hate relationship with this movie. I never beforein my life watched it until a few months ago. The first time I watchedit (original theater version)it didn't interest me enough to prevent mefrom taking phone calls, doing other things, surfing IMDb, etc. Upon reading different readers reviews and the message boards on IMDb Idecided that I wouldn't write my review until I had viewed the muchacclaimed "directors cut." so now having watched both versions i'llpost my review.I must say I prefer the Goldsmith score, Tangerine Dream isn'thorrible, just hokey in most spots and that song at the end ishorrific. The only time I preferred the Dream score was during themushy parts. Otherwise, Goldsmith's score was more appropriate for theaction and fantasy parts of it.I also prefer the director's cut..BUT there were certain parts of thetheater version that were better than the directors cut. The opening ofthe theater version was better than the director's cut IMO. The entirescene spent with Darkness talking to his father is him in a chair withthe creepy green eyes (theater) vs. unseen off-screen voice talking toa shot of the fireplace (director). (I can understand that perhapsScott wanted to save his villain for a grand unveiling towards the endof the movie, but I still prefer the theatrical version.)There are also extra scenes and extended scenes in the directors, thatfill in the story to make in more coherent, interesting and "questy"feeling. This is why I prefer the director's cut, it managed to hold myattention this time.There's plenty more than I wanted to see of Cruise squatting andcrouching, and close ups of both Sara & Cruise with unibrows, but theseare minor annoyances. The make up and effects are excellent (Goblins,elves, Darkness etc.) before movies started getting CGI'd to all hell. Tim Curry is without a doubt the best thing about this movie. As"Darkness". He's decadently evil & seductive. (And unrecognizableunderneath all the makeup & prosthetics.) The only thing recognizableis his voice (and even then you sometimes have to really listen to hearit.) He's not in the movie nearly enough.I believe a IMDb poster recommended to "watch both versions and makeyour own cut." I'd have to generally agree. It's a decent movie, butdoes leave you wanting more. 6/10