I first became aware of this film's existence back when I was aroundnine years old, but never actually saw it. At the time, I highly doubtthat was a great loss for me, as if I did see "Casablanca" when I wasthat young, there probably wouldn't have been many words for me to useto describe what I thought of it, other than "boring." However, Ifinally watched it for the first time about eleven years later, earlierthis year, and was very impressed, even though I wouldn't have given ita 10/10 at the time. Since then, for me, it has improved with moreviewings! The film is set during World War II in Casablanca, Morocco, where manyEuropean refugees, fleeing from the Nazis, had to come in order to haveany hope of getting to Lisbon, then to America. Rick Blaine is anAmerican in exile who runs a nightclub in the Moroccan city. He is verycynical and "sticks his neck out for nobody." After it is announcedthat two German couriers have been murdered, Ugarte, the murderer,comes to Rick's club and asks him to hold on to two letters of transitfor a while. Shortly afterwards, Ugarte is arrested, so Rick is stuckwith these letters. The nightclub owner is then informed that VictorLaszlo, the European Resistance leader, is coming to Casablanca, andMajor Strasser of the Gestapo tells him to make sure Victor doesn'tescape from the city. Victor comes to Casablanca with Ilsa Lund, Rick'sformer love who left him in Paris! At first, Rick is not pleased to seeIlsa again. Ilsa and Victor have come for the two letters, butconvincing Rick to give them to the couple won't be easy!It has been 65 years since "Casablanca" was first shown to the public,and since then, many people from generation after generation have seenit and have been blown away! With its poignancy, suspense, strongdialogue, romance, etc., this 1942 motion picture is a work of genius,and there's nothing surprising about its wide appeal! So, if you wantto see a stunning love story, set and made during WWII, and moviesdon't require a whole ton of action to impress you, I would say"Casablanca" is a must-see! If you don't love it right away, maybe younever will, or maybe it will grow on you with a second or thirdviewing!