There's nothing like a Romantic Classic, and since the AFI recently named"Casablanca" as the Number One romance film of all time, here's yetanotherreview for the Film That Has It All.  As the IMDB tagline says, "They hadadate with fate!""Casablanca" will take you away to a time and a place where good guys(Humphrey Bogart's Rick Blaine, who runs "Rick's Café Americain," an oasiswith the best music in town) were good, though flawed, bad guys were nastyNazis, and beautiful women were, well, in a word, Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman).The closeups of her alone are worth the price of admission.Based on a play, "Everybody Comes to Rick's Place," the movie's dialogueisspectacular -- Rick and Louie's (Claude Rains) banter in particular isveryfunny, witty, and fast-paced, with no fat. The film's black-and-whitetexture and the exotic setting in Casablanca paint a picture of a time andaplace where things fall into the grey areas in a world starkly dividedbetween Axis and Allies.  The quirky market scenes and the openingnarration(with the map, to show you exactly where Casablanca is located) set thestage for the events to follow.Claude Rains and Peter Lorre (who makes an early exit) complement Bogieperfectly, and the supporting cast -- Paul Henreid as Czech undergroundresistance leader (and Ilsa's husband) Victor Laszlo, the German coupletrying to get to America, and Sydney Greenstreet as Ferrari, the city'sblack marketeer -- are nothing short of spectacular.  Every actor in thismovie makes their characters 100 percent real.The entire plot -- based on Laszlo's mysterious entry into Casablanca andwhether he will be able to get out to carry on his fight against theGermans-- is riveting.  Perhaps the most incredible thing about the movie is whenit was made: 1942, in the heart of World War II, when the outcome was notassured.There are so many great and memorable lines in this movie that it'simpossible to list them all.  It is worth noting that Rick never actuallysays "Play it again, Sam" -- he says, "Play it, Sam!" in a drunken stuporafter Ilsa returns to his "gin joint." Louie's (Rains) line, "I'm shocked,shocked, that there is gambling in this establishment!" is almost a clichétoday for things that are not really that surprising.  I love the roulettescene, where Rick sets up a win to help a Bulgarian émigré, and his line"Have you tried 22? I said, 22!" is also one of my personalfavorites.And of course, there's The Song: "As Time Goes By" -- the one Ilsa, andRick, wanted to hear again and again -- is one of the most memorable inthehistory of film."Casablanca" is about politics; it's got political intrigue, tons of harddrinking, a love triangle to end all love triangles, a few choice fightscenes (where the nasties get theirs good), and about the choices we makeinhard, crucial situations in life.  But "Casablanca" is, more than anythingelse, a love story, and without giving away too much, ultimately about oneof life's greatest lessons: Letting Go. The flashback scene to Rick andIlsa's years in Paris is one of the most memorable in all of film. Theairport ending is classic and will give you chills -- be sure to bring ahankie!Note:  Keep an eye out for "Casablanca" on the Big Screen in the summer --it's a favorite for the outdoor free film fests and a perfect movie for adate or with family & friends!  (Probably teens & up, younger kidswouldn'tget it.)