The Princess Bride is framed by a second narrative of a grandpa tellinga story to his sick grandchild, who like all pre-teen boys wants tolisten to things like sports and fighting, not true love and kisses. Ofcourse in the end he changes his mind, having being enthralled by thestory like so many others. It's a very neat device which allows thefilm some breathing space; clichés, larger than life characters withseemingly singular purposes, fantastic declarations of true love andsacrifice, mysterious locations that challenge then are never returnedto...it can be all chalked up to the fairytale nature of it. And that'sperhaps a crucial selling point that may make or break an impression ofthe cult classic; it's simply something that you either love or hate. A relieving thing about The Princess Bride is that it never takesitself too seriously. Buttercup (Robin Wright) is by far the mostserious and passionate of the cast; even the enigmatic Inigo Montoya(Mandy Patinkin) has moments of playfulness and humour. WhenButtercup's desperate cries of suicide rather than be wedded to a manshe does not love, the film simply takes it down a notch. Theprotagonists are never confronted with too difficult a challenge or tooperilous a situation, and if they are in a spot, there's always somesort of device or miracle to lift them out of it. Although the main romantic storyline and the tale of revenge are indeedcliché to a degree, there's also moments where Princess Bride can stepback and subvert those fairytale moments. The castle's gatekeeperstraight forwardly refuses to give up the key to the gates and looks tobe up for a fight, before a threat of missing limbs from no less thanAndre the Giant very quickly makes him fold and surrender, in acowardly but humorous manner. The main villain Humperdinck is persuadedto surrender after an impassionate and fierce condemnation from thelowly diamond in a rough protagonist, Westley. Only after he is tied upthen it is revealed that Westley can barely move a muscle, andHumperdinck bursts out in exasperation "I knew it, I knew you werebluffing!" The important thing is that Princess Bride never descendsinto the areas of parody or self-awareness for the sake of it, like somany modern comedies tend to feel the need to. It relies on its sharpscript and lively performances to generate humour rather than theaudience nodding in recognition. There are perhaps areas of weakness that may result in the audiencesecond guessing the narrative tone and wondering whether its camp forthe sake of it or simply bad. There's a well done scene where Buttercupflings herself into the waters and is faced with Shrieking Eels(although the darkness and obscurity certainly help mask ageingeffects), where the score turns ominous and we cut from a terrifyingJaws-esque display of teeth to a concerned young boy who hastilypretends to not care. There's the hilarious squabbles of heavilymade-up apothecary couple Billy Crsytal and Carol Kane. And of coursethere's the classic confrontation between Inigo and Westley, where theduel for several minutes with both hands, flipping and jumping anddodging all around the rocky set. These scenes are weakened somewhat byothers like the painfully clunky scene where Westley and Buttercup areattacked by a Rodent of Unusual Size (or just an actor in a very poorlymade costume). In fact the entirety of the Fire Swamp seems rathertrivial and undeveloped as a location/set (even its name screams lazy). It's of course fairly easy to push these scenes aside or convinceyourself that they fit within the context of a grandpa telling a youngboy a fairytale, and I suggest that you do so for maximum enjoyment. Toput yourself in the shoes of the genuine innocence of the grandson willproduce nothing but pure joy and magic.