This was one of the first fantasy films I ever saw growing up and ithad a lasting impression on me for many reasons, least of all thevisuals, which are (like all of Scott's films) well-crafted and almostillustrative in their design. What really stuck out was the mythicquality of it all, and even at a young age the undeniably sexualovertones in the exchanges between the Lord of Darkness and Lily. Ithink people don't give kids enough credit but they do pick up on thesethings. I remember being taken aback when Lily's character dons therather revealing dress late in the film and being shocked at hergeneral demeanor afterwards; how her personality seems to change. Allseemed right in the world when Jack and Lily return to their platonicrelationship at film's end! Having viewed the director's cut recently I've found my own perspectivehas changed dramatically with time but I still like this movie for muchthe same reasons. A lot of the intensity I felt seeing it back thenmust've been due to my age, and feeling one with the character of Jack-- something I can sadly no longer do. The fight scenes play out to merather comically now but back then they were frightening. Its atestament to Scott's direction that this film wasn't too violent forchildren, while really walking the line of what is acceptable.The Lord of Darkness make-up is simply outstanding and has onlyrecently been topped with the likes of Hellboy. Once I was old enoughto understand it was in fact an actor in a suit I was blown away tolearn its actually Tim Curry underneath all that. There's no shortageof wonder on display here, but I think his was just the perfectidealization of evil, or Satan, EVER put to film.Overall the director's cut leans a little towards the over-long side,and while I haven't heard the tangerine dream score in years I'm sureit suits this '80s fantasy better than a stuffy orchestral score. Butas Scott says in the commentary, it is an operatic film and that is howI see it now; almost more like a ballet or a play than a historicalfiction like Lord of the Rings. Thank god I was in good hands, or I mayhave been turned off of fantasy forever! This is one to be passed down,and I look forward to seeing it light up the eyes of my futurechildren.