From 1942, comes a romantic historic drama directed by Michael Curtizmovie based on the stage play Everybody Comes to Rick's by MurrayBurnett and Joan Alison. It's early Dec. 1941, American expatriate RickBlaine (Humphrey Bogart) is the owner of an upscale nightclub inCasablanca, Morocco that attracts everybody from Vichy French, Italian,and German officials; to refugees desperate to reach the still neutralUnited States; and those who prey on them. Rick stands as an allegoryto U.S polities at the time trying to stay neutral and not involveshimself into the war affairs. I also think it's cool to point out thatHumphrey Bogart himself was a decorated war veteran, and this isreflected in his performance. It wasn't until a former lover NorwegianIlsa Lund (Ingrid Bergman) and her Czech Resistance leader husbandVictor Laszlo (Paul Henreid) came into the bar looking for a way toescape Europe, where he states to question his beliefs. While mostpeople know Casablanca as the exploration of the universal themes oflove and sacrifice, people that look more into it viewed it as apolitical allegory about World War II. Ilsa can be seen as thewealthier of Europe who were able to escape due to their wealth, butwhose warnings and pleas were dismissed in the late '30s and early'40s. Victor represents the poorer people of Europe who weren't able toescape and whose discovery prompted the change in attitude. When heappears, Rick finally grasps the true nature of what Ilsa is askinghim. The film is set in Dec. 1941, the month in which the Japaneseattacked Pearl Harbor. That attack changed the course of Americanhistory, awakening the nation from political neutrality and thrustingit into the midst of World War II. By Illsa showing up, Rick become asymbol for America to take a stronger stand against the Axis Powers.The film also tells the story of another transformation, that of thelocal French commander of Casablanca, Captain Louis Renault (ClaudeRains). Claude Rains is the second best actor in the film besidesBogart. He plays the role so well. Louis begins the film as a pro-VichyNazi-appeaser but winds up a committed partisan of free France. Scenessuch as Captain Renault throwing away the Vichy bottle it was meant toshown a rejection of Petain's puppet government. Even the great linenear the end, 'I think this is a start of a beautiful friendship'stands for United States becoming allies with the French into stoppingthe Nazis. There is a great scene in the middle worth checking out,where the Germans start singing and, to combat it, the other patronsstart singing the French national anthem was a truly moving part. Theuse of shadows and lighting makes this movie into one of the greatestfilm noirs. The use of the spotlight that shines from a tall tower andlights up the city of Casablanca reminds people that they are alwaysbeing watched. It was a great use of light to represent fear and athreat. The music by Max Steiner was just amazing. The song "As TimeGoes By" by Herman Hupfeld had been part of the story from the originalplay; Steiner wanted to replace it, but Bergman had already cut herhair short for her next role and could not re-shoot the scenes whichincorporated the song, so Steiner based the entire score on it. So,without Bergman cutting her hair. We wouldn't have that theme. Thetheme of Sam's piano is the symbolic heart and soul of Rick's Café. Allthe guests want to sit beside it, because they want to forget theirworries by listening. The piano suggests purity, which may be why Louisdoesn't even think to look there for the letters of transit. I love thesmart dialogue. The exchange between Rick and Louis were funny andbrilliant. There is a few criticizes that need to be address. The usualconspiracy-theory gang likes to say that this movie was justpropaganda. I didn't care if it's pro-Allied propaganda, it was a goodmovie. Some people think its basically a rip-off of a previous 1938movie called Algiers. The writers took the character of Rick from theunproduced play, the theme "As Time Goes By" from a failed early 1930smusical and even parts of the dialogue were cannibalized from otherunproduced scripts. It's doesn't bug me because it was mixed so well. Ihonestly don't see how the line 'Round up the usual suspect' is famous.It seems very not important from the rest of the best one liners. Ibelieve Ingrid Berman delivering lines acting was mediocre at best. Hereyes did most of the work. Paul Henreid was indeed a stiff. Henreid didnot get on well with his fellow actors and it shows. His character seemplain compare to the others. I didn't like how the movie treat theGerman actors in the film. The German actors had to keep curfew, asthey were classified by the US as enemy aliens and under restrictions.They were frequently cast as Nazis in war films even with the fact thatthere weren't any uniformed German troops in Casablanca during WWII.Then there is the colorization controversy. Don't see it in color, itswork best in Black and White. Trust me. Overall: The story itself isstraightforward a realistic romantic movie with political allegory. Thefilm's lasting enchantment is due to its dramatic conclusion and thetheme of the inescapable past. The plane theme works because it was theescape of such memories. If you don't get onboard and see Casablanca.You might regard it. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon andfor the rest of your life.