When two teenagers by the name of Danny (John Travolta) and Sandy(Olivia Netwon-John) fall in love. When they meet each other on theBeach in the Summertime in the late 1950's. Since Sandy is from adifferent country. Danny thinks that his girlfriend would return toAustralia. But when School starts... Danny is a gang member of the"T-Birds". Which is run by his best friend (Jeff Conaway). When thegang of the opposite sex called "The Pink Ladies", which is run byRizzo (Stockard Channing). "The Pink Ladies" meet Sandy and they bringher to meet Danny. Since Sandy doesn't seems cool enough to be a memberof "The Pink Ladies". Sandy wants to be with Danny or that Danny seemsthat he couldn't date Sandy. Since Danny is committed to his gang anddoesn't seems cool, if he decides to date her.Directed by Randal Kleiser (The Blue Lagoon, Flight of the Navigator,It's My Party) made an entertaining Comedy/Musical set in theHigh-School teenager life of the late 1950's. This film is based on apopular Broadway show, which is created by Jim Jacobs & Warren Casey.This film has fun performances, it has memorable songs, it has an funnyvisual style, excellent choreography by Patricia Birch (Who directedthe campy "Grease 2" and imaginative filming by Bill Bulter (Anaconda,Frality, Jaws). This was one of the biggest hits of 1978, this was evengot re-release in 1998 to respectable box office run.The previous DVD edition has an sharp anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1)transfer and an digitally remastered-Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound.DVD features are:Grease Songbook, Restrospective Interviews with theCast & Crew and the original theatrical trailer.The latest DVD edition has the same picture and sound quality from theprevious DVD transfer. The new features are an running commentary trackby director:Kleiser and Choreographer:Birch, deleted scenes, an newfeaturette and more. This film seems that it will never aged, becauseof an ingraining cast and Kleiser's sure-hand direction. Which isextremely well done, which is best seen in Widescreen. Watch for ayoung Michael Biehn in a couple of scenes, which he's uncredited.Panavision. (****/*****).