The Princess Bride I can honestly say that I've never met anyone whowatched The Princess Bride who hasn't loved it. It is by the mostquotable non Python, non Bogart film of all time. There are so manyquotable moments, so many moments that make you smile even on yourworst day, that can still make you laugh out loud after the fiftiethviewing. (Yes, I have easily seen it at least that many times.). I lovethis movie. I am madly in love with this movie. If you haven't seen ityet, stop reading this and go on Netflix or wherever, and watch it! Ifyou haven't read William Goldman's book yet, read that too! It is sodifferent than the movie and yet equally wonderful that you need toexperience both. If you haven't read his script collection, where hetells stories about the making of the book and the film, or Cary Elwesbook about the making of the film "As You Wish", read that too! Itstill amazes me that I meet people who weren't even alive when thismovie was made, who love this film. Okay, I'm sure that there arepeople who don't love this movie. There may even be people who hatethis movie. They're called sociopaths. Not loving The Princess Bride islike not loving a new born Puppy or a Charlie Chaplin silent film.There is something wrong with you if you don't. (Okay, that's probablynot true, but I would suggest you see a professional if this moviedoesn't make you laugh and tingle all over...). Today is the 30thanniversary of this classic masterpiece and it deserves to be watchedat least one more time. Surprisingly, The Princess Bride did not dowell when it was released, largely because the studios had no idea howto label it. It is a Fairy Tale Comedy Romcom Action Kids and yet Adultfilm that took close to 20 years to make precisely because no one couldfigure out how to make it or what the hell this script was supposed tobe. Before it was made it was already a Hollywood legend for that veryreason. Goldman, who was known for very serious films like All thePresident's Men, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and Marathon Man,did know how to label his novel either. The story goes that he startedmaking up a Fairy Tale for his grandchildren, which is precisely howthe film leads us into the story. It begins with a young Fred Savage,in bed with a minor illness, who is forced to endure a visit from hisabsent minded grandfather, played by the wonderful Peter Falk. In thebeginning the boy doesn't want to hear the story, especially not ifthere's going to kissing, and the movie uses this wonderful device ofthe story being read, and occasionally interrupted, by a grandfather tohis grandson. Even fans of this film may not realize just how perfectthe casting was until they hear who was originally considered for someof the roles: Arnold Schwarzenegger instead of Andre the Giant forFezzik, Danny DeVito instead of Wallace Shawn for Vizzini, ChristopherReeve instead of Cary Elwes for Wesley, or Uma Thurman instead of RobinWright as Buttercup. And that's just mention a few. The dialoguesparkles with sweetness and laugh out loud wit. The casting is dead onperfect, including Billy Crystal as Miracle Max, Mandy Patinkin asInigo Montoya and Christopher Guest as the Six Fingered Count Rugen.And when you consider that Francois Truffault and John Boorman ofDeliverance fame wanted to make the film, you realize how perfect RobReiner is as the director, and how underestimated he is as a filmdirector, how superb his instinct for casting for chemistry is,particularly in this film. One of the stories that I love to tell overand over again is that Buttercup is described in her first scene byGoldman(Where most screenwriters insert age and basic description, suchas mid 20s, Blonde etc.) as "Not as pretty as she might be, but stillthe most beautiful girl in the world.". And when you see Robin Wrightin this film, even when you look at her today in House of Cards, yousee how perfectly she fits that description. This is one of those rarefilms where no superlative can do it justice. It is one of those rarefilms where people can quote each scene almost line for line. It is acommunal experience and you either get it, or you just don't. And, asone of those people who hate to join anything, as someone who isaddicted to his own scepticism, as someone who detests Romcoms, I canadmit that I've bought whole heartedly and unashamedly into ThePrincess Bride. I fall in love with this film every single time that Iwatch it. And, on this 30th Anniversary of the film's release I plan onfalling in love with it all over again tonight. And as I hit play Iwill whisper under my breath, perhaps even out loud, and I will gettears in my eyes as Peter Falk turns and says it that final time, "Asyou wish.".