There's nothing much one can add to the plaudits already reaped by thehighest grossing musical in cinematic history because "Grease" truly isa remarkable movie. The way it encapsulates a "feel good" aura toenthral the audience isn't something that happens very often,especially when the movie offers only a very simplistic script actedout by (back then) relatively unknown performers. In spite of the factthe movie version is much tamer than the original stage adaptation(something that was slightly more violent and superfluous with it'ssexual innuendos - both of which have been lost in future stageproductions since the release of the movie), "Grease" has all the rightingredients to justify the phenomenal success it's achieved over theyears.The movie's main plot is the basic "boy meets girl/boy loses girl/boytries to change to win girl back" tale - a storyline that's not exactlyanomalous to Hollywood - nonetheless, it's the kind of plot that mostcan relate to because we've all been in Danny or Sandy's situation onetime or another during our lives. And it's ingredients such as thatwhich make this movie 'believable'. Moreover, "Grease" epitomises theteenage angst experienced by the characters so well (the sub-plots ofexpressing teenage lust, being socially accepted and fears of makingthe transition into adulthood are prime examples of why the story of"Grease" is as relevant today as it was in the 50s when it was set, andin the 70s when it was written.)Be that as it may, "Grease" wasn't meant to be a thought-provokingmovie, and the emphasis is most definitely the on fun factor offered.It is comedic more than anything else, but there are several tendermoments portrayed mainly through the songs, "Hopelessly Devoted ToYou", "Sandy" and "There Are Worse Things I Can Do" which are aswell-remembered as any of the goofiness displayed by the movie'smisfits.In the face of the fact a very simple script doesn't necessarily make agreat movie, I'm sure there would be no legacy attached to "Grease" ifit wasn't for the songs included on the soundtrack. Those were thecatalyst to combine all the essential ingredients in the script toreally make "Grease" shine. Upon reflection, it's quite bemusing that amovie (or story) set in the 50s didn't have more quintessential rock n'roll songs featured (sans the contributions from the 50s revivalists,'Sha-Na-Na", of course). But the ones used have quite rightly become'sing-a-long' classics nevertheless. From the disco-influenced titletrack, the feel-good "Summer Nights" and "You're The One That I Want",and the high-energy "Greased Lightning" (not to mention the balladsthat reflected the movie's more tender moments), what you have is asoundtrack that enraptures feelings that not even the best script everwritten could garner. So praise for the success of this movie shouldsurely also be credited to Jim Jacobs, Warren Casey, John Farrar, LouisSt. Louis and Barry Gibb for their brilliant musical offerings.The on-screen chemistry between John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John iscomplimented perfectly by the strong supporting actors, Jeff Conaway(Kenickie) and Stockard Channing (Rizzo) - two characters who, in myopinion, could've easily made this a great movie without the insertionof the Danny & Sandy characters. However, I'm not so sure that, inreality, the "T Birds" who were supposed to epitomise all things "cool"would've allowed Doody, Sonny & Putzie to join their gang, but it didexplain the unwritten "T-Bird" code that their members had to date the"Pink Ladies" (which, in turn, explained the inclusion of the lessermembers of the girl gang). However, that's one flaw to be easilyoverlooked in a movie that's not supposed to be taken seriously, Iguess. Saying that, what can't be overlooked is the fact some of theactors playing 'teenagers' looked too old to be doing so. Michael Tucci(Sonny) and Annette Charles (Cha-Cha) appeared to look way beyond theirteenage years.The rest of the supporting cast played their roles ever so well; fromthe comedic performances of screen veterans like Eve Arden (PrincipalMcGee), Sid Caesar (Couch Calhoun), Dody Goodman (Blanche), AliceGhostley (Mrs Murdock) and Edd Byrnes (Vince Fontaine); the menacingleader of the rival Scorpions gang, Leo (the late Dennis C Stewart);the obnoxious and not-so-innocent Patty Simcox (Susan Buckner); theultimate 'high school jock' - and for a while, Sandy's love interest,Tom Chishum (Lorenzo Lamas); the one guy that epitomised the term'geek', Eugene (Eddie Deezen); and Barry Pearl, Michael Tucci, KellyWard (the "T-Birds") and Didi Conn, Jamie Donelly and Dinah Manoff (The"Pink Ladies")."Grease" isn't above criticism though, and there were several thingsthat could've either been elaborated on more or removed to make thestory better. I'd have liked to have seen how Danny & Sandy met (I felthis was too rushed at the beginning of the movie); the "Chitty ChittyBang Bang"-inspired ending removed the movie's credibility; the "dreamsequence" with Frenchy and the Teen Angel was just too boring; and the'Thunder Road' scene would've been more plausible if the directorhadn't tried to copy a scene from "Rebel Without A Cause". Still, thoseare all minor gripes in an otherwise brilliant movie.All in all, if you haven't seen the movie - and despite my spoilers,the outcome of "Grease" is as predictable as night following day - allI can say is I recommend you to do so. Watch it, and understand whythis movie has achieved so much success and positive reviews over theyears. There's also "Grease 2", but please, watch the sequel withcaution as it's nothing??.let me say that again?..it's nothing like theoriginal.