Once upon a time there was a director by the name of James. He broughtus wonderfully, thrilling science-fiction such as Terminator andAliens. These movies were the stuff blockbusters were made of and helooked to have a fantastic future ahead of him as the dawn of computergenerated special effects landed upon the film industry. Terminator 2showed gave us glimpses of what was possible in this new era........and then it happened...................1997........countlessawards..........obscene amounts of money............outlandish barrageof advertising............maximum profit margin........Titanic washere!I have never (ever) been one to jump on the bandwagon and be overlycritical for the sake of it, in fact I have often taken the oppositestance from the majority just to get an argument going. Titanic howeverwas a film I only took one single positive out of - that of KateWinslett being absolutely gorgeous throughout!Quickly - the dialogue was like something out of Beverly Hills 90210,the acting was more wooden than my nephew's tree house, images meant toterrify were actually comical (man falling from ship and hittingpropeller), historically false (don't even get me started becausethere's too much), it had dire theme music (up there with the bodyguardfor cheese) and the pointless love story was so tedious, self absorbingand pathetic that it disrespected the plight of everyone else involved(I was glad when he died and disappointed when she did not).It was plainly obvious from the word go that this picture was designedto appeal to MTV watching, bubblegum chewing, boy-with-car chasing,teenage girls (DeCaprio himself resembled something less heroic thanthe weedy member of a boy band) who would drag their sex-starvedboyfriends out for a three and a half hour chick-flick hoping to getlucky later! The worst aspect was that it did not stop at that point.Millions of dumbed down, culture vultures went to see this expensivewaste of celluloid because "it cost so much to produce it must begreat" and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they know theirmovies". The crowning glory arrived when Titanic swept the boards at the AcademyAwards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for thevictims of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour farcewas based. It looked to me as if he was praying for forgiveness aftermaking a fortune off inaccurately portraying the circumstances thatlead to the death of a lot of people. However, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy into thiskind of rubbish they deserve to get ripped off. Good luck to Hollywoodif that is how they want to make money, I'd do it if I had those kindof chances in life!It is right up there on my all time worst movies list with other silly,historically false/human interest tripe like "The Patriot" and "PearlHarbor".