"I've made about 20 films and 5 of them are pretty good"-Tom Hanks."Forrest Gump" is one of the best movies of all time, guaranteed. Ireally just love this movie and it has such a special place in myheart. The performances are just so unforgettable and never get out ofyour head. The characters, I mean the actors turned into them andthat's what got to me. The lines are so memorable, touching, andsometimes hilarious.We have Forrest Gump(Tom Hanks), not the sharpest tool in the box, hisI.Q. is right below the average scores. But his mama(Sally Field)believes that her boy has the same opportunities as anyone else andlets Forrest know that there's nothing that could hold him back. As aboy he is put into braces for his legs since he has a crooked back andreally doesn't have too many friends. When he gets on a school bus forhis first day of school, NO ONE will let him sit next to them. Thisscene is so heart breaking until you hear a little angel's voice "Youcan sit here if you want". Jenny, Forrest's best friend and crush, shelooks so incredibly innocent and you love her because her and Forrestare like pea's and carrots. But we find out that there is an extremelyunfortunate side to her life, she has a father that's "always kissingand touching her and her sisters". Forrest just assumes that it's afather's love since he doesn't have a dad that could show him that it'swrong.Forrest and Jenny together walk every day from school and when thesekids start throwing rocks at Forrest calling him stupid, Jenny justtells Forrest "Run, Forrest! Run!". He miraculously breaks the bracesoff his legs and run like the wind blows. Forrest meets manycelebrities from his life that just happened to be there: Elvis Presleyvisited his house before hitting it big, President Kennedy honored himwith a all American football award, President Johnson who honored himwith a medal of honor for his actions in Vietnam, President Nixon(inwhich Forrest happens to discover a problem in the Water Gate Hotelbecause some people seem to be flashing lights around), and John Lennonthrough a talk show to talk about his medal of honor.Forrest meets some interesting people along the way too that are evenbetter than these celebrities combined; Bubba his Vietnam war friendwho dreams of owning a shrimp boat one day and was born with big gums.He is just so wonderful and charming and won't stop talking aboutshrimp. Luteniet Dan, a leader of Forrest's army in Vietnam who getssaved by Forrest during a huge attack and looses his legs as a result.Luteniet Dan was by far my favorite character, he has so much pride andwants to die in Vietnam due to his family history tradition of dying inevery single American war. He and Forrest make quite a pair. And ofcourse there's Jenny, a very tragic figure, she gets more mean as shegrows up because she knows that Forrest loves her, in some ways youcan't blame her really. She was obviously abused and I think she feltthat Forrest was too good for her or that he couldn't really give herthe love she wanted. Robin Wright, what a beautiful and wonderfulactress.This movie is incredible and should be seen by everyone. I am notkidding, "Forrest Gump" is a remarkable movie and inspires everyone.It's not just about someone stupid who happens to be in great placesand historic events just because of being in the right place at theright time. This story is beautiful and will inspire everyone to go thedistance and see the world like Forrest did and will never give up ontheir dreams.10/10