As I've mentioned in previous reviews, I am not a fan of the teen genre.Many of the films contain a stereotypical premise: "The jock/hunk, thebig-breasted blonde everyone wants, the token ethic kid, the nerdyboy/girl,etc."  Many of the teen flicks produced in recent years have capitalizedonthis formula.  for some reason though, "She's All That," whilecontainingsome of these elements, works.Zach Siler (Freddie Prinze Jr., in his breakthrough role) is a guy thathasguys wanting to be him, and girls wanting to nail him:  He's rich, smart,athletic, has a popular girlfriend, and is student body president.Everything is going great for Zach, although he hasn't chosen a collegeyet.The film begins when Harrison High School is gearing back up again afterspring break.  Zach is looking for girlfriend Taylor Vaughn (Jodi LynnO'Keefe), who is no where to be found.  All of a sudden, she breezes intohis prescence--with a tatoo, no less--and dumps Zach.  It so happens thatshe has fallen for Brock Hudson, the "dyslexic volleyball player" (who isalso fictional) from "The Real World" (played brilliantly by MatthewLillard) that was ultimately kicked out of the house.  Zach makes a betwithfriends Dean (Paul Walker) and Preston (Dule Hill) that he can make overanygirl and make her the Prom Queen in six weeks.  The "lucky" girl is noneother than Laney Boggs (Rachel Leigh Cook), a misfit art student.  Zachslowly wins over her trust, and begins to show her a good time.  Laney,whoput up a wall to avoid all of the popular kids, begins to trust Zach.WhenZach begins to fall for Laney, he has to remember that this was all a bet.What will he do?I wasn't all for seeing "She's All That" originally.  I saw this film inJanuary 1999 after a grueling week of high school midterms (I was asophomore) as a means to hang out with my friends.  I didn't know whoFreddie Prinze Jr. was, and had unknowlingly seen him in "I Know What YouDid Last Summer" the year before.  After seeing this film,  I fell in lovewith the lanky dark-haired teen heartthrob that girls have lusted over forseveral years now right then and there, and have liked him ever since.Since I am not a teen movie fan (with minor exceptions--I like "BreakfastClub," "Fast times @ Ridgemont High"--my all-time favorite, and "Down toYou"), I wasn't drawn to this film. After seeing it though, I pushed pastthat conception to allow this to be a treasured film.  The acting in it isdecent, and each character pulls his or her weight.  I have to admit thatwhile Zach is my favorite character in this movie, the scenes that MatthewLillard did truly stole the show!  Lillard is so funny, and he really actslike a doofus, obviously something he's good at.  I remember Jodi LynnO'Keefe from "Step By Step," but I had never heard of Rachel Leigh Cook (Iheard she was in "Carpool").My favorite scenes are the opening scene with Taylor dumping Zach and herexplanation, which goes into a flashback scene at MTV's spring breakcelebration, where she meets Brock Hudson (Zach: Brock Hudson?!  What kindof a name is "Brock Hudson"?  Taylor: And what kind of a name is "Zach?"Besides, Brock is from "The Real World."  Zach: What, like Resceda?Taylor:No, "The Real World," second season), the "Real World" nightmare scene,Brock Hudson's crazy dance to Rick James' "Give it to Me Baby," the promwith the cool "Rockefeller Skank" dance, the scene where Laney comes downthe stairs before going to the party, the beach scene, and the end (Iwon'tgive this away, but its a treat for the ladies!)  My favorite line has tobethe one that Taylor says to Zach--"You didn't really think I was going offto college and still be dating you, did you?  Oh, you did?. How sweet!"andthe reversal of this line when Brock was breaking up with Taylor--"Youdidn't think I was going to leave for All Star Road Rules and still bedating you, did you?  Oh, you did.  How sweet!"I own the DVD of this movie, and quite frankly, it was worth the $19.99 Ipaid for it.  This was a great film, and I am disappointed that morepeopledidn't give it a chance. Kudos to those who did, this film was worthwatching.  This is a great "chick flick" or date film that's sure toappealto both guys and girls.  With a great cast of young talent and a storythatsure to invoke plenty of "Ohhh, how cute!" moments from gushing teenagegirls, this is a teen film that is sure to be a favorite for years tocome.See this film and find out why it's "all that!"