Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story on thehistorical setting of the Titanic.  The plot is simple, noncomplicated, ornot for those who love plots that twist and turn and keep you in suspense.The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of thefilm, but the love story is an interesting one, however.  Kate Winslett iswonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady betrothed by Cal (BillyZane).Early on the voyage Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower classartist on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard Titanic in apoker game.  If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upperclass who are so concerned with their social worries.  The two fall inloveand the audience sees the sinking of the Titanic primarily through theireyes.The movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by agroup searching for treasures, that sunk with the Titanic, which hasrecently occurred.  One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWittBukater, who had heard of the exploration of the wreck on television andisflown to the boat where the search is being led from to tell of what sheremembers to help the search.  She gets to telling her memory of the oneandonly voyage of the Titanic.  With this, the scene shifts to Southhampton,Ireland where the Titanic set sail from on April 10, 1912 as all thepassengers are boarding.  After another stop on the Irish coast Titanicwentout to see on its maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York.Historically the first few days of the voyage went by uneventful, but thefictional plot of the story is developed during this time as Rose sees thehopeless entrapement of an engagement that she is in to the wealthy CalHockley and falls in love with third class passenger, Jack Dawson.CaptainSmith alledgedly as shown in the movie was urged by the White Star LineDirector to increase the speed of the ship so they would make thenewspaperheadlines and receive extra publicity by arriving in New York on Thursdaynight and not on Friday morning as planned.  Smith then ordered thefatefuldecision going against his thirty-two years of experience to stretch theTitanic's legs out to full speed.  The Titanic had reports that the watersin the Atlantic they were sailing in were full of icebergs, but theyignoredthese warnings and proceeded at full speed as shown in the movie.  OnApril15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was sighted.  They attempted to shut off theengines and turn the ship out of the path of the iceberg but there was notenough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depictedin the film.  The portrayal of the many small holes in the side of theshipand not one large gash along the side is accurate.  The crew of Titanicsentout distress calls and set off distress rockets as shown until 2:18 whenthelights finally failed.  The lights of the California were spotted sixmilesaway but they failed to realize what was going on and did not respond toTitanic's many pleas for help.  The California had tried earlier in thedayto warn Titanic of the severe ice that had caused them to stop their tripbut Titanic had brushed them off causing the California to turn off itsradio and leave the Titanic on its own.  The first class women andchildrenwere the first as depicted to be put into the twenty lifeboats that wereonthe ship.  Overwhelmingly the third class passengers suffered the mostamount of deaths of any class and the crew was hit hard in this tragedytoo.The word of White Star Line employees and first class passengers wasbelieved over that of second and third class passengers when authoritieswere trying to gain information of the sinking.  Also, the metal that wasused to build the Titanic has been found in recent years under conditionsofsevere cold, which were experienced the night Titanic sank to be extremelybrittle.  Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of theevents and the times at which these events took place on theTitanic.Many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply forthepurpose of the movie or as composite characters to represent possiblecharacteristics and ideas of people on the ship.  The core group of Rose,Jack, Cal, and Rose's mother all were fictional characters added into thestory as they represent different groups of people from the time.  Yetmanycharacters such as the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; theship designer, Thomas Andrew; the White Star Line Representative, BruceIsmay; and all of the Titanic's officers were real.  The maiden voyage wasgoing to be Captain Edward Smith's last voyage anyway as he planned toretire afterwards.  He had been a part of the White Star Line since 1880where he worked his way up to his status as the Millionaire's Captain whenthe Titanic sunk.  The portrayals of the officers is accurate as only foursurvived the tragedy except for the officer who threatened to kill all ofthe passengers of the ship with his pistol.  He is on record as actingheroicly and was misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologizedandevoked a monument in his honor in the officer's former Canadian hometown.As shown in the movie there was a language problem between the crew andmanyof the lower-class passengers from non-English speaking nations.  Inaddition, Officer Lowe was the only officer who came back in the lifeboatasdepicted.  The old people shown in their bed as the water came in theirroomwere based on the Strauss'.  Not wanting to leave her husband's side Mrs.Strauss refused to get in her lifeboat and died with her husband on theTitanic.  Furthermore, Mr. Goggenheim who was shown sipping his brandy andsmoking a cigar reportedly did go out like this dressed in his best.  Therichest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattandiednonetheless as well, but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat.Inaddition, Molly Brown was saved and later had medals made up for the crewofthe Carpethia that picked the survivors of Titanic up from the water.  Herticket on the Titanic had cost over four-thousand dollars and by the endofher life she ended up broke.  All of the interiors of the ship weremasterfully replacated down to the last pieces of china and silverware.Thegymnasium, which is hardly seen is recreated perfectly with all of themachines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs.  The wonderfuloutfits and costuming were an excellent re-creation of the Post-Victorianera of 1912.  The rich at this time practically ruled everything, as thewomen's suffrage movement had not quite gotten moving yet.  Women duringthis time often married for financial security as Rose was consideringdoingand normally took a back seast status to their husbands as Cal wished forRose to do.  The rich did not take well to `new money' such as Molly Brownas depicted.  Everything of the time was very formal.  Women had to beescorted to dinner by a male figure as seen with in the dining scenes.Smoking was not very common among women of the time but holders ofcigarettes, which were just coming in at the time were used as seen withRose in the movie.  Men of the time generally smoked cigars notcigarettes.Women were constained physically by their corsets and socially by society.Although James Cameron had no background in historical films he brought inexperts of Titanic coupled with two years spent cross-referencing thehistory of the Titanic and few liberties were taken.  The beautifulcinematography and special effects also helped to make the film even morebreathtaking.A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic as the people ontheship had about three hours to contemplate their demise.  The director,JamesCameron, shows the various reactions to this time of crisis in people'slives.  Everyone reacts differently and he gets you to think of how youmight have reacted had you been in that situation on the Titanic on thatfateful night.  In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990's whenitwas produced as it gives a look into the wreck of the Titanic.  Only inthepast fifteen years has the site of the actual Titanic been found andexplored.  This movie was able to give us a deeper look into a disasterthatmany would not have viewed.  However, the moral question of whether peopletoday should be taking treasures from the wreck of an underwater graveyardis posed.  There have been attempts to stop treasure seeking missions suchas the one portrayed in Titanic but all have failed.  As it stands todayanyone can make a voyage to the Titanic and take whatever valuables theyasportrayed in the film showing the general values of our time on thismatter.Technically the film is very well done.  To get footage of the wreck atthebottom of the ocean it took twelve dives to get all of the footage neededfor the movie.  In addition, a special camera had to be created towithstandthe intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean.  Cameron did not plan onusing the probe to go as far inside Titanic as anyone has in the 88 yearssince the ship sunk but it worked out that this provided an uniqueperspective into the ship.  Furthermore, throughout the film fade ins andouts from the wreck of Titanic to the scene of Titanic during its actualvoyage.  This shift between the modern scene to the past scene during thevoyage works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy tofollowin aclear manner.  At the very beginning of the movie a septune recreationis used to recreate the scene when the actual people left the Europeancoaston Titanic giving it distinction from the rest of the events of thefilm.Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work ofart,a true epic.  Like most history novels, we know the ending, but it doesn'ttake away from the wonderful treats that can be found in this picture.Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award material includingcostuming,sound, cintematography, and editing.  If you like interesting charactersthat will give you an insight into the life of characters in the early1900's and how they face disaster, then this movie definitely is for you.