Hollywood used to give Oscars to films of consequence, to films whichambitiously told stories of real people rising above strife and issueswhich touched the core of the world. But that was during the golden ageof movie making when Andy Hardy's mother would smile simply because heasked for another piece of pie and Fred Astaire would gallantly guideGinger Rogers around the dance floor. When movies about serious issuessuch as alcoholism, mental illness and anti-Semitism came in, one moviemogul apparently described it with the statement about realism, "So isdiarrhea, but I don't want to see it on screen." Yes, we can see through our daily lives that "focus on the family" isan overstated attempt by certain groups to diminish the realism thatfamilies do fail, and not with the help of the groups they don't seeeye to eye with. In theatrical drama, this evidence goes back to someof the classics of the American theater, particularly plays byTennessee Williams and Edward Albee, and those plays hold up stronglytoday because the elements of why those families were failing werebetter detailed. Even the black comedy "The War of the Roses" showed usthe motivations behind the hatred, but all "American Beauty" does isshow us that men are sex starved pigs, that women are bitches, thatteenagers are messed up because of their sex starved fathers and bitchymothers and that there's no hope for the future generation.Certainly, this film is excellent as far as the acting is concerned,yet the characters are all extremely creepy and unlikable. Nobody playscreepy weirdos better than Kevin Spacey, and in spite of being thatcreepy weirdo, his character is actually somewhat understandable,albeit in a pathetic, you can't help but feel sorry for him sort ofway. His lust for his nasty daughter's best friend is at first "ikky"to watch as is his obsession with getting out of the job that he hateswith a high paid exit benefit package. Annette Bening is certainlygreat at playing neurotic bitches, and here she does so quitebrilliantly with passive/aggressive gusto. She's quite sweet andsomewhat phony with the gay couple next door, yet she turns on herhusband with the venom of a cobra towards a mongoose. The sex scene shehas with rival real estate agent Peter Gallagher is filmed with alustful anger, as if what Gallagher is doing to her she ispsychologically doing to her husband.Thora Birch expresses typical teenaged bitterness and insecurities withthe violent thud of an anvil being dropped from a skyscraper. She notonly hates her parents, but is totally embarrassed by having themaround, especially after a basketball game for which she is acheerleader. Birch's character certainly doesn't have the personalityof a cheerleader; In fact, on the court, she can't even force herselfto crack a smile and just goes through the routine as if she was beingforced at gunpoint to do what most teenaged girls would give theirI-Phone (well, maybe not...) to do.Mena Suvari, as her cheerleader pal, is probably the most complexcharacter here, the typically self-centered supposedly perfect girl whoactually is more insecure than she lets on. In one disturbing fightscene between Birch and Suvari, her vulnerability really explodes whenBirch refers to her as ordinary. How many times has somebody longed totell off the cheerleader type to try and break their spirit, and whenit happens here, it really turns out to be sad. Wes Bentley is the newkid next door, the son of an ex-Marine (a truly scary Chris Cooper),forced by his dad to take a drug test every six months. But unbeknownstto the homophobic Cooper, Bentley has a secret life of his own, ahidden supply of drugs and an obsession with filming everyone aroundhim without their knowledge.Cooper's angry Marine is instantly incensed to find out that theneighbors two doors down is a male gay couple, but this homophobiahides something truly disturbing. Not only is there his obsession withNazi memorabilia but his own underlying sexuality and abuse of hisfragile wife (played with quiet strength by the always excellentAllison Janney). The lives of these characters intertwine to the pointof an exploding volcano, a sinking ship without lifeboats, and really,the best escape from this mess turns out to be Spacey's fate. At twohours, this is a depressing and exhausting view of the messed up livesof humans too stupid to realize that they are responsible in most partfor their inner destruction. After this was over, I felt as if I hadbeen shot with a taser gun all over my body and needed extensivetherapy just to recover from watching these people whom I hope never toknow become more and more pathetic.