Merchant Ivory's 1992 masterpiece "Howards End" is based on E.MForrester's novel about snobbery and friction between the Englishclasses. The story concerns itself with the middle-class Schlegalsisters, Margaret (Emma Thompson) and Helen (Helena Bonham Carter).Seems Helen had once put it into her head to fall in love with PaulWilcox (Joseph Bennett), the son of an affluent family presided over bystalwart patriarch, Henry (Anthony Hopkins) and the fragile andwhimsical, Ruth (Vanessa Redgrave). The romance is short lived andconsidered an embarrassment amongst the Wilcoxes, who marry off Paul toa woman of his own social standing. However, upon Ruth's death, Henrypursues a romantic relationship with Margaret that eventually blossomsinto marriage. Prior to her death, Ruth had left the family's countryestate ? Howards End ? to Margaret in her will.But Henry and the family have decided that this will never do and donot tell Margaret about her inheritance. Henry's family, includingPaul, his other son, Charles (James Wilby), daughter Evie (JemmaRedgrave) and daughter-in-law Dolly (Susie Lindeman) do not approve oftheir father's dalliances with Margaret, and even less of the resultingmarriage. Enter Leonard Bast (Samuel West) ? a poor cockney working ina bank. Through a series of misadventures he befriends Helen ? apairing that will eventually lead to his demise. Leonard is instructedby Margaret and Helen to decamp for another position at the insistenceof Henry ? who has ulterior motives that concern his own indiscretionswith Leonard's wife, Jackie (Nicola Duffett).Ruth Prawler Jhabvala's brilliant screenplay never allows the pace ofall these intrigues to lapse, interweaving lust, desire, contempt anddisaster into a seamless and exhilarating blend. James Ivory directswith panache for elegance and stylishly glamorous film making in thevein of the very best from Hollywood's golden age.Sony Classics originally made "Howards End" available in a bare bonesanamorphic transfer that was very nicely rendered. Now Criterion hasput out its own deluxe edition, at a more than deluxe price. Thetransfer ? while being advertised as newly remastered, is on par withthe previously issued disc ? showing only marginal improvements in filmgrain reduction and perhaps a tad more saturation in colors. Colors onboth editions are bold, vibrant and nicely contrasted. Blacks are deep,velvety an solid. Whites are, on the whole, clean. Minor dirt andscratches appear but do not distract. The audio is 5.1 Dolby andrepresents a very stirring palette of music and effects. But this isprimarily a dialogue driven film, so don't expect your speakers to geta work out. Where Criterion's edition excels is in its extra features;two comprehensive making of documentaries that tackle different aspectsof the production, deleted scenes, an audio commentary and theatricaltrailer. If that justifies the nearly triple price tag that Criterionis asking, then I suppose the new edition is worth every penny. Bothversions come highly recommended by this reviewer.