True Romance. Tarantino's first, and ironically enough most original,movie. Though directed by Tony Scott (Top Gun, Enemy of the State) thefilm remains very faithful to Tarantino's original conception. With theexception of the ending and the trademark Tarantino non-linearstorytelling being taken out. There are oh so many things in this moviethat Tarantino's later works reference to that it's like a Tarantinofan boy treat! Which I am not anymore. But during my one year time as afan boy I did read the script of this movie and this was before I evensaw the movie. So this being so very faithful to the script you canimagine how psyched i was seeing this movie. I was not disappointed.The movie starts off in not so sunny Detroit with our anti-heroClarence. Clarence lives a very lonely life with comic books, Kung Fumovies and Elvis as his greatest passions. But one day a woman namedAlabama comes into his life. They fall in love instantly and armed witha 38 caliber revolver, a suitcase full of cocaine and most of all love,they set off to sunny Hollywood to try to sell it off and live happilyever after.Many people brand this movie as a narcissistic teenage boy's wet dream.Well it's not. This is supposed to be a fairy tale and it so is. I meanhe's a film geek and she's a hot girl. Well it turns out this hot girllikes movies and comics to so they get married. That's every man'sdream. Tarantino didn't set out to make a fairy tale when he wrote itbut the changes that Tony Scott made (as small as they were) reallychanged the theme of the movie and made it lighter and more like afairy tale. Personally I would have really liked to see what the moviewould have been like if Tarantino had directed it.This is one of those movies which has a wonderful cast. First there'sChristian Slater (....well...True Romance) who plays the character ofClarence very good. Had this been directed by Tarantino in the earlynineties the part would have been played by Tarantino himself. Slaterplays it with a certain style and this really is his best film ever. Iwonder why he doesn't get better parts in movies. Then there's DennisHopper (Land of the Dead, Speed) who plays his father in a couple ofscenes. The whole movie is worth watching just for him. Gary Oldman(Léon, Lost in Space) plays a very cool role as Drexl the pimp. Goodold Gary. Christopher Walken has a small role and plays it very calmand cool. Michael Rapaport, (Friends) who we all know from Friends andDeep Blue Sea, Plays struggling actor Dick Richie and gives a solidperformance. And last but most certainly not least there's Chris Penn(rest in peace) as Detective Nicky Dimes. He plays the part with suchcoolness and style and the film would not be what it is if he weren'tin it."People have asked me: 'So would you ever do a romance movie?' likethat's not what I would do. 'Well, I did a romantic movie, TrueRomance.' 'No, no, I mean like a real romantic movie.' 'Well that is areal romantic movie.' 'No, like one without violence?' 'Well there'llbe a lot of things in any movie I do that will be contradictory, butanybody who's a fan of the movie can tell you, the title - True Romance- is not ironic...this is true romance.'" - Quentin Tarantino.