Titanic' was quite the phenomenon when it came out. There is no moviethat I can think of, at least in my lifetime, that became the culturalevent that it did. There were many concerns within the film communitythat the film was going to be a disaster. James Cameron had spent along time finishing the film and it was the most costly film ever made.Many people thought it was bring an end to his career. All theseconcerns and predictions were shattered when 'Titanic' came out; itbecame the highest grossing movie ever and it won more Academy awardsthan any other movie. It skyrocketed the careers of both Kate Winsletand Leo DiCaprio. I went to the theaters to see it with family andfriends. It was an incredible experience and several people around mewere crying. There were very few movies I had ever seen before that hadmesmerized me as much as this movie did.I watched this movie in its entirety for the first time in years. Thereaction is much different now and the film seems much less impressive.First of all, the graphics in 'Titanic' have not aged well. When theship is sinking, the CGIs look really fake and dated. Also, the modelship they used doesn't look very good either. It looks cheap and likeit was made out of plastic! This does not surprise me because mostfilms do not age well; a new generation of film lovers will not findcertain films as impressive as the last generation. Putting that aside,the story of 'Titanic' is not that bad. I think most people know whatthe story is about so I do not need to explain it. The acting isslightly above average, but the screenplay is so clichéd and corny, Ican understand the acting did not need to be that impressive. The lastforty minutes of the film consists of the two main characters shouting,"Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack! Rose, Rose, Rose, Rose!" They must love eachother so much that they can't think of anything else to say.I don't think 'Titanic' is destined to become a classic. Even though itmade so much money and won so many awards, I think most people now seethe movie as an embarrassment. Now that I am older and wiser, 'Titanic'just seems like a mediocre film. Pretty disappointing considering howmuch the movie was loved when it first came out.