To get a 10 from me, a movie needs to be practically perfect in allaspects that I consider of the utmost importance: screenplay, acting,characters, technical achievement and soundtrack. Forrest Gump achievesthat task. First of all, I think screenplay and characters ought to be analyzedtogether. The story of this movie is absolutely brilliant on itssurface. The idea of displaying a naive and low IQ man who witnessessome of the biggest events of the US history during the second half ofthe XX century was perfectly performed. It was undoubtedly one of themost amusing things that I've ever seen on the screen. However, the movie was for me something beyond that. Forrest Gump, asbeing the simplest man you could ever imagine, represents the humanbeing at its "purest condition". Gump does everything that we would doin the same situation if we weren't pressured by conventionsestablished by society. Most people start drinking beer, for instance,not because they like it, but because they need acceptance from others.Forrest's case is different: he drinks Coke because it tastes better.He decides to mow the lawn because he likes it, regardless of otherpeople's thoughts about that. He loves Jenny without any prejudice orshame, even though she only looks for him when she needs himdesperately, representing the rest of the corrupted human race. Summingup, he follows his primal instinct and he is unconsciously immune ofeverything else. This makes Forrest Gump one of the nicest and wellwritten characters of all time.Nothing would be the same, of course, if it wasn't Tom Hanks in theleading role. He is astonishing, vanishing completely inside thecharacter. Robin Wright is also perfect as Jenny, being able to performa large amount of feelings among almost two hours and a half. GarySinise and Sally Field are also great. Michael Conner Humphreys andHanna Hall, who performed young Gump and young Jenny, caught ourattention from the very beginning.Robert Zemeckis and his team made the movie of their carriers. Thevisual effects were revolutionary, placing Gump alongside John F.Kennedy and John Lennon and making the audience burst out laughing.Moreover, the rhythm and the editing were perfect and thecinematography was impressive. The soundtrack is also a differential, because it follows perfectly thepassage of time. Hence, we enjoy some of the best hits of the 60s, the70s and the 80s. The original score deserves a mention too. It'ssimple, beautiful and fits perfectly with the scenes where it appears. Forrest Gump is directed brilliantly, has memorable characters,astonishing and captivating performances, an original and magnificentplot and a marvelous soundtrack. Surely one of the best movies evermade.Vote: 10.