A brilliant film with deeply exploits the inner world of human,meanwhile, its as a satirical work referring to persuasive the notionof beauty and self-satisfaction of the middle class from anotherperspective -- what are attached to the analysis focuses on the aspectsof romance, beauty, materialism, self-liberation and atonement.More importantly, we can notice that the style of this movie is quiet,covering the slow motion with which it conjures up a sense of cringeand can make people feel-regret-for-something. (!)The proof is the climax of dramatic minutes built in a narrow contextin contrast to the noisy scenes in a wider one, provided that thegenius director made many creative changes aimed in simplied the styleat the same time emphasizing the transmission of the message of themovie to the viewer.Beyond that, the film set in around the life of Lester Burnham, amiddle-aged man as an staff in a magazine. If only looking at theoutside, he live in a dream life ? The Joyful Family with a good wife,beautiful child's live in the suburbs.Of singularly the reality of life always goes against the happiness ofdreams, Lester feels his life is like a prison, he is always stuck byeverything -- suffered much pressure from the boss who despised himcoupled with contempt of his wife and incorporate the main problem: hischild's give hate for him.Change to another angle, Lester's wife is Carolyn, a real estatebroker. She is like a victim of slogans and theoretical books thatteach people about success -- some vain things that keeps people thinkgetting rich is the most important thing in life. (!) The mother live in a fake and harsh life with husband and her children,synonymous with she always hurts herself. In parallel, her daughter(Jane) is a typical teenage girl - scowl, disorientation, faith in lifeand hate herself. She became embarrassed and humiliated about herparents.As usual, Burnham's family no one is cruel. They are just psychicallyafflicted to become selfish, and instead of finding each other toshare-and-heal-one-another; they blame and torment as a way to makethemselves feel-more-comfortable. We can be sure that: A tragedy in'American Beauty' is also something that-happens-every-day-in-everyday-life.It can't be a coincidence that many people describe it, quoted: A goodmovie about the "meaning of life, "gender identity" or "the hollowexistence of smaller society" is akin to a classification or challengefor film critics.Moreover, it's easy to summarize the film as 'a portrait of beautyhidden under the misery and mistakes of Americans in particular andhumanity in general'; but that does lose sight of cruelty and horror,and Ball's with his morals. It was also not finalized by any of Lesteror Ricky's philosophical assertions about the definition of life or howone should live."In fact, in this world no one is stupid or smart, but people arehonest or sly".In 'American Beauty' we can recognize: Each character has a problem, isunusual at one point or another, but their behavior is not the same. Some of those who deny their true nature and their lifelong life arejust play a role in the stage ? it's Frank Fits -- the new neighbormoved in; especially Leicester's 'Lolita' (Angela). And the rest, some others hated themselves, ashamed of the true nature.They are losers and losers-in- the-eyes-of-society. It's difficult toimagine only a few other characters live: true to themselves. In theeyes of others, they are eccentric but also the most sober and happybecause they know how to change their way or how they think to society.In essence, the film is a mirror reflecting imprisonment andliberation. The boredom of Lester's character manifests itself througha dreary and hard workplace with casual dress. In these scenes,characters who are repressed as if they are passive, helpless beforelife mean that their nature can not be changed. (!)In the long run, the movie conveyed the message that we must learn howto love ourselves, accept our own shortcomings and respect our ownselves, i.e. only when we "live" with ourselves, we can feel happy andquiet in our hearts.Notably, 'American Beauty' has two big symbols throughout the film:roses and plastic bags. At first, the roses appeared in the hands ofthe young ladies on the poster, the roses sprouting around the fence ofBurnham's house as well as the blooming incense in the scenes whenLester dreams of Angela.However, gardeners who know the truth about "the perfect" of roseflowers, it proving that just like Burnham's "exemplary family life" onthe outside. It's just a little weird inside, and like the beautifulbut empty Angela; just like how each character in the movie tries to"live differently" to overcome their fakeness and trying to deceiveone's true self.One of the biggest messages of 'American Beauty' is "...look closer".Just look closer, you will be surprised to realize that everything isnot like its appearance; Another key thing to remember: The idea of??good is not necessarily-good, the idea of ??bad is not necessarily-bad. Bad things often hide-behind-what-seems-perfect-and-beauty isusually found-in-the-least-suspicious-places.In conclusion, I have to say this is one of the most impressive filmsI've ever seen; an outstanding script directed by a genius. My opinion,this movie has such beautiful scenes that I almost hold my breath, itseems a strong breath is enough destroy "the perfect atmosphere" ofbeauty on the screen. For certain, the most beautiful scenes of thefilm are romantic imagery of Lester about Angela. The sound of thedeep, repetitive lyrics in many angles makes the scenes mesmerized, I'mtempted by abstraction and subtle emotion as if I touched the rosepetals...