True Romance is a celebration of film.  It wallows in every possibleseedy contrivance of American crime/action cinema.  It is absolutelyshameless in its exploitation of excessive violence, over-acting,melodrama, lurid sex, and rampant drug use...I love it.  QuentinTarantino, as I'm sure everyone knows, wrote the story, but it is the inexecution that this film pays off.The cast, oh the cast:  The lynchpins are Christian Slater and PatriciaArquette.  They both give solid performances, which prevents the filmfrom flying off the tracks; they serve as the pilot light.  Thesupporting roles are the gas.  The Walken/Hopper show down has been oftsighted as the film's best aspect, and this is, arguably, true.  Justwatch this scene and then watch it again.  Sparks actually shoot out ofthe screen and burn people about the head and shoulders.  OK, you've gotVal Kilmer as the ghost of Elvis, Brad Pitt as a disgruntled pot-smokingloser, Tom Sizemore & Chris Penn as cops, James Gandolfini(pre-Sopranos) as a reflective hitman, and you've even got BronsonPinchot (from TV's PERFECT STRANGERS) for God's sake.Did I forget Gary Oldman? Do yourself a favor and rent every single GaryOldman related project (they're not all good films, but...).  Why isGary Oldman not in every film ever made? Why? I ask you why?  He has gotto be the best actor working today, hands down.  As Drexel Spivey,Oldman chews the scenery, digests it, and then expels it from everyorifice.  Keep in mind that he is an English actor with a normalspeaking voice at home in the Royal Shakespeare Company.  Hisperformance here is second only to his turn in LEON in blatantover-the-top insanity.Tony Scott, who along with his brother Ridley, has been known toover-direct a film or two, here chooses wisely to basically set up thecamera and run.  The score by Hans Zimmer adds a bouncy xylophone driventheme to the film and finds the right balance.This a well made, balls-to-the-wall, popcorn throwing, cult classic.  Ina market dominated with stereotypical characters, this movie avoids thattrap by letting the stereotypes flourish with all the grotesqueabsurdity it can muster. 9/10                     