'True Romance' is a deliciously pulpy romp that saw director Tony Scottbring a burnished visual sheen to an early Quentin Tarantino script.While the title suggests images of hugs, kisses, holding hands, andheartfelt human emotion, the film instead bombards the audience withimages of blazing guns, brutal beatings, and lots of gushing bloodwhile telling a twisted and entertaining tale of outlaw lovers on therun.Clarence (Christain Slater in his best role ever) is a comic-book storeemployee, living a meager but not intolerable life in Detroit. On hisbirthday night, he meets a pretty blonde hooker named Alabama (PatriciaArquette, reliably efficient and displaying a great chemistry withSlater) and they are soon positively smitten, declaring their love foreach other, only to be married a few days later. Clarence goes to seeher pimp, Drexl (a truly whacked-out Gary Oldman who devours his tenminutes on screen), with the meeting ending with Clarence killing himand making off with a suitcase. The case, which Clarence thoughtcontained Alabama's clothes, actually contains two-million dollars'worth of cocaine, and this puts this newly-married duo find themselvesin quite the thorny predicament. Once the dust - and blood - clears,they decide to trek off to Hollywood to see Clarence's pal who mightknow some industry folks interested in high-quality coke. Little dothey know that Drexl's partners (led by Christopher Walken's quietlymalicious Vincenzo) are tracking them and intend to get theirmerchandise back, eliminating the couple for good measure.True Romance is a paper-thin but enjoyably quirky romance carried bygreat dialogue, an unpredictable plot, and a cast of wildly originalcharacters. The storyline is far from earth-shattering, but itguarantees some good escapist fun, especially since the script boasts afew scenes possessive of great wit and sparkle, along with ashow-stopping one chock-full of dynamic psychological tension ? betweenDennis Hopper (who brings a phenomenal degree of warmth as Clarence'sfather) and Christopher Walken, whose "vendetta kinda mood"head-to-head became one of the most memorable sparrings of cinema. Manypeople may be turned off by the graphic and sometimes savage violenceof True Romance. But that is only part of the dirty, funny andunpredictably violent genius of Mr. Tarantino. Tarantino and Tony Scottnever pretend that the film is more than what it is - slicklyentertaining trash.Eventually, it is Tarantino's gutter poetry that detonates TrueRomance. This movie is dynamite - a hip, clever and irreverenthigh-voltage thriller with nary a dull moment!