When I first saw this movie in theaters, I found it to be very funny. WhenIrented it at home, I found it to be very sad and complex. Looking at itnow,I realize that it is surely one of the most extraordinary films ever tocomeout of Hollywood. To some it may look trite or cliched, or maybe tooun-ordinary to be worthy of its praise, but the overall impact of this filmis extremely powerful. After you've seen it, you know you've seensomething.A few notable elements stand out. The direction is superb; this is visuallya superior film, for the director understands the subtle changes in tone.The writing is equally compelling; the story effortlessly interweavesmultiple stories to create one amazing movie. The haunting music is alsonotable. Lastly is the acting. Kevin Spacey has done excellent filmsbefore,and he can add this one to the list. He may be a little to witty to suggestthe overshadowed character he portrays, but he simply disappears into therole. Annette Bening is also fine; a less strong role, but she ismagnificent none the less. As the teenagers, Thora Birch is able tomesmerize us with one intense look; her "typical teenager" role is fleshedout completely. I enjoyed Mena Suvari's character equally. It seemed thatshe did not receive as much acclaim, but her performance evokes bothinnocence and experience, and her scenes toward the end give her a depthunlike any other character. And Wes Bentley, as the video-taping boy nextdoor, is easily the most original character. At first he seems a littletense, but, like Spacey, he sinks into the role. His "purpose" in the film,unlike anyone else's, is a mystery, thus making him the most enigmaticperson.Most films are able to make a lasting impression on its audience, but neverhas a movie been known to "move" its viewers as much as this movie. Ittrulysays something about life, no matter how predictable or tacky it appears,this film disturbingly shows us how to appreciate our individual lives, sotherefore, when they are over, we each have something toremember.