This is one of the finest films ever made, a testament to directorJames Ivory's unique sensitivity and genius. Of course, he started witha great novel by E. M. Forster, which always helps. But the screenplayby Ruth Prawer Jhabvlala does it complete justice, as was always thecase with her magnificent writing for the screen. I recently watchedthis again for the first time in years. My seeing performances of thisstory began with a London stage production long ago, where Gemma Joneswas so brilliant in the role of the younger Schlegel sister played hereby Helena Bonham Carter. This tale is so powerful and dramatic that itlends itself to novel, stage, and screen with equal facility. The storyis bitingly, savagely critical of the hypocrisy and social injustice ofEngland a century ago. This film's luminous centre is given it from thevery first opening travelling shot, where Vanessa Redgrave is seen andfollowed as she roams in the twilight through her beloved garden at herhouse Howard's End, which she had inherited from her brother who died,and where she was born. Ivory avoids needless lighting, and we canbarely make her out sometimes as she looks lovingly upon the flowers,the tree branches, and smells the redolent air, taking in the scents ofearly night. She stands outside looking into the drawing room throughthe open bow window, and is absorbing the adored atmosphere of the homeshe loves above all else in the world. Although she dies rather earlyin the film, Redgrave, as Ruth Wilcox, is radiant, mystical,supernatural in her mysterious performance, and she gives thatinescapable tone of an underlying reality, of a concealed fate, beneaththe surface of events, which make this film so utterly magical. All ofthe major performances are sensationally brilliant. Anthony Hopkins isso convincing as a crisp, matter-of-fact man of business who is indenial of all deeper feelings. Emma Thompson is at her most glorious asthe infectiously irreverent and joyously alive older sister to the moreserious Helena Bonham Carter. But in their scenes together they conveythe carefree and heedless sisterliness of a joyful and playfulhousehold, they chatter together like magpies who have known each othersince birth, they play, they joke, they romp, and truly they havecaptured on film exactly what such people could be like in those days.I knew groups of sisters like that as late as the 1960s and even the1970s, before that terminal social decay set in, which destroyed allreal joy in people's home lives and eradicated all such spontaneity andinnocent fun in the drawing room. Every scene of this film reeks ofauthenticity and screams out: 'I'm really happening!' Or at least:'Such things happened once!' Every scene of this film is composed soperfectly, the costumes are so exquisite, the art direction andproduction design are sensational beyond even the words of E. M.Forster to describe. The music is chosen so sensitively. Every breathis choreographed in this sumptuous spectacle of a lost world. As youwatch this, you keep thinking: there is only one James Ivory. And hetruly is an ivory in the lapidary sense, for he and everything hetouches are carved by the gods.