I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL talkingabout this movie! Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else peoplewouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it.  I personally enjoyed this filmimmensly, and still do!  I guess this film isn't for everyone, but itcertainly did touch the hearts of many. As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or"over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for that!lol*  You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film "HUGE" or a"HIT" with the general movie-going public.  PEOPLE make the film a hugesuccess.  With Titanic, everyone was in awe.  Let's face it, a film likethis had never been made before.  At least not with the type of specialeffects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking. This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed the actual sinking ofthe ship in the film with the REAL sinking that fateful day in April 1912. Even the silverware for goodness sakes matched!  Give this movie a break you guys!  The critics thought this movie would sinkBIG time!  When this movie actually came out and people started hearing byWORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of advertisement mind you) that thiswas a good/decent/movie worth seeing, then everyone started flocking to thetheaters in droves to see this movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3times and more!  So, I really wouldn't say that this movie was"overhyped"...at least not like the buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or theHULK is being "overhyped".  ha!  Critics didn't even think that Titanicwould make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that it tookto make this mammoth of a film.  However, the films money took care of that200 million budget and MUCH more!  Personally, I LOVE this film.  However, this film might not be for everyone. DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance though!  THat is themost sexist thing I've ever heard! Disliking a movie just because it hasromance in it!  The story was sweet.  The dialogue could have been better,but let's face it...the REAL star of the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it wasthat GIGANTIC Ship!    I think all of the actors including DiCaprio andWinslet did a fine job.  It's not thier best work (I've seen much BETTERwork from both of them) but it wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before. Give them a break! 