James Cameron's Titanic was nothing short of a phenomenon. Like so manyothers, I went to the pictures more than once to catch the must-seefilm of 1997. When I first saw Titanic, I was swept away by the wholefilm. I thought it was a thrilling piece of entertainment. Funny,resonant and exciting in equal measure.But again, like so many others I also feel Titanic has lost a bit ofits sparkle over the years. Its times like this you ask yourself why afilm you once held in such high regard now ranks so low? Lets see if Ican answer that question.There's no denying that on the one hand its an impressive piece offilmmaking. Cameron's direction is slick and economical, somethingthat's served him well since his extraordinary debut with TheTerminator. The 3 hour running time zips by without one barelynoticing. But somewhere along the way, Cameron fumbles it, and like theTitanic, the film goes down with all hands.Cameron is a self-professed Titanic enthusiast, and he's clearly put agreat deal of thought, care and precision into recreating the Titanic,from the jumbo sized pistons in the engine room right down to the tinyportholes on the bow. And he exactingly crafts its destruction, firstexplained to us through a step-by-step computer simulation.The collision with the iceberg. The gradual flooding of thecompartments. Loss of power. The ship splits in half. The eventualsinking. And then we finally see it enacted in the last 90 minutes. Itwould be churlish not to mention how eerily precise Cameron gets thedetails of the Titanic.Its a shame the human characters aren't as well developed. Cameron'sclout in the industry has allowed him to array a truly extraordinarycast. But save one or two, quite a few characters are little more thancardboard cutouts.Kate Winslet shines as Rose. She does quite well and invests a greatdeal of resourcefulness and spunk into the part of a débutante forcedinto marriage. Cameron draws a lot of strength and vitality from hercharacter.As for Leonardo DiCaprio, he brings plenty of enthusiasm to JackDawson, a penniless artist from steerage. But his romance with Rosenever truly convinces. The relationship only works on simplistic termsby pushing all the right emotional buttons. Exactly why it struck sucha chord with audiences. Especially the female members. I rememberhearing quite a few ladies in the audience reach for their tissuesduring Jack's rather maudlin death scene.I couldn't go into detail describing how many people there are to keeptrack of. Otherwise I'd run out of words. The ones that scoredfavourably with me are Kathy Bates as the unsinkable Molly Brown,Victor Garber as Mr Andrews the ship builder, and in a small butmemorable role Jason Barry as Tommy, an Irishman in steerage who meetsa tragic end.As for everyone else, they're all one-dimensional. Billy Zane is castas Rose's fiancée Cal, a snobbish, controlling tyrant. There's no depthto his character. David Warner is wasted in a thankless role as Zane'sghoulish valet, and Frances Fisher takes the prize of worst offenderfor playing Ruth, Rose's heartless mother.Cameron waits quite a bit before the actual collision. So you'd beforgiven for feeling more than a little restless for the first hour anda half. There are a few moments that stand out. I quite liked the waythe film contrasts the differences in 1st and 3rd class, each havingdinner in their own way. And you will definitely sit up and payattention to Jack drawing Rose in the nude wearing nothing but apriceless diamond.But its really after the crash that the film finally starts gettinginteresting. This is the part of the story Cameron wanted to tell. Hestages the destruction of Titanic with breathtaking regard. Corridorsflood with cascades of water. The enormity of the hull pivoting intothe air is a terrifying sight. Its in these scenes where the film holdsa captive audience. Cameron shoots them with a fanatical immediacy, andwatching the destruction of these stylised and impeccably crafted setsis awesome to behold.Yet even in these scenes Cameron miscues it a little. The sinking ofthe Titanic has been filmed many times (A Night To Remember had to haveinfluenced Cameron). But this is the first to add comedy into the mix.I didn't mind so much in the first half because the people aboarddidn't know the maiden voyage of Titanic was doomed. But in the secondhalf, when Cameron tries to make you laugh, its an approach at oddswith the dramatic thrust of the story, e.g. the aristocrats aboard wantbrandies while the ship is sinking. This is hardly believablebehaviour, and even disrespects the memories of those aboard. It leavesa bad taste in the mouth.Cameron does demonstrate far too much of a willingness to guess whatthe people aboard were like. Painting them in unfavourable colours,portraying the officers as officious bureaucrats, and even having oneof them shooting passengers even when there is no evidence to supportthat.The final scenes for Jack and Rose go on too long in my opinion. Hisfinal words, which are really hackneyed and mawkish belong more in asoap opera, not a multi-million dollar feature film. The image of afloating necropolis is striking though.Titanic is certainly an oddity. Its a film that people embraced as awhole the world over, and now they go out they're way to find faultwith it. I didn't go looking for faults. They surfaced as time went bybecause it just doesn't hold up too well to repeated viewings. I stillthink you should see Titanic, even if in a few years it probably won'tdo for you what it used to.