I saw this movie in the theaters back in 1994. When it was released onVHS I obtained that version. I've watched the movie about once everytwo years since then. This is an amazing movie in any number of ways.One big way it amazes me, is the way which it, as a simple andguileless little story, like a feather wafting in the breeze,nevertheless evokes raw rank hatred and eyeball-bulging, foreheadvein-popping, spittle-spewing vitriol from liberals and so-called"intellectuals" who are absolutely certain that, like a guided missile,it is seeking them out, intentionally, personally, to insult them withrightwing thoughts and ideas, and by a nitwit character no less.Hahahaha. As if.So let's first thing pop that little pea right out of the shooter.Let's dispense with the bilge of this movie being some kind of sub rosarightwing plot. Puh-leeeze. This is a mainstream Hollywood production.Robert Zemeckis, Tom Hanks, Sally Field, and Robin Wright Penn are allknown Hollywood lefties, liberal devotees who would take the pipe longbefore allowing themselves to be associated with or be used by anythingakin a rightwing movie, let alone be openly and voluntarily involved inmaking one. Bottom line, this is not a political movie. This is not amovie which is making any kind of political or social statements in anyrespect. People who think it is doing any of that are just working waytoo hard over-thinking it all. Period. It's odd because it's really notall that complicated of a thing to understand. Which leads directly toanother amazing thing about this movie: it is amazing the way thesimple little message the movie is actually sending just sails rightover so many people's heads. Amazingly they just don't get it, andbased on the comments here they still aren't getting it 14 years laterand counting. So if you fall into that category let me help you out.What is the message of Forrest Gump? Stripped to its purest essence,this movie is about loyalty and devotion, particularly to the ones inour lives we love and care about. These are the human values beingreinforced. Loyalty. Devotion. Forrest Gump embodies loyalty anddevotion. To his mama. To his good best buddy Bubba. To the love of hislife, Jenny. To his leader, Lt. Dan. And in the end to Forrest Jr. Oneby one and all together Forrest sticks by and takes care of his family,friends, and loved ones. This is the thread running through the entirestory. This is what carries Forrest to all of the remarkable places hegoes along the way.The use of a mentally challenged man as the leading man is a conceit,used to illustrate the point that loyalty and devotion are the mostimportant things in life, trumping everything else. It drives home thepoint that nothing else really matters anywhere near as much. Indeed,it drives it home with blunt force. Maybe it drives it home too hardfor such a simple little point. Maybe this is where the movie'sdetractors get themselves side-tracked. There are a number of other amazing and remarkable things about thismovie. The performances. The special effects. The almost poeticsimplicity of the story and the way it is told. See it for all this andmore, but please, don't over-think it.