The Burnhams are a typical, upwardly mobile family: a father with awell-paid job in advertising, a mother who is a driven real estatesales agent, an angst-ridden teen age daughter who is at an age todespise her parents. They live in a lovely home with a white picketfence, lovely roses, and a red door. Everything about them projects animage of success. And yet-- Lester (Kevin Spacey) hates his advertisingjob, which makes him feel like a prostitute selling second rate waresto stupid johns. Caroline (Annette Benning) is frustrated at beingsecond-best in the real estate business. Daughter Jane (Thorah Birch)finds both of her parents vapid and doubts her own validity as aperson--particularly when compared with her beautiful, sexed-up bestfriend Angela (Mena Suvari.) Their lives, like the lives of so manyothers rushing "to get ahead in the world," have become less aboutactually living than about maintaining and improving upon theappearance of success so prized by society.What is most astonishing about the film is its complete believability.Speaking as one who has worked a great deal in advertising and sales, Iwas amazed with the accuracy with which Ball's powerful and darklyfunny script captured the lives of those whose values rest exclusivelyupon external achievement--Lester's growing and barely concealed hatredfor advertising and Caroline's constant use of self-help tapes andpersonal success mantras are truly commonplace in the business world.Now, if American BEAUTY were merely this and nothing more, it wouldstill be an astonishing film. But it goes considerably further thanthat--for Lester, suddenly motived by a lust for his daughter's friendAngela, realizes how completely unenjoyable "keeping up appearances"has become. And he explodes the status quo in such a way as to bringevery one's petty materialism and mask-like personaes into a sharp,very funny, and pitch-black focus as the shallow and meaningless thingsthey are. And in the process he both finds and destroys himselfforever.The cast is astonishing throughout, with Kevin Spacey the ultimate "ICan't Take It Any More" man and wife Annette Benning the ultimatevision of every hard-core sales representative it has ever been mymisfortune to meet, a woman determined to "project an image of successat all times" even if it kills her. Thora Birch is a remarkable youngperformer, as is her boyfriend Wes Bentley, and Mena Suvari isperfectly cast as the youthful beauty for whom Spacey develops anunexpected passion. Mendes' direction is flawless here, and henavigates the both the complicated appearances of success and thepersonal shallowness it conceals with tremendous clarity, neveroverplaying his hand in either direction.Perhaps the most telling bits of the film are among the most subtle, aswhen the film posits the tiresomely yuppie but nonetheless considerablymore honest gay couple next door as more genuine than the Burhams,Caroline's eternal efforts at ego building through motivational tapes,and the way in which Angela (in time honored teenage fashion) naivelyattempts to use sex as a weapon to conceal her own insecurities.The film is extremely funny, but it is also ultimately devastating. Agreat many people--particularly those who equate "an image of success"with successful lives, will despise the film. But like it or not,American BEAUTY's take on the failure on the failure of the Americandream is easily the most successful and deadly accurate satire on lifein these United States since the equally wicked NETWORK. This is thereal thing, people--and it may be too close to home for many. Watch itat your own risk. Strongly, strongly recommended.Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer