How can you start talking about a movie like "Forrest Gump" without beingbias on the whole hype that has been surrounding it since it came out. Forsomeone who actually knows about films, it is a personal insult that theAcademy Awards considered this movie to be in higher standards than...Pulp FictionThe Shawshank RedemptionQuiz Showand even Four Weddings and a Funeraland how could Robert Zemeckis' (I hate that name) work be consideredbetterthan...Krzysztof Kieslowski for RED!!!!!!!!!!!Quentin Tarantino for PULP FICTION!!!!!!Woody Allen for BULLETS OVER BROADWAY!!!!!!Robert Redford for QUIZ SHOW!!!!!!!Not to mention that the Academy is such an airhead that Frank Darabont thedirector of The Shawshank Redemption wasn't even nominated!!!!!!Let's consider MANY important factors for this movie to be loved blindly,without a true sense of reflection and observation.Number 1: I have to much time on my hands,Number 2: It stars Tom Hanks who undoubtedly represents the white,flawlessway of American Life. He is the Jimmy Stewart of today (that could nothurt). He is talented, but highly overrated. He has some excellentperformances, but he always seems the same to me. He could never have thetalent that actors like Gary Oldman, Ed Harris, Sean Penn, Russell CroweorDenzel Washington have to reinvent themselves every time in a differentrole. He is the typical American male sweetheart, regardless everybodyloveshim. His star power more than his ability as an actor helped this movie toget sold and appreciated.Number 3: Stories about characters with disabilities always, and I meanalways sell in Hollywood (Rainman, I am Sam, Nell, My Left Foot,Awakenings,One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest) not that I am saying that these greatfilmscompare to Forrest Gump, but the idea itself whether good or badsells.Number 4: The history of the United States is taken rather lightly in thismovie, all the events that take place around the character happen withouthis knowledge in the most unconvincing of methods. Racism, Vietnam,meetinga number of American Presidents, his unheard speech at Lincoln Memorial,thehippies, drugs, Bubba Gump shrimp, apple computers, amongst other historicevents in which the character gets involved, but does not seem to graspthemagnitude of those very events. He is mentally handicaped as we are shownfrom the beginning, so because we are suppose to believe that he isemotionally handicap too. He never seems to get emotionally affected byanything, unless it involves Jenny, even then it does not appear to beconvincing or moving in any way.Number 5: The story itself appears to me as manipulative, sappy,uncompromised and made in half measures. It touches certain issues, butnever dwells on them with justice. The ingenuity of the character, hisdisability seems enough reason to feel that all the events are seen with acertain depth. Which they are not. It is unfair, because Hanks' charm andGump's likeable stupidity work as a hook to entangle people's emotions. Itnever allows for anyone to make an effort to see beyond the  story andintothe gut of what was attempted to be said.Number 6: Stupid moments, everybody loves them, Hollywood is an expert ofwhat people like and what they want to spend their money on. Gump begins a"marathon" across the country for no real reason at all, half way decideshe's had enough, by then the entire country was following him (as ametaphorfor the movie itself). Elvis Presley the King or Rock ends up as ayoungster, who knows how, in Gump's house as a visitor. Gump who hasbracesin his legs miraclously teaches him the dance moves that made him famous.Something that I personally cannot consider to be taken lightly is anissuelike the Vietnam War, but Forrest somehow manages to run in and out thejungle in the middle war saving people left and right. Maybe Zemeckisneverread a book or even watched a film (Apocalypse Now, Platoon, Full MetalJacket, Casualties of War) to illustrate him on what really happened onthatwar. Young soldiers were getting killed by the dozen. Forrest Gump is afairy tale based on unfounded grounds and hypocritical notions of"reality".Oliver Stone dedicated his film Platoon to the American soldiers inVietnam,he went there for real and saw what happened. Zemeckis has decided toignoreall these factors and still believe that his adored character could evenbeimmune to a experience like Vietnam (in every aspect possible).To conclude please do not let yourself be manipulated, not just becauseForrest Gump won the oscar for Best Picture makes it one of the best filmsof the 90's. The "sweetness" of this movie is not even sweet, its only theaploy, a sales pitch of the American Dream.In 20 years who will remember Forrest Gump, and more importantly who willremember that film when The Shawshank Redemption and Pulp Fiction arestillin people's memories for real reasons. They are art films, Forrest Gumptheoscar's favorite.And seriously folks if you haven't seen Kieslowski's RED run over toblockbuster and rent it. Its the end of the Color Trilogy. Then you'llknowwhat we mean.thank you.VIVA EL CINE!!!!