Rating: * * 1/2James Cameron is one of the best film directors out there.  He made"The Terminator" in 1984, which is not only Arnold Schwarzenegger's bestfilm, but quite simply the greatest action film ever made.  "Aliens" and"The Abyss" were excellent sci-fi films and literally invented newtechnology.  "Terminator 2" was a great sequel, and "True Lies" was a tonoffun.  He also made T2-3D, a cool theme park attraction.Then he made "Titanic."  "T2" was the most expensive film of its timeat a hundred million dollars.  Titanic more than doubled that.  It wentfarover budget, in fact.  And it was well spent.  The special effects areabsolutely incredible.Cameron's script, however, leaves something to be desired.  Itconcernsunsatisfied 1st class 16-year-old Rose (Kate Capshaw) and her romance with3rd class con guy Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio).  His profession: wander aroundParis, France drawing girls naked.  Here is problem #1.(WARNING: minor but predictable spoiler)  In 1912, a 1st classteenagedgirl sleeps with a 3rd class teen 24 hours after they meet.  Maybe,*maybe*in the  80s, but in 1912?In fact, that's the main problem.  The film revolves around a romancethat is stupid and completely unbelievable.  In other words, the scriptstinks.The film lasts over three hours.  This is not necessarily a badthing.All of Sergio Leone's classics last about that long.  But in Titanic, thehours are divided up in different qualities.  The first hour is fine andsomewhat spectacular but not great.  The second is really stupid and ruinsthe film.  The last hour is superb in nearly every way.  As I have alreadymentioned, the special effects are awesome, and Cameron's directingabilities are at their very best.The cast is fine but not great.  I've never been much of a fan ofDiCaprio, but he's okay here.  Capshaw is really good, but is outdone byBilly Zane as her slimy fiancee.This won eleven Academy Awards, which has only been done once before,for 1959's "Ben Hur."  Ben Hur was a true classic, and deservedit.Titanic won Best Picture, which should have gone to LA Confidential.Best Director was more or less deserved for helming something on thisscale.The special effects, sets, cinematography, costumes, etc. definitelydeserved it.  James Horner's score was good, but it did not deserve andOscar as much as some of his others, like Glory and Star Trek II.  Andsurely this wasn't the best film song of the year.As I said in the one-line-summary, it is Cameron's worst so far...butthat's not really that bad.  Steven Spielburg has made worse thanthis.It might not be a bad idea to see this film just for the spectacle.Ijust can't think of any other reason.