American Beauty is a "love it" or "hate it" film, and you never know ifit has more 'love it' or 'hate it' viewers. Personally, I love it -fromthe first sight, from the last sight, from the eternal sight. It is myfavorite film of the 90s, one of my personal twenty favorites ever. Ithink that American Beauty is an instant classic, and it will stay thatway as long as people watch movies.The film is deep, dark, and tragic. The title is American Beauty but itis more like Universal Sadness. It is not about superheroes - it isabout very flawed, tired, and shallow people ? but just as the tag linesays ? one must look closer.I live in a town like the one in American Beauty too - nice houses,brick, vinyl, neatly cut grass and flowers. "The air is fresh and sweetlike a child's kiss". I jog in the mornings or in the evenings andpeople often sit on their porches or water their lawns or jog just as Ido. We always smile at each other and say "Hi, how are you?" I alwaysthink to myself - what goes on beyond the closed doors of these peoplethat I see? They could be happy with their families and with theirjobs. They do look happy. Or, they may be tired and disappointed withtheir lives, trying to do something to change it - or just letting thedays pass by.Leo Tolstoy opened his novel Anna Karenina with the words, "All happyfamilies are happy in the same way; each unhappy family is unique inits unhappiness". That's why it is much more interesting for me to tryand understand each unhappy family ? why did it happen? The family inAmerican Beauty used to be happy - there is even proof - the photographwith three of them, happy, laughing. Where did it go? When? Why? Whenwas the moment in time when two loving people became strangers andprisoners in their own nice house with the beautiful roses outside?These are the questions I kept thinking about when I saw AB for thefirst time, and I still can not find the answers. Can something bechanged? How? What do you do to wake up from the lethargic dream thatyour life has become? How do you reach the people who are the closestto you? What the hell do you need a $3000 couch for if you can not makelove to your wife on it? What is the purpose of material possessions ifthey become more important than the smile of your daughter? When didyou start to think that giving your children the best toys possiblewould substitute for a talk, for a sincere and honest interest as towhat they really worry about? I did not find American Beautypatronizing and simplistic - it asks difficult questions but does notprovide you with any easy answers. I still look for those answers. Idon't blame the movie for imperfection of its characters - I know theydo exist. We don't like them - but can one be mad when looking in themirror? I want to add a couple of words about Spacey's character,Lester Burnham (BTW, Spacey may stop acting right now, and he probablyshould after all the flops he has produced since AB, but he will alwaysbe remembered for Lester). Lester could say about himself what anotherflawed but unforgettable character did 25 years before him: "Well, Itried, didn't I? Goddamnit, at least I did that." Lester Burnham died ahappy man; the last words he heard in his life were that his daughterwas in love - it meant for him that she could feel, that she was alivebecause love changes us and makes us better. His last sight was that ofa picture where happiness and joy were captured forever. In death, hehad at last captured that for which he had longed for the most in life? happiness.He died a happy man - not many do.