Starring: Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise, Sally Field This wasflat out one of the best movies of 1994. It won best picture for areason, along with a few other Academy Awards. I think one of the taglines for the movie was, "The world will never be the same once you'veseen it through the eyes of Forrest Gump." How true. The movie isbasically one simple man's journey through life. And what a journey.The movie opens with Forrest (Hanks) sitting at a bus stop, waiting togo see Jenny (Wright) after being apart from her for years. Who isJenny, you ask? We'll get to that in a minute. Forrest strikes up aconversation or two with the people that come and wait for the bus withhim. Or, more accurately, he keeps talking regardless of whetheranybody is listening or not. The movie plays out as a flashback, withForrest taking us through all the major events of his life andnarrating them.The flashback starts when Forrest is a little boy, about six years oldor so, just at about the age where he should be starting school. We getto take a look at Forrest's childhood as he gets leg braces tostraighten out his back, as his momma (Field) fights (and does a fewother things) to get him into public school, and as he meets for thefirst time the love of his life. Jenny. He meets her on the way toschool, sitting next to her on the bus, and they strike up a friendshipimmediately.Eventually we progress to the point where Forrest and Jenny are in highschool, and we travel along with Forrest as he makes it onto thefootball team and gets to go to college. Forrest and Jenny never date,but he's always there to protect her. Anytime he thinks she's introuble, he rushes to the rescue, ready to beat the ever-loving snotout of anyone who even looks at his Jenny wrong. I think one of myfavorite scenes in the movie is when someone is dumb enough to slapJenny. The film goes slow motion, Forrest's eyes go wide, and he startscharging at this guy like a runaway locomotive, and has the strikingforce of one too. Watching him beat the crap out of that guy ishilarious.As Forrest grows up and goes through school, college, the army, aVietnam tour, becomes a ping pong celebrity, a shrimp boat captain, andeventually one of the richest men out there, he also gets to take a fewstops in history as the filmmaker gives us his own spin of how hethinks history would have happened if Forrest Gump were there. He getsto meet the President three times, he's the man who exposes theWatergate scandal, he's at the school doors when Governor GeorgeWallace tries to get some Negroes into a white school, and so on and soforth. It's really funny the way they manipulate historical footage toinsert Forrest into the events of the past.This is truly a great movie. You'd be a fool to miss it.Bottom Line: 4 out of 4 (own this movie)