"Howards End" is certainly one of the best films of the last decade.  I haveseen this film several times over the past 7 years and each time I findmyself in complete awe.  I love how its intricate story gradually unfoldslayer by layer, involving us more and more with the characters.  "HowardsEnd" also boasts breath-taking cinematography by Tony Pierce-Roberts and arousing and rueful musical score by Richard Robbins.The ensemble cast is perhaps the best reason to see this film.  EmmaThompson won the Best Actress Oscar for her performance, and deservedly so!This is her best performance and her best film, in my opinion.  I lovedwatching the character development in her portrayal of Margaret Schlegel, asshe transforms from an open-minded intellectual to a class-conscious socialclimber.  What's remarkable is that we still feel for her greatly as she isgoing through this transition.  She still remains a sympathetic character upuntil the very end when she slowly comes back to her senses.Anthony Hopkins also gives one of his best performances as the cold andhypocritical Henry Wilcox.  So many scenes shed different lights onto hischaracter.  The scene where he proposes to Margaret stands out inparticular.  There is plenty of erotic tension, but at the same time italmost feels like he is making some sort of impersonal business venture withher.  Vanessa Redgrave is a presence to behold as the fragile Ruth Wilcox.  Herperformance may be brief, but it leaves an indelible mark, particularly inlater scenes when Margaret visits Howards End.  Helena Bonham Carter shouldhave gotten an Oscar nomination for her performance.  She really has greatdepth and passion that is well-suited to her character.  The rest of thesupporting cast is superb.  Even the minor characters like Nicola Duffet'sJackie Bast and Jemma Redgrave's stony-faced Evie Wilcox arenoteworthy."Howards End" is one of the richest, most nuanced films I have seen.  It isbeautifully shot, well-acted, and exquisitely directed.  It deserves to beconsidered a classic.  