Quite a disappointment. This movie fit a class that I run into fromtime to time: the movie that engages me well for the whole movie, suchthat I don't find out that I hate it until I get to the ending. In thiscase, it was the kind of ending where the movie doesn't so much end asrun out of stuff. That is, there's no real resolution that tieseverything together or anything, and you realize that what we've seenis more a series-of-events rather than a cohesive plot. Was it a happyending? A sad ending? I still can't tell. But it certainly was anunsatisfying ending.If the plot isn't coherent, neither are the characters. I *still* don'tunderstand a lot of the characters' motivations. Why was Wilcox such anobnoxious, stubborn fool about letting Helen stay one night in thehouse? When Meg has clearly and superbly delineated his hypocrisy, itjust bounces right off of him. He doesn't concede the point, he doesn'tdeny the point, he just ignores it. That was just a weird way tobehave. If nothing else, it paints the guy as a complete, irredeemablejerk. So the movie seems to strike a triumphant note when Meg finallytells him she's leaving him. That was the kind of wonderful momentwhich made it seem like the film was going somewhere. But then, *poof*,nothing comes of it, she's still with him and kissing him at the end.Huh? She ultimately makes no sense as a character, one can never seewhat she sees in this jerk, or why she constantly kowtows to him,despite being a strong enough character with everybody else. Thenthere's the brother, Tippy or Flippy or whatever his name was. Why? Whyis he in this movie? He does NOTHING. He adds nothing, does nothing,says almost nothing, he's more a piece of the set than a character.Someone else here also pointed that out. And speaking ofprops-rather-than-characters, there was Jackie. The first thing Inoticed at the end of the film was that she was given NO resolution. Soultimately, she, as a character, went nowhere and amounted to nothing.You could have entirely omitted her and nothing would've been anydifferent. It was also pointed out, very appropriately, the way thatHelen's character is slapdash. There's the whole big deal about herstealing umbrellas, then that utterly disappears. Comes off as prettycontrived. And what about the whole original thing with her having theaborted affair with young Wilcox? That too went nowhere and amounted tonothing.And, by the way, I waited half the movie for the family-history tidbitabout the original Mrs. Wilcox having a brother or uncle or someone whoasked for that other woman's hand and was rejected-- I waited half themovie for that to become relevant, trying to figure out who thatmight've been and how they tied in. Answer? Went nowhere, meantnothing, just another irrelevant detail. This movie was a complete soupof irrelevant details.Yes, the performances were fine (given what the actors had to workwith). Yes, the sets and costumes and all provide a fine periodrecreation. And the music was quite good (but more about that in aminute). For those three things I gave it three stars instead of one.But the fact is, at the end of the movie I find myself frustrated andcheated. There was no real plot, and, in the end, there wasn't a singlecharacter in the movie that I *liked*. I had liked Meg for almost thewhole movie, but when she went back with The Jerk at the end, that wasjust too much for me.And finally, let's talk about the music. I was enraptured when they didthe bit with the Beethoven fifth (some of the finest, most moving musicever written). Especially when the naked piano version from the lecturehall morphs into the full, powerful orchestral score. I was excited,thinking, "Excellent! They're using the wonderful 3rd movement as aleitmotif! This'll be great!" But no, as with all else in this film, itmeans nothing and goes nowhere. It comes back exactly once, and only asa concrete flashback, when Umbrella Man is dreaming of the day he metHelen. What did it signify? Nothing. Just the concrete event.In short, this film did a great deal to raise my expectations and hopesand extremely little to actually fulfill them.