It's really quite odd. When Titanic first came out,the reviews weremixed but the public generally loved it,those who disliked the filmwere definitely in the minority. Over the years,it has became somewhatfashionable to slag Titanic off,even if a great many of those peoplewho did so were probably amongst those who made it such an enormous hitin the cinemas. Titanic is flawed,definitely,sometimes greatly so.However,it's also a tremendous achievement for it's director JamesCameron. Mixing a real disaster with romance is harder to do than somemight think. Maybe he did have a right to say "I'm king of the world"when the film won Best Picture at the Oscars. Just once.The modern day opening is excellent,making effective use of some ofCameron's real footage he took of the sunken Titanic. There is a realsense of mystery. Than we flash back to the Titanic being boarded,andthe film stalls just a little for around two hours. The attention todetail is amazing {even all the cutlery matched,you know} and there isnothing wrong with an extremely slow build up to action-think of TheSeven Samourai. However,the central romance between Leo and Kate isoften badly written and unconvincing. For a start Kate's Rose wouldcertainly not have done two things she does in the film as quickly asshe did {Obviously thousands of teenage girls seeing the film in 1997would disagree with my views}. We also have to suffer Cameronconstantly labouring the point that the poor people on the ship arebetter than the rich people.However,the final 80 or so minutes,detailing the sinking,is simplybrilliant film making. The suspense is built expertly,even though weknow what will happen,and climaxes with some technical shots which arestill impressive. Perhaps there is a little two much emphasis on thecentral couple,but there are some truly moving moments,and it reallyfeels true,although of course Cameron did play with the facts a littlehere and there,as at least one descendant of one of the survivors haspointed out. The following sequence involving the boats is extremelyhaunting,with some especially good use of sound. As for the finalscene,it does manage to be pretty moving,it's schmaltzy but it works{though hardly original,think of Somewhere In Time and various 40sromantic fantasies}.Titanic has some excellent use of CGI {watch out for the transitionsfrom present to the past on the sunken ship} and one glaringly badspecial effect-the iceberg which looks like polystyrene. James Horner'sbest selling score is really quite poor and only occasionally bringsthe emotion it should do. Performances are generally excellent andsometimes succeed in overcoming some thin characterisation {such asBilly Zane as Rose's fiancée,who even has to suffer with far too mucheye make up!}Overall Titanic is still worth seeing,and sometimes it really does hitthe heights that it should. It succeeds more than it fails,which isimpressive in a film as ambitious as this.