Its well put message of social relations, as well as the tendenciesshown by those very classes of people examines the more moralclassifications of its focused characters. I never read the novel, butI found the film to be well made, using very well acted performances,as well focusing it's main subject of a plot to a more diverse issueother than the property of Howards end. The setting takes place inEdwardian England, the time of King Edward VII rule, and there are 3classes shown to viewers each symbolizing some individual form of moralexpression in the very nature of their actions. First off , we havesthe Wilcox's, the typical aristocratic English family with nothing butwealth and false pride to justify themselves, believing they are abovethe poor and that anything is in their grasp. The head's of this familyare the well mannered but secretively selfish Henry Wilcox (Hopkins)and the more compassionate Ruth Wilcox (Redgrave). The second class isthe way above average, but lacking in arrogance Schelgel's. The 2Schelegel sisters, Margaret (Thompson) and Helen (Carter) are both welleducated, seeing very significant aspects in their fascinations withtheir forms of literature and art, Helen in particular. The 3rd andfinal family is the Bast's, the poor and struggling middle class thatstruggle all alone with what they have. The film's plot revolves aroundthe very connection between these 3 classes. After foolishly continuinga doomed love affair with a Wilcox, Helens own faults and regrets serveas Margaret's motivations to bring both apologies and respect to anailing, and later to be deceased Ruth for her sisters own faults. Astimes goes on, the two women share many fascinations, particularlytheir fondness of the homes they live in. Currently the Schelegels aremoving out of their cherished Child hood home, and Ruth herself hastreasured her own childhood home, Howards End. The nature of theWilcox's become very clear at their response to Ruth's dying will toleave Howard's End to Margaret. Purged with both jealousy andbitterness, Henry burns what is truly Margaret's, only to later leaveit to her in the film's conclusion. In the shared moments Henry andMargaret have, they become closer and closer, thus reaching a proposalthat although makes Margaret happy, it will challenge both her moralplace in choosing between the Wilcox's or her own family and their moresympathetic views. As I've mentioned, the Basts served as the film'sstruggling middle class. By a simple accident, and further twists offate, the Basts became of great importance to Helen. In a simpleincident involving an umbrella, and a falsely accused affair, LeonardBast would become more acquainted with Helen, on both the knowledge ofhis profession and the views of his wife. Through the misguided adviceof Henry, Leonard lost his Job, only to fall further down the road ofstruggling survival. Helen's good judgment served as her inspiration tohelp a man she barely knew, up until the moment the two fell for eachothers heart. Margaret on the other hand felt more of an obligation toher husband, and in doing nothing of the sort to help. In these times,people as snide and falsely elegant as the Wilcox's would look down onthe poor, with some form pity, but with no desire to show compassionnor assistance. A lot of things in this film happen, and they simplyshow further more how this film examines so much more than just therelations of British social classes. Helen's friendship with Leonardand eventual barred child, Margaret's marriage and conflict with hersister, and Leonard's eventual death at the hands of a Wilcox all endin some meaningful conclusion, symbolizing a new form of evolution ofBritish social classes. The Willcoxes represented the industrialists,while the Schelegels themselves were more liberal and sympathetic, andthe Basts were the more ill fortunate and faced with more difficulty. Imentioned earlier that despite Henry hiding the will of Margaret'sownership of Howard's end, all came to a close when his heart came tochange and feel grief and guilt. Howard's end is more than just thecherished memory of a deceased old woman, but it also represents achange in the way people lived. The film ends with Margaret now beingthe owner of the property, which houses both her and her sister Helen,and Leonard's son. The home of the Wilcox's ended up sheltering peopleof presumed lower classes. The film "Howards End", in my view alsosymbolized the individual talents of it's 3 leads. Emma Thompson'sperformance can be defined as charming and yet confused character whenmade to choose between Lineage and good common rationality. I was veryimpressed in particular by Helen Bo ham Carter's portrayal, symbolizinga very unique character who's fascination with multiple forms of art isof charming easiness. Anthony Hopkins was terrific, using a characterthat represents hypocrisy and just plain arrogance in the status of hisfamily name. Director James Avery has made a film with the message ofsocial equality, showing viewers the very dark nature of judgingothers, despite whatever class they are, in money, beliefs, or ofwhatever state in general.