True Romance is the work of two men, known for making movies (as TBSwould say) for guys who like movies, and have one of the pick of thelitter in the genre from the early to mid nineties. Quentin Tarantinosold his script to fund Reservoir Dogs, and Tony Scott (Top Gun) gotpicked up to direct. Some have complained that Tarantino should'vedirected this film, that it's so much his (which I agree withconsidering the story of the film was taken from his 1987 experimentalfilm My Best Friend's Birthday, which refers to Clarence in this filmgoing to the Sonny Chiba movies) that his own style as a directorwould've complimented it. It's a nice thought, though that's not whatwe as the audience are left with, and so with the final product thereis much to admire about the style that Scott uses in the film. He filmsTarantino's script (from a Roger Avary script originally) very muchlike he's shooting a Hollywood movie (as he knows how to with DPJeffrey Kimball), with all the cut-aways and editing timing that isexpected in a conventional crime-drama-thriller, then by hearing thesnapping dialog from the script, and the cast performing them, Scottdoes become an important piece of making True Romance a success.The story is a throwback to the old 'lovers on the run' formula, amongothers- Clarence (Christian Slater in one of his finest) is an employeein a comic book store in Detroit, loves kung-fu movies and big guns andsuch, who gets set up unwittingly with a call girl named Alabama(Patricia Arquette). The two fall in love, and Clarence feels confidentenough by a certain voice in the back of his head (provided by ValKilmer) to go and free Alabama for good from her vile pimp and drugdealer Drexl (Gary Oldman in one of the better villain roles of thetime). He does, and through a couple of accidents Clarence and Alabamawind up with millions worth in cocaine, and high-tail it to LA to sellit, as the original (mob) owners of the coke follow after, withexplosive results.For fans of the actors, in particular the supporting cast, True Romanceis one of the treats of treats in modern movies, on par with PulpFiction's roster of know-ables: Christopher Walken as a gangster (whowould've thought?), Brad Pitt as a stoner roommate, Tom Sizemore andChris Penn as cops, a few good lines for Samuel L. Jackson, an earlyplum for James Gandolfini, and my personal favorite of the lot, DennisHopper as Clarence's ex-cop father. Another thing that makes TrueRomance one of the (dare I say) most accessible of Tarantino's works isthat a viewer who might not know this is his work on first viewing(this was me a few years ago, sad to say) will stay tuned through thewhole thing if it's on TV just because of the star power; indeed,before Oldman's Detrix is introduced into the film, TR seems to flowlike it'll be a romantic drama with light overtones. All I can say isby the end of this film, you will see that good taste can prevail nomatter how much bloodshed gets on the screen, or how many obstacles getin the way of love (and Elvis!).