What seems on the surface a simple tale of one woman's gift to anotheris much more complex in this story of one upper class family'sinvolvement with two sisters, not so well off, but obviously of highermorals than some of the members of those who consider themselveseverybody else's "betters". The story initially focuses on HelenaBonham Carter's Helen, a middle class lady who is involved with theupper class Joseph Bennett but unable to marry him because of hisissues with his family. By chance, Carter's sister Margaret (EmmaThompson) meets the ailing matriarch of Bennett's family (a very subtleand gentle Vanessa Redgrave) who sees something special in the classyMargaret. On her death bed, Redgrave writes in pencil the desire toleave her childhood home, Howard's End, to Thompson, but at a familymeeting, widower Anthony Hopkins is manipulated into preventing that byhis other son (James Wilby).Encounters on occasion with Thompson brings Hopkins' sudden proposal,perhaps out of loneliness, maybe out of guilt, but within time, growinginto love. Carter and Thompson's friendship with a struggling clerk(Samuel West) causes all sorts of issues, especially when West's commonwife (Nicola Duffett) comes to a wedding, gets drunk, and reveals apast with Hopkins. This becomes a story then, not only of a familydeception, but the ties that bind all mankind, either throughobligation, unexpected human interaction or in Hopkins and Duffett'scase, a brief lust that tears away at him because of the differences intheir social standing. West struggles, not only to try and find a newposition after his suddenly ends, but with his feelings for Carter aswell and his disgust in his marriage to Duffett. The so-called politeupper class becomes murderous in a shocking twist towards the end, andthis explodes into many questions of what exactly is good breeding, andwho has it.Powerful performances by a magnificent cast gives this family drama amesmerizing feel, just as dramatic as all six seasons of "DowntonAbbey" whittled down to two and a half hours. There are comic bits hereand there that prevent the film from becoming too staid, and the set-upof gentle matriarch Vanessa Redgrave making you care about what happensto her will require the need of Kleenex near by as her light fades andthe story moves into new directions. Hopkins, playing a very conflictedman, shows all the human dimensions that makes this character veryreal, whether grieving over a wife he really didn't spend too much timecaring about it seems in life, facing his own ordeal as an adulterer,or unable to forgive himself, both for cheating, keeping the truth awayfrom Thompson and lastly, realizing what a bunch of greedy, selfishoffspring he's raised. Prunella Scales is very funny in a small part asCarter and Thompson's no nonsense aunt. Carter and Thompson are wonderfully cast as sisters, and while Thompsonhas the meatier part, Carter is impressive as well. She's moved on from"A Room With a View" to showing here all the tricks she'll later pullout in her character parts in Tim Burton movies. Thompson, deservedlywinning an Oscar, is an actress of such gifts, and from the moment youmeet her, she's somebody you'll want as a friend as much as Redgravedid. She faces tragedy with such dignity, being independent andresourceful, yet willing to stand by her man no matter how bad thingsbecome because she sees the truths that most humans are blind to. It'sthe writing surrounding these characters that make "Howard's End" a joyto revisit, and while the country home may not be immense like DowntonAbbey, you can see why Redgrave adored it and would only want to see itin the hands of somebody she knew would treasure it like she did.