The very carefully considered style of the E M Forster adaptations becameatrademark for the Merchant-Ivory productions (covering three of the sixnovels) that substantially conveyed outmoded worlds full of luxury andprivilege, yet are somehow repellently distasteful.  `Howard's End' is agood case in point, drawing on Edwardian affluence via inheritance andcommerce, liberal-minded progressive women and the under-trodden workingclass that supports them.  Forster tellingly borrows the name of thebrothers August and Friedrich Schlegel, leading German poets, critics andphilosophers in the first half of the 19th Century whose work formed thebasis of German romanticism.  With his Schlegels' bi-nationality ofBritishand German, but not the 'dreadful sort' as Forster is keen to stress, headdresses his aversion to xenophobia in the years leading up to the FirstWorld War.  Stephen Farber argues that Ivory's film technique has thepossible limitation of failing to do justice to the mythical dimension ofForster's novel that employed the primeval symbolism of a wych-elm toechoEngland's past.  In the film a spreading chestnut tree complete withpigs'teeth substitutes for the wych-elm, and serves no more significance thanasa marker on the way to the garage. Yet, Primeval Man is clearly alive andwell nearly a century later with the world stage replaying the events ofoneof mankind's sorriest episodes culminating in the carnage of the GreatWar.Wars, terrorism, famine, HIV, SARS and other mysterious killer bugs stalkthe Earth whilst the Serbian Prime Minister is assassinated in theBalkans.Confusion over an umbrella leads a young man teetering on the edge ofsocialand financial obscurity, into an altogether different world beyond hisdreams.   In a fatalistic manner the feminine household of the Schlegelsfull of art and literature collides with the masculine and commercialhouseof Wilcox, ultimately making neither easy bedfellows nor a home for theother.  In his desire to better himself through literature, Leonard Bast(Samuel West) inadvertently stumbles into this world and ends updevelopingan unwise relationship with the waywardly enchanting Helen Schlegel(HelenaBonham-Carter).  It is after all Helen in the original story whodiscussesdeath with Leonard and adapts Michelangelo with the prophetic "Deathdestroys a man; the idea of Death saves him".  Some familiar chords arestruck here with the 'sense and sensibility' of Jane Austen's Dashwoodsisters in the novel of that phrase, when Helen censures Margaret (EmmaThompson) for her betrothal to all that the younger sister deems cold andstifling.  The comparison is further illuminated by Thompson's portrayalofthe restrained elder sister in Ang Lee's masterful film of Austen's novelthree years later.  The double standards of male behaviour are realisedatthe wedding of Margaret and Henry Wilcox (Anthony Hopkins) as theinebriatedgatecrasher, Mrs Bast (Nicola Duffett), recognises the gentleman groomfromher former life, whilst he in turn will not have the unwed and expectantHelen stay at the empty `Howard's End'.   The arrogance and bigotry oftheWilcoxs and the interference of the Schlegels for their disadvantagedfriendeventually conspire in his demise.It is possible to draw a parallel of Charles Wilcox's attack on LeonardBastwith Jordan's culture of "crimes of honour" with the killing in August2002of a pregnant and unmarried woman by her brother, after being encouragedbyfamily and friends, and of the stabbing of a daughter by her father asdetailed in Norma Khouri's `Forbidden Love', a fate that befalls some5000women a year.  How can it be that these abominable acts are a product ofasociety that is governed by harsh, inhumane religious rules?  Whattwistedsense of perspective says it is right to destroy two lives to address abizarre sense of shame arising from a naturalistic occurrence where`correct' protocols were not followed?   The sad conclusion has to bedrawnthat though the rest of us suffer from his devastation, Primeval Manlivesuntouched by evolution and is in no danger of extinction.Vanessa Redgrave is touchingly charming as the naïve Mrs Wilcox whobequeaths her beloved Howard's End to Miss Schlegel, though in none tooanofficial manner which leads to the plot's convolutions.  Incidentally theactress has recently received a Tony for the Broadway revival of `LongDay'sJourney into Night', and contributed her considerable thoughts on`Anthonyand Cleopatra' for Faber's excellent `Actors on Shakespeare' seriespublished in June of last year.  Thompson's superlative performancejustlyearned her an Oscar, yet perhaps the greatest of her career are to befoundin her unrequited housekeeper in `Remains of the Day' in 1993, and in herexceptional tour de force as the blue-stocking dying of cancer in MikeNichols' brilliant if uncomfortable `Wit' in 1999.  Hopkins is awesome asthe shrewd businessman unable to connect with people, whilst JosephBennettas Paul, Jemma Redgrave as Evie, James Wilby (a veteran from otherForsteradaptations) as Charles, and Susie Lindeman (`Lilian's Story' andrecentlyonstage in `Hammerklavier') his twittering wife Dolly are all perfectlytooghastly as the detestable offspring.  Bonham-Carter improves on her LucyHoneychurch in the earlier `Room with a View' to provide the disruptivefreespirit of Helen that so changes every life she comes into contact with,whilst West's Leonard is a memorable study of the downtrodden that thegodshave determined to destroy.  The film also garnered Oscars for RuthPrawerJhabvala for her screenplay, and Luciana Arrighi and Ian Whitakker forartdirection, whilst Richard Robbins and Tony Pierce-Roberts were nominatedfororiginal music and best cinematography.  The same production teamcollaborated in the following year's admirable `Remains of the Day' thatfrustratingly missed out at the Oscar and Bafta awards.The overarching theme for E M Forster, as etched onto the title page ofthePenguin edition, is "Only connect." and the skilled filmmakers havesucceeded splendidly in this adaptation in spanning the bridge to connectthe viewer to the characters in their distant world.