So subtle, yet so very clever. There are some films you watch again andagain just because you like them, or something about them. Even if youdon't think them among the best ever - they're one of your favorites.This is not that. There are others you really have to watch severaltimes just to penetrate the layers of things hidden - multiple meaningand real subtext. Modern film goers aren't used to this. Many find eventhe idea of intelligent films that require your intelligence to watchthem, a foreign concept. This is one of those.Now mind you I'm not saying this is a hard film to watch, it is not.It's extremely easy to watch, and very enjoyable - if you like people(or at least the idea of liking people). If you don't like people, youprobably won't like this or any period piece. This movie actually hassomething to say, which is easy to miss. Meaning if you stay on thesurface of it, it's very easy to take for granted - looking at thelovely and missing the principles and truths on display. Attention issomething you have to Pay, and some are simply not willing to do that.They feel the price of the ticket should have covered it.If you love excellence then you'll love this film, because it it isfilled with excellence. It's not fast paced like a thriller, but not asingle moment of the film is wasted. All the transitions from scene toscene are seamless, and every scene is full. The language here is thelanguage of relationships. With one of the stronger underlying themesbeing that of the Biblical law of reaping what you sow, andaccountability for one's actions.Pay special attention to where the film begins and the offense(morally) that occurs there, where the film ends - and who is givenwhat would have been theirs (at least in part) had the right thing beendone instead of the offense, and the way that it all comes about. Whichis part of what causes you to not notice it. Believe me, it is sosubtle pretty nearly everyone misses it. In an almost altruistic sensethe story comes full circle by ending exactly where it began. Watch howthe inanimate objects of an umbrella, a sword, and a house participatein the flow of events, and thereby the direction of lives. This isprobably the most nuanced film you'll ever see, and it is a masterpiece. . . fullgrownministry.com