If one does a keyword search of Titanic on the IMDB, they will find that itis not a new subject for film.  Documentaries, TV movies, and big screenversions abound.  The Barbara Stanwyck-Clifton Webb version of 1955 had amuch better story -- the tension between the characters was palpable andwhen their son leaves his mother to go back onto the ship to die with hisfather -- that is touching, not watching the puppy love antics of DiCaprioand Winslet and sweaty heaving and thrusting in the back of anOldsmobile.Anyway, back to the skillions of versions of Titanic.  Lest we forget, Iwill mention here that another ocean liner sank, the Lusitania, with anequal, if not more, loss of lives.  This sinking was an act of war (it wassunk by a German U-boat) and a hell of a lot more important to history -- itprompted the US to enter WWI. David Butler has written a novel calledLusitania and it is a Grand Hotel on the ocean, in theory the same asCameron's script, although it is much better written.  At least there aremore than three central characters.  The tragedy of the Lusitania is no lessheartbreaking than that of the Titanic.  So why didn't Cameron take hismoney and present a subject that is neglected on film (apart fromdocumentaries)?  I'm sure he could have taken Butler's book and made it asgood as the author wrote it.  Cross-cutting from Kapitan Schwieger in theU-Boat and the people on board the ship just before the torpedo hit wouldhave been as exciting as editing could get.All this talk of jealousy on the part of Titanic naysayers is ridiculous.  Ihave seen many big budget movies that have good scripts and are entertainingand I have no qualms about recommending them.  I happen to think The FifthElement is one of the best sci-fi movies in recent years.  Other people panit, but I don't wag my finger at them and say, "You're just jealous!"  Theycan have their own opinion, but that doesn't mean they are more right thanI.  I just happen to think that Titanic, as envisioned by James Cameron, isuninspired, tedious, and, apart from the special effects (some of which arenot done well at all -- again, people, my OPINION), a waste of time.  I'vetried watching it a second time and I just can't get into it.  The Prologuewith Old Rose is not interesting at all and I think Gloria Stuart hasn'timproved her acting skills since The Invisible Man (way back in 1933) andshe is the major fault of that movie.As for it being the greatest film of all time or even in the top 10, I shakemy head in dismay at the bandwagon mentality sweeping the world about thismovie.  Gone With the Wind, She Wore a Yellow Ribbon, The Wild Bunch, ToKill a Mockingbird, The General, Greed, The Birth of a Nation, Intolerance,The Women, All Quiet on the Western Front, Sunset Boulevard, The Big Parade,Meet John Doe, Double Indemnity, and about 100 others are better all aroundas a cinematic experience than Titanic.  These movies have excellentcharacter and plot development, use of camera techniques and a quietcharisma that the bombastic Titanic with its loud score (by theself-plagiaristic James Horner -- I heard Aliens, Star Trek II, and severalother of his films in the Titanic score) and obvious "gut-wrenching" ployssorely lacks.  I just cannot award the laurels for the best movie of alltime to a film that excels in one department (special effects) and fallsshort in all others.PS -- To all those who complain that people are saying the movie ispredictable because the boat sinks: I think we're all talking aboutCameron's love story, not the fact that the boat sinks.  Only an "ignorant"person would lodge that complaint.  I knew from the previous scene whatwould happen to these characters next, and that shows the mark of a poorscript.