The tale of Forrest Gump has always been awe-inspiring. In my youth, Iwould curl up on the couch with the family and watch it religiously. Wewould quote it, laugh, and reminisce of our favorite parts.Growing up, I have come to realize that the ambition that Tom Hanksportrays as Forrest is definitely something to be desired. I alwaysconnected with his character and never truly understood why. It wasn'tthe low IQ. I am quite intelligent. It wasn't what he accomplished. Ihave only done a handful of things, none of which are noteworthy. Soreviewing this film as an adult, I realized I was watching it through adifferent pair of eyes. At first I thought the movie had changed. No...I had. The reason why I connected so much with Forrest are two-fold.First, his desire for strong relationships. There were so many peoplethat shunned him and hated upon him, much of which I can relate to.However, throughout the film, we remember his relationships. The lovehe has for the character Jenny is so strong, it keeps him loyalthroughout his entire life, despite always taking second to someone orsomething else. He knew what his heart wanted and waited patiently forhis time. His relationship with his "mama" is definitely on to bedesired. Sally Field brought a nurturing side to her son who alreadyhad shortcomings from childhood. Yet, she always used positivereinforcement to encourage him and build him up. His relationship withhis Army buddy Bubba was something truly remarkable. In times ofhardships, a man who he barely knew, he risked his life for. Granted,throughout training they did get to know some about each other, but thefact that Bubba treated Forrest like an equal is something socommendable and it makes me want to be a better person like that.Forrest's relation ship with Lt. Dan was, albeit, an unhealthy one fromthe start, but even though Dan was a loner, gave up on life, anddespised Forrest for saving him in Vietnam, he ended up living a fulllife with his new wife, who could see past his disability and trulylove him for who he was underneath.These days we don't see people behaving this way anymore. Almost likerespect is beneath us. I will treat a custodian the same way I treat aPresident. People say respect is earned. No... respect is given. Itdoesn't matter who you are, what matters is who you are. Within. I knowthat last statement may sound redundant, but I'm sure some of you(hopefully all of you) can see the meaning for what it's worth.Secondly, Forrest's financial gains. Throughout his life, heaccumulated a substantial amount of wealth. The greatest thing? Hedidn't let it change him. He was the same Forrest he was as a child ashe was after his accomplishments throughout his amazing life. There wasno greed. There was no revenge. There was no backstabbing. There was nohate. Just love. All he did throughout the film... was love.It is because of my thoughts on the film that truly make me reflect andwant to be more like Forrest. Despite hardships, disabilities, and hatepromoted everywhere he went, he rose above it all to maintain hisself-respect and his dignity. He chose not to let outside forces changewho he was within. I love him for that.To Tom Hanks, should he ever read this review: You did a splendid job.I wish words could express how much I truly enjoyed your portrayal ofthe great Forrest Gump, but all you need to know is that, as a child,it brought me joy and laughter. As an adult, it did it again, just indifferent ways. I commend you and I thank you.I guess it turns out that life is like a box of chocolates...