True Romance is an excellent and powerful classic that mixesAction,Romance and Crime Drama. Filled with great direction,a masterfulscreenplay by Quentin Tarantino,an amazing cast and a wonderfulsoundtrack,True Romance is Tony Scott and Quentin Tarantino at theirbest.True Romance tells the story of Clarence Worley(Christian Slater),acomic book store clerk who while out celebrating his birthday meets upwith a hooker named Alabama(Patricia Arquette). After one night ofromance and sex the two fall in love and get married. When Alabamawants to get out of her life as a hooker,Clarence decides to get herbriefcase of clothes only to discover that the briefcase of full ofbags of cocaine that belongs to the mob. Now,with Clarence and Alabamaheading to Los Angeles for their honeymoon,the couple have to deal withGangsters,Cops and tons of danger and violence.Released in 1993,True Romance is a classic film that despite beingdirected by Tony Scott,written by Quentin Tarantino and receiving ravereviews from critics was a Box Office failure and ignored by audiences.But thanks to the worldwide critical and Box Office success ofTarantino's masterpiece Pulp Fiction,True Romance was rediscovered byaudiences on home video and cable and became a Cult film and a classicand the praise is well deserved. True Romance is great film that justflawlessly mixes Action,Crime Drama and Romance all within two hoursand just grabs you by the throat until the very end. It's a film thatthrills and excites you with suspense,drama and Action and givesviewers a truly amazing and unforgettable cinematic experience that youwill never ever forget. It's a wild and unpredictable journey that issurreal and politically incorrect and it just stays with you after youwatch it. TR is a beautiful love story set in the dark world of drugsand violence and you see the great balance of a love story and the darkviolence that hangs over the film and that's what makes TR very cleverand original. Although TR was directed by Tony Scott,TR is truly aQuentin Tarantino film through and through. The screenplay by Tarantinois brilliant and unforgettable and has all of the trademarks that areoften associated with Tarantino's other films:pop culturereferences,sharp dialog,black Humor and memorable well-writtencharacters. The dialog and characters in the film are amazing,fresh andoriginal with each scene of the main characters and dialog just comingalive and explodes with fire and intensity. Each main character who'sin the film for a long or short period of time will stay with viewersbecause Tarantino's script and Scott's direction allow them too andeach main character commands the screen. Tarantino has said that TR ishis most personal screenplay and it is true with references to Kung Fufilms,love for movies and comic books and references to other films.Clarence and Alabama are great characters because they feel real andtrue and when you see Clarence and Alabama say that they love eachother it doesn't feel forced or fake but very romantic and powerful.And despite the violence and chaos all around them,Clarence and Alabamastand by each other. Clarence and Albama are two characters you won'tforget. The Action scenes in the film are great and brutal and thething that I love about each Action scene in the film is that there isgreat build up and suspense with dialog and when the dialog and buildup ends it explodes with violence. Tony Scott brings the same brutalviolence and cynical style he brought two years before in his Actionclassic The Last Boy Scout and does it without missing a beat. Theending of the film is amazing and when the ending happens it's veryexplosive and at the same time optimistic and truly beautiful for themain characters Clarence and Alabama. It's an amazing and wonderfulending that will make viewers smile and cheer and is a great cap off tothis classic film.The whole cast is masterful. Christian Slater and Patrica Arquette areexcellent and their best as Clarence and Alabama,with Slater andArquette bringing intensity,depth and great chemistry to their roles.Dennis Hopper is fantastic as Clifford Worley,Clarence's policemanFather. Val Kilmer is great as Clarence's Mentor in a yellow jacket wholike Clarence. Gary Oldman is brilliant as always in his small role asDetroit player Drexl Spivey,Alabama's pimp. Brad Pitt is hilarious andfun as Floyd,Dick's stoner roommate. Christopher Walken is wonderful asVincent Coccotti,a Detroit gangster. Bronson Pinchot(Elliot),MichaelRapaport(Dick Ritchie),James Gandolfini(RIP)(Virgil),Saul Rubinek(LeeDonowitz),Samuel L. Jackson(Big John),Chris Penn(RIP)(Nicky Dimes),TomSizemore(Cody Nicholson)and Anna Thomson(Lucy)give good performances aswell.The direction by Tony Scott is brilliant and stylish,with Scott usinggreat camera angles,harsh lighting giving the film a beautiful visualstyle while Scott also does a wonderful job with the Action scenes.Rest In Peace Tony Scott you are and were one of the greatest Actiondirectors of all time and you left the world too soon. RIP,Scott.The score by Hans Zimmer is beautiful,dark,light and romantic,withZimmer making the score beautiful and dramatic and matching each scenein the film. Great score by Zimmer.In final word,if you love Tony Scott,Quentin Tarantino,ActionFilms,Crime Dramas,Romantic love stories or films in general,I highlysuggest you see True Romance,an excellent and unforgettable classicthat you can watch again and again. Highly Recommended. 10/10.