Although it stands on its own, without the man, as an old-fashionedfestive comedy with a good heart, Will Ferrell still completely stealsevery scene. He completely carries Elf, giving a charming performancewith one foot in the spirit of Christmas and the other in cruelreality.He plays a human named Buddy who is accidentally brought back by Santa(Edward Asner, better known as Carl Fredrickson in the Pixar film Up)from an adoption centre one Christmas. He is then raised by Bob Newhartas a Christmas elf, from childhood until adulthood. Though naturally,being a human means Buddy can stand out from the crowd a teensy bit.When Buddy discovers he is a human, he sets out to Manhattan to findhis natural father (James Caan). Things don't go too well when Caanturns out to be a bit of an arsehole. And from then on it's afather-son story, with a love interest thrown in for good measure andthe natural Christmas spirit sprinkled on like sugar through-out.But unless you're 6 or younger, you'll probably notice that the storydoesn't really matter. As stated before, it's all Will Ferrell's movie,and he welcomely never stops chewing the scenery. He's terrificallyfunny while also never forgetting he's in a Christmas movie. What'sgreat is that we all can tell Ferrell is aware his character isignorant of the cruel reality of present-day Manhattan (which sets upsome very funny routines), and he does the very best he can with thematerial, in a truly hilarious performance.As for the other actors, they do their job. None of them really shine,but they all give satisfactory performances, and every one of themgenerously lets Ferrell steal each scene he's in. The scenes withoutFerrell are rather tedious at times (particularly the scenes with Caanworking in his office, which are likely to make children fast-forwardto Buddy 's next scene), but they keep the story moving along.The only major complaint is the ending, which for me is far too cheesy.Apart from one amusing send-up of the Patterson-Gimlin Bigfoot film,there are barely any jokes in the third act. It's the bit whichrevolves around "pure Christmas spirit", and this would have beenabsolutely fine with me if it wasn't such a sudden change of tone forthe film. Going from funny comedy to sugary Christmas schmaltz in thespace of two minutes is, for me, a bit of a letdown, but theChristmassy feeling is there so it's not a massive complaint.Overall, Elf is a delightful seasonal comedy which has the Christmasspirit while also benefiting greatly from Ferrell's very funnyperformance. It may not be brilliant, but with its golden-oldiessoundtrack and all-around festive feel, I hope it'll be recognised as aholiday classic in decades to come.