Whenever I see previews for a romantic-comedy involving Hugh Grant,usually I automatically make a mental note to not see that film. Butthis movie just felt different than the usual sappy smooch flick. That,combined with a high IMDb rating, provoked me to see this one.Love Actually is a romantic comedy that thoughtfully shows differentpeople (of different race, age, etc.) that are all involved in somepredicament with love during the time around Christmas (unofficiallyValentine's Day's long, lost brother). Love throws so many twists andcurve balls at every individual in this movie. Yet each characterattempts to rebound and step up to get what they can.For one, it was fortunate to be blessed with a great cast with greatdirection. Even Hugh Grant (to an extent) is believable. There's somegreat character development which is brilliantly pulled off,considering the amount of characters. They all wonderfully demonstrateso many natural emotions that are a result of love- whether they aresuccessful or not. There's bound to be at least one character thatyou'll find yourself relating to by the end of the movie.The writing is great. It lacks all that sappy cheesiness usually foundin these movies. It's very sincere and true. Even clever, at times. Itall seems to mesh perfectly with the acting- the mark of a good film.Music adds so much to a movie- and this movie got a huge help from thegreat audio selections. Everything from a in-movie cover of "All YouNeed is Love" to occasional Beach Boys tracks. These feel-good songsreally put a lot of emphasis on how great love can really can be.This movie is a true gem and a must-see. I wish there could be moremovies like this one; a movie that really finds a solid, pleasantsubject-matter (in this case, love) and sticks to it. It never deviatesfrom it. I usually stray away from most romantic-comedies because I'msingle and get irritated at how much most movies from that genre rubromance in your face. But this movie does it in a way which leaves youhopeful and satisfied. You feel good about yourself. And therefore, Istrongly recommend this movie to anyone.9 out of 10.