Often times when a movie comes from source material such as a novelthat did well, the people who were fans of the book end up not likingthe movie as much. Sometimes those same fans even end up hating themovie, or not even giving it a chance by seeing it. Such was the case,that I already knew the ending of Nicholas Sparks's novel even before Igot into the theater. Let me clear up though, that the best thing aboutthe film was that I ended up getting wrapped in the story on thescreen, rather than sitting there thinking to myself what part of thestory should be coming next. That is what makes a great adaptation,when you can get lost in the story, and forget about your thoughts, orwhat is going on in the outside world. Not only that, but the filmsoared past any expectations that I had for it from the start too, bybeing very well Directed and acted. Best known for his acting credits, Nick Cassavetes was tapped to directthis film. His past experience, which didn't consist of very many filmsincludes the Denzel Washington film John Q. This was not going to be aneasy task for him though, because the story was built on us believingthe love that the main characters of the film would be showing wasreal. It?s not as easy as it sounds, and some films (like Star WarsPart 2), end up making the audience laugh, rather than feel what thecharacters are feeling. He did a great job, and helped put together agreat cast for this film that would end up including Ryan Gosling,Rachel McAdams, James Garner, and Joan Allen. All actors who have foundtheir niches before, and were brought in to this film to help carry thestory. Gosling is best known for his role as "Richie", one of the kids, inMurder By Numbers. He brings a great innocence to the role of NoahCalhoun in the film, one of the two main characters. Rachel McAdamsplays the other half of the duo as Allie Hamilton. She was actually oneof the leads (Regina George) in an earlier Summer movie, Mean Girls. Atthe heart of this film the couple represents the love story that isbeing told by James Garner's character. He reads from a book , thestory of the two lovers as they go through everything life has tooffer. Gena Rowlands plays the lady that he is reading to, and she getsas wrapped up in the story as we do, as he progresses from chapter tochapter in the novel he is reading. Garner was perfect for this role,and shows his narrating skills as he explains how the two of them live. Meanwhile, in the story, Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutestscenes of the movie. He sees her at a carnival, and knows right awaythat he wants to be with her. He does not know quite why at first, andall he can say is that something inside of him is drawing him to her.He convinces her to give him a chance, and she eventually agrees togive him the date that he seeks. What progresses from there is a Summerromance that goes through all of the emotions that we all haveexperienced before. What makes it even more real, is that it is notplayed off as if every single moment is perfect between the two ofthem. It depicts that they do have fights, that they do havedisagreements, but that they do have a love that is stronger than anyof that. This is what made the romance real for me. Everyone knows,that in real life we can't have a relationship where everything worksout perfectly, or where everyone agrees on everything. The romance blossoms, but a problem exists that could spell trouble.Noah is from a one- parent family, and sees himself working at alumber-yard for the better part of his life. He says that he has foundhis place in life, and this is what the "cards" have planned for him.Allie on the other hand, come from a very well-off family, and is beingbrought up in a rich societal circle. Her family is spending her 17thSummer in the small town by the sea, and first comes across Noah bypure coincidence. The romance between them is kept under wraps forquite a while, until her parents find out. The mother immediatelythinks that is should end, but the father feels that it is just asummer "thing" that will come to an end rather quickly. That is, untilshe is out late one night with Noah, and he takes the side of his wife.They see no future between their daughter and this "boy", and take heraway from him the first chance they get. That coupled with the outbreak of World War II keeps them apart for acouple of years, and the story really gets underway. Will their love beable to endure the separation, or will one of them move on to somethingthat is easier in their own lives? The story becomes an epic of itsown, as its starts to split time between the story being read, and thestory of Garner and Rowlands living in the present day. This is what Ilove about films like these, as we are given the opportunity to enjoytwo different stories going on at the same time. The love shown by Noahand Allie is something that envelopes us, and it makes us forget aboutthe current story. By going back and forth, we are able to look forwardto where each of the two stories is going. All of it leads to an endingof each story that is both very enjoyable, and very emotional at thesame time. As I said before, sometimes a book can fail to transition to film. Thisis not one of those cases, as the movie instead becomes its own entity.Both stories have great chemistry between the characters at the centerof them. It is amazing just how well the actors/actresses in the partsplay their roles, and just how much we as an audience start to careabout their lives. As it progresses, we truly care about what willhappen to the main characters, and we have in our own minds how we wantthings to turn out. It is that type of film, where we start to becomepart of the story, and want them to act or say something specific, thattruly makes a great story. Even though this is a movie that is heavilygeared to lovers of romance novels, this is a film that I found veryenjoyable. I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters,or purchasing it when it hits DVD, because it has everything that isneeded for a truly great love story.