What I appreciated most about Love Actually was that for the most part,itrealistically looks at relationships happy and sad, successful andunsuccessful, with a future and without.  It addresses different formsandlevels of love, sometimes straightforward and carefree, sometimes complexand contradictory.  There are schmaltzy happy moments and touching sadones,moments of great strength and moments of foolish weakness.  The movie ismade up of many threads, and of course some threads are stronger thanothers.The most interesting parts of Love Actually are the times when itaddressesthe tragic situations where love is self-sacrificing, contradictory, orfragile.  One character's unrequited love is revealed as a noblesacrificemade for another's happiness (the method of finally achieving closure andmoving on, however, could only work in the movies).  Another character isshown to be caught between conflicting duties that will, we are led tobelieve, prevent her from ever being truly happy.  And the strength thatathird shows when love is shown to be fragile and her world collapsesaroundher is tragically inspiring.These noble, tragic threads are interwoven with lighthearted comedic onestoproduce a fabric that holds together well.  While some characters have tofight for their love, others have simple, happy, straightforwardrelationships, with love (or whatever) falling in their laps like aparcelfrom Santa Claus.  And the purely comic moments, like Rowan Atkinson'sappearances and Hugh Grant's Christmas-caroling bodyguard, are delightfulinand of themselves.There are of course plenty of nits to pick.  Hugh Grant doesn't make averybelievable Prime Minister, and even his very pointed speech to hisAmericancounterpart -- especially relevant in light of Bush's recent state visittoEngland -- don't redeem the odd casting.  Others in this forum havecommented on the number of fat jokes in the film, and while I agree, IfeelI should point out that the entire point of the first such joke is thatthecharacter who has fallen for the "fat" girl clearly doesn't think of herasfat, and doesn't understand at first who the other is talking about.It'strue that calling her fat is ridiculous; she's only large in comparisontoKeira Knightley, who must be carrying some vital organs around in herhandbag because there's certainly not enough room in her torso!  But thatone time would have been enough; the "fat" theme gets tiresome later oninthe movie.  I also agree with those who have said that much of the nudityiscompletely unnecessary to the plot, and that at least some of the comedicthreads in the movie are formulaic and unoriginal.In the end, I feel that Love Actually is for the most part a thoughtfulandentertaining look at relationships, which does not shy away from takingthebad with the good.