I do love Christmas movies, always a sucker for them even if the styleand story is not new or different. Elf does bring some new story to thetypical Christmas movie but for the most part it's same old, same oldwhich for someone who loves the Christmas movie is great!!Unfortunately I am not a fan of Will Ferrell, okay granted I thoughtNight At The Roxbury was pretty funny but everything else since thenhas been horrid. Nonetheless with Elf Ferrell finally finds somethingthat suits his completely child like annoying behavior and his overacting actually suits the character.Elf is the story of an orphan who accidentally makes his way intoSanta's magical bag on Christmas Eve as a baby. When Santa discovershim he puts him in the care of the elves, in particular Papa Elf. Theelves raise him as one of their own despite his size difference and afew other more human traits he is raised to believe he is just anotherElf. Buddy as he is known has now reached the age that Papa Elfbelieves he should know the truth, especially considering that Buddyhas a real father, alive and well who didn't even know he existed.Buddy is excited about making his way to New York City to meet his realfather. He travels from the safe land of The North Pole where he knowsand understands everything into the brutal modern world of New YorkCity. Buddy sticks out like a sore thumb, and not just because of hisgreen elf costume he insists on wearing but his politeness, hisfascination with the simple annoyances of life, and his insistence thathe is truly an elf from the North Pole. He finally tracks down his realfather, Walter, a big time children's book publicist who spends moretime working than with his wife and other son. Buddy tries to explainthat he is Walter's son but Walter has him removed from the building.After being kicked out Buddy meets a friend in Jovie, a rather down onher luck Gimble's worker who plays an Elf for the Christmas season.Although first rather nervous about Buddy she begins to warm up to hischildlike innocence. Buddy continues to do all he can to get back tosee his Dad and eventually with a blood test Walter discovers thisrather imbalanced man is indeed his son. Walter's wife Emily insiststhat Buddy stay with him. Buddy does everything he can to spreadChristmas cheer and turn everything more "Christmas-y" wherever hegoes. Unfortunately his ignorance to the real world infuriates Walterand he just wants Buddy to go away but both his wife and other son havebecome very attached to Buddy. Buddy tries his hand at working withWalter, which causes disaster, and eventually Buddy finds himself allalone until Santa has a bit of a disaster himself and crashes thesleigh into Central Park. The sleigh won't fly because their is noChristmas spirit left. Fortunately Buddy has touched enough people'slives for Jovie and Emily and Michael to bring Christmas spirit backfor everyone including Walter who finally realizes what is important.Buddy will save Christmas for everyone!! Buddy is a great Christmas character. His naivety and ignorance isfunny but touching and cute. Ferrell actually does manage to pull thatoff thank goodness. Although I don't know if they make Buddy pureenough that it actually comes across that he is touching these people'slives. The real laughs are with the physical comedy in the film, mostlyentirely done by Ferrell but it's very funny. James Caan is so out ofplace and yet so perfect for the role of Walter. He fits in but doesn'tat all which is kind of strange. Bob Newhart as the narrator and PapaElf is also a great little cameo. And the great Ed Asner as bit rougharound the edges but very caring Santa is also great. Zooey Deschanelas Buddy's love interest Jovie is a good choice. Although at first shedoesn't seem like the right pick they actually have decent chemistryand she plays her role with a lot of depth for the short time she gets.Director Jon Favreau does a good job of creating something I actuallycompared to the amazing classic Miracle on 34th Street. Much of thisfilm reminded me of a more updated modern version of that film which isa great honor. While I don't think Elf has the staying power it's stilla cute little Christmas film with a tolerable Will Ferrell and a goodfamily film. Pick it up this Christmas or even if you just feel likebeing in the Christmas Spirit. 8.5/10