Minor spoilersThe title of the movie, in full, is Love Actually Is All Around, which tellsit all. It's an amalgamation of many stories, with a common theme, love. Ofthis type of movies (I don't think it's big enough to be called a genre),the one I like best is Playing By Heart (1998) which, by comparison, has alittle bit more to offer in stories, characters and coherence, as well as abrilliant coup in the end that ties everything together neatly. LoveActually is nevertheless an enjoyable movie, particularly in the holidayseason. Also, a movie with British accents is always a refreshingexperience, even though it is not a Shakespeare, Shaw or Wilde adaptation.For me, the movie starts with a powerful vampire (I just saw Underworld aweek ago). Bill Nighy, considered by many as the best of the lot in thismovie, is however not the whole show. What I would like to do is to rank thestories/relationships in the movie by purely personal preference.1.  The love story in which language barrier is demolishedThe relationship between Jamie (Colin Firth) and Aurelia (Lucia Moniz) isone of beauty in simplicity. The play with the language barrier is quiteclever. Firth, who played a marvellous Jack in The Importance of BeingErnest, is all sincerity and gentleness here. Don't know how they discoveredMoniz, but her exquisite charm is quite irresistible. Together, they makethe most beautiful pair (visually and romantically) in this movie, and getmy gold.2.  Friendship is love, and love is friendship   The silver I award to a pair of business partners who, unknowingly until thesparkle of Christmas magic, has become life-long, loyal friends. Theambitious title of the movie simply cannot be fulfilled without a couple ofold guys having a few beers on Christmas eve in front of a TV setwatching??.whatever (the movie says porno, but an NFL or European Cup gamewill do just as well). Must not forget to mention the outstandingperformance of Bill Nighy.  	3.  The `self-preservation' silent, unspoken loveThis is a bit of a dark horse choice for bronze, but I do find Mark's(Andrew Lincoln) silent devotion to Juliet (Keira Knightley) ratheraffecting. Maybe it is because of the scene at Christmas Eve, his one andonly attempt, in a somewhat clumsy but at the same time cute way, to expresshis love to lovely Juliet. 4.  Father and stepsonHad this been father and son, this would have much less impact. Unrelated byblood and probably starting as total strangers, Daniel (Liam Neeson) and Sam(Thomas Sangster) develop a bond and relationship that grew initially out ofa mutual love they shared, and then a mutual love they lost. Funny ratherthan tear-jerking, warm rather than sympathy-courting, the relationshipbetween this pair is nevertheless touching in many ways. Acting is great:Neeson, yes; but the boy!!5.  Middle life crisisThe story of Harry (Alan Rickman) and Karen (Emma Thompson) is probablyplayed out every single minute around the world, through a couple ofcenturies. What makes it stand out here is superb acting, sensitivetreatment and a forgiving spirit befitting the Yuletideseason.6.  Prime minister's fling`Youth must have its fling' is favourite G&S lyrics, used in both The Mikadoand The Pirates of Penzance. The Prime Minister in Love Actually, however,despite Hugh Grant's youthful look, does not exactly fit the description of`youth'. Fling he must have, anyway, with housemaid Natalie (MartineMcCutcheon). Besides being way overdone since Pretty Woman, the reason whythis Cinderella story doesn't sell me is that McCutcheon I do not findparticularly appealing. Given a very similar situation, I would preferJennifer Lopez in Maid in Manhattan any day.  7.  The inexplicable obstacleThe story of shy Sarah (Laura Linney) and almost-as-shy Karl (RodrigoSantoro) would have ranked much, much higher, especially after that magicaldance that many of us will relate to, with treasured personal references.It's as if the scriptwriters can't bear the idea of having all the storiesend happily, even when Christmas is all around. Otherwise, how on earth canit be explained that a sister's devotion to an emotionally handicappedbrother can come between such a beautiful love affair. It's an insult to thetwo characters, as well as to the audience.8.  The love god in the wild, wild west Colin (Kris Marshall) the love god's is a farce that this movie can do withor without. In Christmas spirit, I'd say we keep it.Finally, I would just like to mention that there is a great deal ofreferences in this movie, particular to the music of the 60's and 70's, fromthe unabashed used of `Both Sides Now' to the subtle mention of `AloneAgain, Naturally'. It's a pity that they don't actually play this ballad byGilbert O'Sullivan, one of the most beautiful songs everwritten.