This movie is such tripe that I now understand why a movie that wassupposed to be so good did so poorly at the box office. Because thegeneral public knows an over-hyped, shallow, vulgar, piece of crapmasking as 'romantic comedy' when it sees it. I should have known that something was up when the credits were barelyover & Hugh Grant is narrating about love and how there really is somuch love in the world and that we just don't notice it and then heremarks on how the victims of the World Trade Center when they weremaking their last phone calls to family had nothing but love in theirhearts not hatred which is probably true but seemed a very strangechoice to use in the beginning of a romantic comedy. Apparently it wasa portent of things to come.The movie shoves characters and story lines into our faces without anystory development and then expects us to care as every clichéd trick inthe book is used to squeeze an emotion out of us. My primary emotionthroughout the movie was disgust. On top of this was coarse language totally out of place in a quote unquote light romantic comedy.So many story lines throwing so much out at us and we're supposed to beamused and engaged by all of this. As usual with "multi" story lines, after the first story is presented,the rest only serve to interrupt and distract or force the audience nomatter how unwillingly to choose which storyline they prefer.It's a shame about the movie. There are some good story lines, somefine performances, Laura Linney in particular but again, the movie justjumps in without warming up it's audience so that by the time startsreaching it's dramatic peaks, you're too p***ed to care.And now we get to really bad part of the movie. Hugh Grant practicallydoing a parody of his on screen self is absolutely, atrociously bad asnone other than the Prime Minster of England.He's totally unbelievablein the role.Billy Bob Thorton as President of the United States in a cameo rolegives another great performance as a sleazy Clinton-esqe type.Unfortunately the film also includes a rather silly scene where HughGrant as the Prime Minister at a press conference with Billy Bob'sPresident makes a rather dumb statement to the press about how the UKis although a small country, a great one and the US has been a bigbully so the UK is going to be tough too. Seriously. This is presented as a serious political "moment" in the film. Besidesthe fact that the political statement is totally out of place in thefilm and besides the fact that UK's Prime Minister is standing strongand tall as an ally of the US despite criticism in his own country,besides all this, it's just another incredibly stupid moment in thefilm. This is one very strange movie.