Sorry, folks, but I'm getting the impression that the people on herewho just loved this movie are a bunch of 16 year old girls who haven'ta clue as to what makes a good movie - they just see this "really cuteguy" on the screen and it's instantly SO romantic!!!First of all, I really do love romantic movies - but well made ones. Ilike ones where the acting is good, the writing is not trite andamateurish, the characters are believable and likable. I like the kindof romantic movies where I actually CARE what happens to the lovers. Icould not have cared less about Noah and whatever the chick's name was(i saw it last night, and i've already forgotten her name). I thoughtthe actor who played him was hideous - he mumbled his words andbasically just walked through the part. The girl was irritating ashell. I just did not see or feel ANY chemistry between them - Icouldn't see what she saw in him and I certainly couldn't see what hesaw in her, her personality drove me nuts. and I kept wondering - whatdid Noah actually do for a living to support himself as an adult? Imean, you can't renovate a house like that for FREE - and you certainlycan't make a living by renovating your own house all day. So many things didn't make sense or were so unbelievable to me:1. Why did Noah keep showing his house, then when he had theopportunity to sell it, he kept turning the buyers down? Either decideto sell it or not, but wishy washy behavior was weak. 2. Sorry, I'm 45years old and I have NEVER seen or known a man to pine away for yearsover some girl he met when he was 17 years old to the point where hebecomes a drunk and has passionless relationships with other terrificwomen (as did Noah with the very beautiful and sweet widow, who franklyseemed to have more substance to her than his ditzy old girlfriend). Imean, REAL men move on... 3. Speaking of moving on, it didn't seem realhard for the girl (still can't remember her name) to move on to anotherman. And why not? He was smart, sweet, successful, mature, thoughtful,hardworking, loving, handsome - everything mature women really want.But no, the girl really wanted some apparently unemployed, immature kidwith a constant hang-dog expression on his face. I mean, come on, thisrevealed to me that the girl was extremely immature "i love you..but Ilove him too!!!" Perhaps they deserved each other after all! 4. OK,we're supposed to believe that the mother was STILL crying over someday laborer guy she broke up with 25 years earlier to marry a rich,handsome, nice man? Oh, please. Were we REALLY supposed to feel sorryfor her as she boo-hood into her hankie saying "boo hoo, I keepwondering what would've happened if I had married him instead of yourfather. Boo hoo". You wanna know what would've happened if she HADmarried the day laborer? She would've have been BITCHIN in the trailerpark to her husband, "you lazy, drunk A$$hole! I coulda married a richman, but No, I had to let my "heart" lead me and now I'm poor andmarried to a filthy day laborer!!" Most likely, she wouldn't have hadthe fancy car to even drive by the mansion where the rich man she"coulda married" lived! Nor would she have had the well-dressed, SarahLawrence-educated daughter with her to boo hoo to.5. Hmmm, by my calculation, her daughter was 25 years old when hermother drove her to see the laborer at work...I kept expecting toFINALLY see a twist, a surprise in the movie. I thought the mother wasgoing to confess that the day laborer was really her daughter'sfather!! But no, the writer decided to have EVERY aspect of this movie100% predictable.I can't waste anymore time for this movie - I couldn't believe howpredictable it was (hell, I figured it out while reading the DVDdescription!), how i didn't care about any of the characters, how tritethe dialog was, a la "Do you think our love can make miracles happen?",how bad the acting was...Hey, I'm a softy as much as the next woman - movies like Casablanca, MyDog Skip, The Enchanted Cottage, Big Fish, Mr. Hollands Opus make mecry and cry. But this movie was not even SAPPY, just CRAPPY.