Since the film came and went faster than Mike Tyson's fortunes, I'm notrevealing anything that will ruin it for you, because only the openingcredits will fail to disappoint you.When one bills a film as a comedy, the crowd brings a certainexpectation into the theater, and that expectation was not met by thisclinker. Stephen King novels have more laughs than this film.Let's start off with the first big guffaw, the death of Liam Neeson'swife. Neeson is painfully incapable of finishing the eulogy then spendsthe next ten minutes trying to explain the inexplicable to his son. Atthat point I asked my date if this was a comedy or a modern remake ofHamlet with the loss of a wife inserted for the loss of his father? Iwas hissed into silence by someone wearing a black duster and an air ofimportance.Laura Linney was next in the docket. Her special agony was aninstitutionalized brother for whom she was responsible, whose constantcalls and cries for attention kept her from ever having a relationship.The echoes down the emotional hall were so insistent that she couldn'teven get a leg up after a boozy holiday party. She ached fromdisappointment, and we ached for her. I nodded to the know it all inthe duster, because I just knew that Neelson' eulogy was not the funnypart and Laura Linney's personal hell was not the funny part, the funnypart was on the way.You know the English... their humor is subdued. I was being set up fora Monty Python second act. Or so I thought...It was Emma Thompson's turn take her fair share of holiday abuse.Blessed with this wonderful woman and beautiful children and a terrificjob, her husband ignores all that and decides to chuck it all for anoffice trollop. He goes shopping and brings home a piece of jewelrythat Emma discovers in his coat pocket, assumes it's for her, butthere's no joy on Xmas eve... the jewelry is not under the tree, it'sdestined for another and Emma's heart ends up in the punch bowl. Heragony outstrips Laura Linney's. I could go on, but let's just say thatthe laughs never started.The writer/director lurches into his third act by calling a perfectlyfine young lady a "cow" because she was not pencil thin - something mydate bristled at - then tried to redeem himself by having Hugh Grant -as the PM - go door to door in a working class neighborhood looking forher. He accompanies the family to a Xmas play where he steals a kissbehind the curtains and gets caught in mid-smooch when the curtainsopen. What a device. What a surprise. I was more surprised the eighthtime I saw "Our Town" at the middle school down the street.Did you forget about Liam Neeson's family? The writer almost did, thenhe realized that he'd needed to tidy up. He had Liam's son develop athing for an American teenager in London, and of course he has a caseof lock jaw when he's around her. Somehow the kid recovers his will andraces through Heathrow to catch up to her and reveals his heart beforethe Xmas bells stop pealing. Bet you never saw that coming...To sum up, there was very little romance and even less comedy. For aromantic comedy, that's a problem.Four Weddings and a Funeral was a good film. With all due respect givento the writer's considerable and previously demonstrated talents, thiswas as poorly conceived and poorly written as any film I've ever seen.