I think most of the folks who rated this movie between 1 and 3 starshave pretty much nailed the reasons why this film was bad-to-mediocre.Ryan Gosling looked and sounded like he was straight out of L.A. Handsdown the worst casting in the movie. Gosling seemed like he *might* beable to act in a movie with a title like, say, "Hey, Dude, Wha's Up",but that's about it. The guy has the energy of a turnip. At one point,I thought he might possibly be a step away from being stoned.Gosling's character's on screen relationship with Rachel McAdamsappeared to be relatively chemistry-free. But that might also have beendue to the lame script. Some of the lines were hard to take seriously.Still, it would have been nice if Gosling, in particular, had tried. The movie reminded of a Hallmark Hall of Fame production, but withpoorer production values. And the film seemed to be about the '30s and'40s as imagined by someone contemporary. Hence, there is no hesitancyabout a woman sleeping with someone she barely knows (and to whom sheis not married), blacks and whites cheerfully intermingleeverywhere--this contemporization of a much earlier era wasdistracting. Also, I never understood why Allie falls for Noah in the first place.Noah is an immature doof--endangering himself and others on the ferriswheel, talking to Allie later on like a would-be stalker, and then,when they do go out, lying in the middle of the street. And when Allietells Noah she doesn't want to lie in the middle of the intersection,Noah pulls the manipulative old, "Your problem is you just don't letyour self have any fun." Maybe her problem, Noah, is that she has common sense and you don't? According to the young lovers, all they do is fight. And they havenothing in common. But hey, as the movie shows us, they're physicallyattracted to each other. And that is enough to produce a great andenduring love. Now there's a wonderful message to send the teenage girls who must bewatching this film.And finally, the movie shows Allie's fiancé, Lon, as a wonderful guy.Mature, hard-working, with a string of virtues already mentioned byanother IMDb poster. And Allie is in love with him. I cannot fathom whyshe would be more attracted to Noah, with whom she argues and hasnothing in common (except sexual attraction, evidently).I did think James Garner did a decent job with the script he was given.But it was all too little too late.