I must stress to you my belief in that the 'romantic comedy' is prettymuch the worst creation of mankind. Some may argue that religion or theatom bomb are more destructive but the romcom (ugh!) is consistentproof that the public are idiots willing to fork over cash multipletimes for the same old, same old crap. We very rarely get a sincereromance film, they kinda died out in the forties and have struggled forbreath since.I liked A Walk to Remember a lot and felt obliged to check this out(because it's from a book by the same writer). That obligation turnedout to be quite rewarding as this sober, mature film was everythingzillion dollar attempts to make us cry (I'm subtly referencing PearlHarbor) were not. It's all about character and the guts and imaginationto tell a good story.Noah is a simple 17-year-old lumberyard worker. He's cocky, arrogantbut very good-natured and he quickly attaches himself to Allie, a girlfrom the city, from Old Money and a fussy family who condemn herrelationship with Noah. This is all told in flashback as old Noah(James Garner) reads from his book of youthful memories. Yes, this partis nothing original but the conviction by the cast make itastonishingly real and believable. The performances all round (butespecially from Gosling and Rachel McAdams) give The Notebook a strongedge over most attempts at romance. You can literally feel their urgefor each other and are involved with them all the way. 'Will she orwon't she' plot lines have been done to agonising death so credit mustbe given Nick Cassavetes (who you'll probably best remember as CastorTroy's bald pal from Face/Off) for pulling it off so eloquently.I strongly recommend that you give The Notebook a try. Even if your ahardened 300-pound muscle-man who's afraid to love it's still worth it.But I must warn you, if your the kind of person who breaks down inuncontrollable crying at the end of Bicentennial Man (err...) you mustknow that The Notebook ends very similarly. So if your lip quiverseasily, watch it alone.The DVD is in gorgeous-looking 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen thatperfectly shows off the wonderful cinematography and warm color palletof the film. The Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is most unsophisticated butconsidering the nature of the film, that is to be expected. Extrasinclude, 2 Commentaries by director Nick Cassavetes and writer NicholasSparks, 12 Deleted Scenes, featurettes on Cassavetes and Sparks,'Locating The Notebook' Featurette, Casting Noah and Allie Featurette,Rachel McAdams Screen Test and the Trailer.