This was one movie I watched with lots of expectations thinking that aBritish romcom might be much better than a Hollywood one and had to sitthrough endless hours of watching every cliché unroll in the mostexcruciating manner. Thinking back, what annoys me about the movie are several things.1)what stupid plot lines! The Brit P.M, for instance has only threehousehold staff to meet, doesn't seem to care anything about diplomacyin handling international relations and seems to have more time on hishands than even a Minister has and should have.To top it all, thespeech he gave on the merits of Britain boasting of Shakespeare toHarry Potter was so stupid that at first i thought he was having adream.The little boy's love story was so annoying i don't even want togo into it. And don't get me started on the Brit who went to Americaand got all the American girls with his cute Brit accent. when thatstory started,stupid me, i thought "oh this jerk is going to come backand fall in love with one of the Brit girls he so despises". That wouldhave been predictable, but not this stupid n pointless. The emmathompson- rickman plot had some promise, but such a waste of goodactors. Adultery gets the"oh, just get on with it!" treatment that thedeath of the wife in the other plot gets.2) why do when lovers meet, u need the whole world as the audience?when the p.m kisses the maid (conveniently on the stage), he has anaudience to watch. so does Colin Firth's character when he proposeswith the whole town watching anxiously and needing the "Yes" to betranslated as well. How romantic! And the little boy has to confess hislove in a crowded airport. How cute! Grrr!3)What was the need of even attempting to bring these stories together?There was no meeting point. Emma Thompson conveniently turns out to beGrant's sister, one about whom he doesn't seem to bother that much,going by the movie. In fact, in the last scene when Firth comes backwith his girlfriend, and Keira Knightley, Thompson n all meet him, iwas thinking, "Do they know each other?" and only then did the veryconvenient wedding scene (which could have done with a lot of editing)come to my mind.I know I am repeating the word convenient many times,but that was what it was, everything was so convenient and so clichéd. After watching the movie, i thought Curtis had unconsciously, in a sortof postmodern twist, given away the way the movie was going to be, thruthat "crappy" Christmas song where the word "love" is replaced with"Christmas". Here was a movie, trying to talk about love at Christmasand turned out to be neither here nor there and was as the lines went,replacing the word "care" suggested by something so beautiful andvaried as love by one stupid "show" of love.