I had expected from this film a relatively undistinguished, harmlesslittle romantic comedy. What instead unfolded was two-plus hours of themost unremitting, insulting, film clichés imaginable.The film consists of nine simultaneously-running subplots. Each subplotmanages to be absurdly implausible, yet predictable at every turn.Among the worst: One tracked a geeky fellow who was convinced that the way to turn hisromantic life around was to impress American girls with his Englishaccent. Each scene of that plot consisted of something like thefollowing: "I'm going off to the US, where the chicks will think I'm a coollysophisticated Brit!" (His friend): "You're crazy!""California girls here I come!" "Stop!" And so on.And on.In the "payoff" scene, at film's end, he does, in fact, bag three hotAmerican girls in a bar. Why this scene was worth endless repetitionalong the way is a mystery.Another similarly repetitive plot involved two people performingtogether in a porn film. They strike up a conversation and startforming a tentative relationship. The "joke" is that these strangersare being sexually intimate, yet are acting like awkward teenagers asthey stumble their way to going out on a date. They're porn stars, butthey're shy! Isn't that funny? Ho ho ho! This might have an amusingone-five-minute-scene joke, but this film stretches into a film-longsubplot, complete with the male rejoicing over getting a good-nightkiss from his new love. Barf.Perhaps the worst one involved Colin Firth. Betrayed early in the film,he's heartbroken. He is assigned a non-English-speaking housekeeper,whom it takes exactly two seconds to discern will be his romanticsalvation. This subplot builds to a supposedly climactic scene where he, with abig crowd in tow, descends upon a restaurant where she works, topropose marriage. He awkwardly declares his love, shots of all of theother diners looking confused and expectant, she says yes, theneveryone breaks out in applause and there isn't a dry eye to be found.Argh. This film didn't even bother to construct a buildup to this climacticmoment. The two characters have barely a few verbal exchanges prior tothis scene. And the film uses all of the other clichés: her brusque Mediterraneanfather in the crowd, her sister egging her on, etc. None of thesepeople were actually developed characters. They are just insultingstereotypes thrown in for the final set piece.In another subplot, Hugh Grant plays a newly elected British PrimeMinister. He doesn't bother to act differently from the way he normallydoes, the same stammering, yet somehow debonair, Hugh Grant characterthat he always plays.He walks in off the street to 10 Downing, and is introduced to hisstaff, one of whom, again, can immediately be identified as hiseventual love interest. Power Prime Minister falls for humble servantgirl -- how romantic! Who would have thought?The Prime Minister's scenes seem to have scripted by a 10-year-old.It's hard to depict politics or diplomacy more childishly than mostmainstream films do, but this film manages. Grant is shown meeting withhis Cabinet, with dialogue along the lines of: "Mr. Prime Minister, you really need to get tough with thoseAmericans." "No, I don't think I will. Like it or not, America is the most powerfulcountry in the world, so I think we'll just have to be nice to them." Yes, it's about that sophisticated. But soon the evil Americans show up, led by Billy Bob Thornton, lookinghickish and sinister, another example of the film's relentlesscaricaturing. There is soon a negotiating scene that goes somethinglike: (Americans, haughtily): "We will be continuing the policies of theprevious Administration." (Brits): "But they are bad policies!"But the Americans won't bend, so "bad" policies it will be. (Ah, thesimple logic of film. Let's have good policies instead of bad ones --Brilliant!)Later, when in private discussions with President Billy Bob, Grantsteps out and returns to find the Prez nuzzling his housekeeper. So,the Americans are not only unreasonable negotiators but lechers, too!At the next press conference, Hugh's backbone stiffens, he emphaticallydeclares that the Brits aren't going to be pushed around anymore.Cut to shots of applauding, grateful Brits, wiping tears from theireyes. No kidding.The writing is adolescent from start to finish. Supposedly aboutromance, it was about anything but: It was about how many times thewriter/director could haul out the same tiresome, insulting,manipulative stereotypes and syrupy music.The film begins with shots of people embracing at airports. It's aclue. The writer likes the image of love, but isn't terribly interestedin what goes into it.We have a new plague among screenwriters: Richard Curtis. He also gaveus Four Weddings and a Funeral, which was similarly, though not quiteas spectacularly, awful.Is it really the case that filmgoers will find such dreck droll andclever if only it is dressed up with a British accent? There seems tobe no other explanation for this man continuing to be given financialbacking.