It cannot be denied, The Notebook is one of the most successful moviesof the modern era. When people list off their favourite movies, TheNotebook finds its place somewhere between 1st place and 3rd. Myopinion, The Notebook is one of the most boring, corny and overratedmovies of all time!When I first saw this movie on DVD, I had a different ending to otherswhere the old people don't die in the end. People say this is thereason why I don't like the movie. I reply with "So you only like themovie because the two old people die in the end?" That's like sayingthat Jack dying at the end of Titanic is greater than the movie itself,which is a load of absolute cr*p. The story is dull and boring and repetitive and takes bits and piecesfrom all different love stories and throws them together to create 2hours of a nauseating love story. The two main characters have nochemistry what-so-ever...and for all you people who gasped when youfound out that the old couple was actually Noah and Rachel McAdams(can't even remember the characters name it was so boring) .. if youwere actually paying attention to the movie you would have realized itwas obvious not even halfway into the movie instead of "awwing" overthe characters like a child going gooey over a fluffy bunny.The fact that this movie has turned into a "Notebook" religion ishorrible. -I loved it! -Its soo sweet. -Its so sad.When my friend Cait and I switched it on and expected to be sobbing ourhearts out by the last act, we were mortified to find that this praisedmovie was nothing than your usual chick flick that usually just scrapsthe line of your average telemovie.The movie is a joke. I have to stifle laughter when I see trailers forthe movie because it is simply a chick flick with a twist ... a longerduration. Please watch this movie and don't sheep it, sit there and ACTUALLYwatch it! Block out the praising and see it for itself ... its nothingspecial, its not sweet, its not romantic... there is NOTHING memorableabout this movie but somewhat everyone seems to go ga-ga over the verytitle. Notebook schmotebook, if i'm ever made to watch this movie again I willpersonally place a gun to my head and shoot myself and die with asatisfied smile on my face just as the opening credits start to roll.