I liked this film more than I ever thought I would.PP is utterly engaging, emotionally resonating, and truly beautiful.Photography is lush, cinematography is outstanding, art design isimpressive and director Joe Wright has a wonderful choreographic talentfor organising space and people - the long tracking shots he uses forthe two major (and magnificent) dance scenes, and the opening sequenceat the Bennet House comprise brilliant film-making. The music isenchanting too.The overall atmosphere of the film is evocative, down-to-earth, verysensual. Many may not appreciate this reading of Austen; but in myopinion this earthy, sensuous interpretation actually workssurprisingly well. The plot mainly focuses on Lizzie and Darcy which ensures coherency andflow and streamlines the action. Even so, Bingley and Jane arenicely-played and the relationship between Lizzy and Jane is endearingand realistic too. At first Bingley is a little too comedic with his froggy bug-eyes and ashock of bright red hair, but he grows on you - his crush on Jane (aluminous Rosamund Pike) is heart-warming. His failed proposal isamusing too, as is an additional scene where Darcy 'rehearses' theproposal with Bingley.Lydia and Wickham are much less-developed, and both characterisationsare not so satisfying. Lydia is just too giddy and even a littlevulnerable. Wickham has a touch of the sociopath ? there is even aforeboding of marital violence.The Bennet family is one of the highlights of this production. Thechaos, warmth and humour of the household is delightful; We do hearDonald Sutherland's Canadian twang but his Mr Bennet inspiresaffection. Mrs Bennet (Brenda Blethyn) is comical and vulgar butlovable and naturalistic too.Stand-out minor characters - Mr Collins (Tom Hollander) is pitchednicely, very funny but very stiff; Penelope Wilton has a nice cameorole with Aunt Gardiner; Judi Dench's Lady Catherine de Bourgh isamusing, most especially when she hyperventilates like an angry rhinoduring her final confrontation with Lizzie - although it is somemeasure of her overall lesser importance here that this scene actuallyfelt a little unnecessary by this stage. Darcy is truly wonderful - in my opinion Matthew MacFayden nails thisrole. I love the Firth portrayal (BBC 1995), but have always consideredit just TOO haughty and mature and confrontational, even for thenovel's Darcy. Despite a shorter running time and an occasionallyjarring script, MacFayden's acting is wonderfully subtle - there is asense throughout of intense emotion barely contained ... just beneaththe skin. His eyes flicker with light and shade to relay emotion. Hehas a powerful presence throughout.As for Knightley's Lizzie - at first I didn't like her one jot. Toomany teeth, too perky, clipped delivery - but she gains real gravitasas the film progresses. (Despite this she is awful in the very lastscene - but that is the fault of the script). In 1995 Jennifer Ehle'sLizzie was marvellously witty, but maybe a little too matronly.Knightley's flighty Lizzie is so very different - a bright young girlgrappling to come to terms with her emotional and sexual feelings. Sheis not the much-loved Lizzie Bennet of the book ? but there areflashes. This is still a pleasing and appropriate Lizzie in the shortspace of time we have to know her. Sure, this film is not too big on ideas and wit and verbal combat - itis fleshier, sexier, easier to understand in a digestible 2 hour fix;but it succeeds brilliantly in what it set out to do, which is to revelin Austen's world, language, and this hugely entertaining love affair.This film is primarily about falling and being in love. The tense physical attraction between Lizzie and Darcy is enactedbeautifully - Darcy's gaze lingers on Lizzie's neck (a beautiful neckby the way and frequently seen), and their fierce argument when hefirst proposes - strong acting overwhelming what was otherwise quite aclichéd scene - and their graduating sense of mutual awareness as thestory progresses. Even their final sappy scene together is rathercharming, albeit cloaked in dawn mists amidst thundering romantic pianomusic.Stand-out scenes include one likely to enrage Austenite purists whenLizzie visits Pemberley and marvels at a gallery chock-full ofClassical Greek marble male statues ? she tearfully admires the smootheroticism of their naked forms. The grandiose ceiling above isfestooned with plump naked cherubs and scantily-clad ladies. The opening scenes at the Bennet house are fabulous, Lizzie's beggingher father to not allow her to marry Mr Collins by a sunset-drenchedlake, and the first assembly is a rumbustious, lively affair - you canalmost smell the sweat. But for me the best scene in the film is the Netherfield Ball. Thissequence is stunning; the camera swooping and diving throughout theaction, pursuing multiple characters and story lines before the camerafinally moves outside of the ballroom and finds Lizzie alone,recovering from her dance with Mr Darcy. The film is packed with similar moments - the camera seems to trackcloser and closer to Lizzie as the plot progresses, and constantlycaptures subtle signs of Darcy's physical response to Lizzie's presencesuch as when he flexes his hand whenever he has been near to her.There are also a lot of laughs in this film. Watching this is ratherlike quickly downing a few glasses of champagne - you feel bubbly,lightheaded, even enervated. Don't expect a deeply cerebral experience. Don't expect virtuousreverence to text and period. Don't have too many pre-conceptions -just enjoy the film for what it is: silly, sexy, often very witty,visually stunning, at times remarkably subtle and beautifully acted(MacFayden is a stand-out in this department, as is Blethyn); alldirected with great verve and feeling.