From the film's first shot - Keira Knightley as Elizabeth Bennetwandering reading through a field at dawn, thus invoking all theclichés cinema has developed to address the phenomenon of thestrong-minded rebellious female character in period drama - I knew Iwas in for something to make me want to kill myself.Joe Wright seemed not only to have not read the book, but to be underthe regrettable misapprehension that what he was filming was not infact Jane Austen's subtle, nuanced comedy of manners conducted throughsparkling, delicate social interaction in eighteenth century Englishdrawing-rooms, but a sort of U-certificate Wuthering Heights. Thus wewere treated to every scene between Elizabeth and Darcy taking placeoutside for no apparent reason, in inappropriately rugged scenery andoften in the pouring rain. Not to mention that Jane Austen, and inparticular P & P, is not about passion, sexual tension or love. It'sabout different strategies of negotiating the stultification ofeighteenth century society. Which was completely ignored, so that theBennets' house was a rambunctious, chaotic place where everybody shoutsat once, runs around, leaves their underwear on chairs, and pigs wanderhappily through the house; the society balls become rowdy countrydances one step away from a Matrix Reloaded style dance-orgy; andeverybody says exactly what they think without the slightest regard forpropriety.The genius of Jane Austen lies in exploring the void created by asociety in which nobody says what they think or mean because of anoverwhelming regard for propriety, and the tragic predicaments of hercharacters arise from misunderstandings and miscommunications enabledby that speechless gap. So both the brilliance of Jane Austen and thevery factor that allows her plots - particularly in this film - tofunction was completely erased. Subtlety in general was nowhere int hisfilm, sacrificed in favour of an overwrought drama which jarredentirely with the material and the performances.It was so obviously trying to be a *serious* film. The humour - whichIS Pride & Prejudice, both Austen's methodology and her appeal - wasalmost entirely suppressed in favour of all this po-faced melodrama,and when it was allowed in, was handled so clumsily. Pride & Prejudiceis a serious narrative which makes serious points, yes, but thoseserious points and weightier themes are not just intertwined with thehumour, they are embedded in it. You can't lose Jane Austen'stechnique, leaving only the bare bones of the story, and expect thethemes to remain. Not even when you replace her techniques with yourown heavy-handed mystical-numinous fauxbrow cinematography.Elizabeth Bennett is supposed to be a woman, an adult, mature andsensible and clear-sighted. Keira Knightley played the first half ofthe film like an empty-headed giggling schoolgirl, and the second halflike an empty-headed schoolgirl who thinks she is a tragic heroine.Elizabeth's wit, her combative verbal exchanges, her quintessentialcharacteristic of being able to see and laugh at everybody's folliesincluding her own, her strength and composure, and her fantasticclear-sightedness were completely lost and replaced with ... what? Alot of giggling and staring into the distance? Rather than being ableto keep her head when all about her were losing theirs, she started tocry and scream at the slightest provocation - and not genuinely raging,either; no, these were petulant hissy fits. And where the greatstrength of Austen's Elizabeth (at least in Austen's eyes) was herability to retain integrity and observance while remaining within theboundaries of society and sustaining impeachable propriety, Knightley'sElizabeth had no regard whatsoever for convention. Furthermore, sheseemed to think that wandering around barefoot in the mud in theeighteenth century version of overalls established her beyond doubt asspirited and strong-minded, and therefore nothing in the character aswritten or the performance had to sustain it. An astonishingly unsubtleand bland performance. In which quest for blandness and weakness, shewas ably matched by Matthew Macfayden.Donald Sutherland as Mr Bennet seemed weak, ineffectual and permanentlybefuddled without the wicked sense of humour and ironic detachment atthe expense of human relationships that makes Mr Bennet so fascinatingand tragic. His special bond with Lizzie, as the only two sensiblepeople in a world of fools, was completely lost, not least because bothof them were fools in a world of fools, and that completely deprivedthe end of the film of emotional impact. Mr Bingley was no longeramiable and well-meaning to the point of folly, but was played as acomplete retard for cheap laughs, and the woman who was playing Janewas so wildly inconsistent that she may as well not have tried to doanything with the character at all. The script veered wildly betweenverbatim chunks of Jane Austen - delivered with remarkable clumsiness -and totally contemporaneous language which would not be out of place ina modern day romantic comedy.Just get the BBC adaptation on DVD and save yourself the heartache.