One evening I met up with a few people to see the new Pride andPrejudiceI am glad I went with good company because the movie was awful. Whilethe scenery was nice the costumes were, for the most part, atrocious.Since when would Caroline Bingley wear a completely sleeveless, 1990'sJessica McClintock dress to host a ball? And speaking of the Bingleys,the fact that both sisters are not included in the film makes it lessfunny. Charles Bingley, while played by an adorable actor, is portrayedas downright stupid. I adore Donald Sutherland, and i dare say wouldhave loved him in the film, but his Mr Bennet is reduced to asimpering, weepy man who does things a farm hand would have done, not agentleman. And speaking of farms, since when are the Bennets sodestitute as to have no maids to bring in the laundry when it begins torain? Mrs Bennet may be silly and stupid ( and in this film she isbarely funny) but she would never let her house become such a wreck.Charlotte Lucas lost every bit of sense she had and was turned into adesperate, skittish creatures that screams for Lizzy not to judge her.There is no explanation as to why she marries Mr Collins. Mr Collins isthe best part of the movie, a fine performance. He made me laughseveral times. Kiera Knighley as Lizzie was abominable. She was weepy,showed very little spirit and generally looked like a wishy washy girlwho had no idea what she wanted or stood for. She also couldn't seem tokeep her nightgown on. Mr Darcy was portrayed as nothing more than shy,not at all the proud and judgmental man he starts out to be. You do notsee a change in him, at all. No lessons learned on his part. It appearsthat Lizzie is just a whiny girl who is judging him for being so rich.Jane Bennet was lovely and I quite liked this portrayal, but still, youdidn't get the true sense of the character, due to a time constraint, iam sure. Now, let's get to the major etiquette flaws that bothered me.First off, when Darcy delivers his letter to Lizzie, it is around 3 amat the Collins home and she is in her nightgown! ????? He would havebeen shot on sight or forced to marry her. Secondly, Lady Catherinewould never ever show up at 2am to bless out Lizzie for thinking shewas going to marry her nephew... Never. Full stop. And if she did MrBennet would never offer her tea, he would have made her leave aftermaking great sport of her bad manners and folly. It was just a massivejumble of horrible mistakes and cheesy clichés... I, in short, hatedit....