Okay. I was fully prepared to dislike this movie. I have the 1995 A&EJennifer Ehle and Colin Firth version that I've seen hundreds of times.I really feel that has to be one of the best Austen adaptations ever.When I heard Keira Knightly was going to be in this version, I waslike, "WHAT??" I'd never really seen her act in anything remarkable.She is very pretty, and that is about it. Actually I thought she mightbe TOO pretty for the role. In Austen's version Elizabeth is slightlyless pretty than her "beautiful" older sister. But not stunning.However, I was really surprised by how much I loved this movie.Knightly is a bit more raw in this than other movies. She is gangly,flat-chested--not perfect. Which is actually a good thing. And castingMacfadyen was amazing. I wasn't sure how he would work out either.Another good thing that he has rugged good looks. Not those of someHollywood hearthrob.The cinematography, direction, lighting, beautiful score and actingreally came together well.It really zipped along, but I was amazed at how well they stuck withAusten's vision. I know some purists totally disagree. But this is amovie adaptation. It is NOT going to be exactly like the book. They dohave to entertain folks who have not read the book afterall.The things I liked were: I took my 13-year old daughter along (draggedactually). She actually understood the humor and laughed along in manyparts. I really liked how humorous this adaptation was.The countryside was lovely. And I liked how in this version theyclearly displayed the difference in the Bennett wealth (or lackthereof) and the wealth of Darcy and Lady Catherine. The A&E versionwas not as clear on this. The Bennetts had a lovely smaller home in theA&E version--but you didn't really understand the lack of wealth perse. This movie version also clearly conveys that they live on aFARM--not some nice estate.The sensual scenes were just HOT. Amazing how they could convey sexualtension without overt advances, etc. You could cut the tension of theproposal rain scene with a KNIFE it was so hot. Darcy could barely keephis hands off her or contain himself. And then you see that Elizabethfeels it too despite herself. And afterwards, I think she realizes shemay have made a mistake blowing him off like she did.The last couple of scenes had me practically choked up. More than theA&E version. The way Darcy's voice broke was just an amazing actinginterpretation of how he must have been feeling.I thought this Darcy (Macfadyen)was more sympathetic than the ColinFirth Darcy. Even though Firth nailed that version amazingly. You couldsee a little more emotion in the eyes of this current Darcy. He had toreally punch the emotional bullet since he only had a couple of hoursto show us who he was.The only complaints I guess I had were I wish it had been longer. Whichis not realistic. It is a movie and not a television adaptation withmany parts. They left a lot of Wickham out of this movie which wasprobably a slight detriment. However, I thought there was a bit toomuch of him in the A&E version anyway. It was like "enough already--weGET that he is a cad!!" So I didn't really mind.Also, Bingley was a tad bit buffoonish in this version. I know he issupposed to be a sweet guy. But I don't think he is supposed to be afeeble minded dork. But even he didn't bother me too much.Mr. Collins was utterly hilarious. Much funnier than the A&E version.In that version you almost wanted to hit him with a fly swatter. Thisversion was just funny.And Dame Judy Dench was one ferocious Lady Catherine. You really sawhow Darcy might have faced some embarrassment himself of how some ofhis own relatives displayed rudeness and overt judgement of others.I am thrilled to get the chance to see a movie that believes viewersare smart. And not just idiots who need to be slammed with specialeffects and moronic dialogue. The dumbing down of television and moviesis obscene!! This restores my faith in cinema (for now......) Yes I amgoing to see it again. FOR SURE