I'm amazed at how many people think of books as being encompassed bytheir stories. When that story appears in a film relatively unaltered,purists rejoice.How silly. Stories are there as frames on which all the meaningfulstuff is draped. Or so it would be after Jane Austen invented thenovel. The way an idea appears has more effect than the idea itself,and so with images as well. Jane had two great inventions.The first was in building two parallel narratives: one of individualsbumping into each other and the other of grander forces of life andsociety. The two interact at times (and much is made of these turningpoints) but usually the two are layered one on top of the other,shifting dominance as they go.The other great invention was devising a narrative style that sometimescentered on the people and sometimes on their containing world, usingthe one to poke sly fun at the other.So converting Austen to film is a challenge, indeed, but only if youwant to capture Austen's magic. Past P&P projects have used theMerchant and Ivory approach which just takes the people alone. There isa context, but it is there only to provide lushness and decoration, notfate. Not what would become known as noir.The challenge comes in how to handle the layers. We have already manyways of "folding" in films, but they mostly require structure in thestory itself. How to introduce this notion of a second flowing layerwithout changing the story? Why you do it cinematically.And that's what we have here. I don't know this director, but he isfrom TeeVee so obviously is inexperienced in these matters. I creditthe producers for specifying the technique.And we have it to glorious excess. Nearly every shot is structured withat least two layers, with things happening both in foreground andbackground. The opening scene introduces this to us, a wonderfulsequence worthy of Welles, as we follow our girl down the road over abridge behind laundry to the house. Then we leave her and enter thehouse and noodle around a bit, always still with layers, then wander toa window where we see her passing by behind the house.Any movie only has a few moments to introduce itself and tell you howthe visual world will be constructed and this does it well. Thislayering is kept up throughout, with a tour de force in the ball, wherea seemingly seamless eye goes all over the building, capturing glancesat people we know and those we don't. It isn't that they do it and it is so effective. It is that it goes onso long, layers shifting and receding to be replaced by others in thescores. It is magnificent. The film is worth it for that one scenealone.Oh, the actors are appealing, as we expect. The story is simplified andsoftened, also as we expect. The father is made less culpable, minorcharacters are dropped. The visit to the great house adds a sensualitythe book lacked. Incidentally, that house is the same one used in"Draughtsman's Contract" which was specifically about this layeringtechnique.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.