Pride and Prejudice has always been one of my favourite books, so anyscreen incarnation has to live up to certain personal expectations ofcharacter, style etc. And of course, there is the gold standard of the1995 BBC series, which, as other reviewers have pointed out, had theluxury of several episodes to cover a story that here takes just twohours. So I was truly delighted to enjoy this movie so much. It had alot to live up to.The first thing I must say is that it is exquisitely photographed. Theatmosphere set by the beautiful cinematography, is perfect. The filmdeserves to be nominated for an Oscar on that basis alone. I am in aweof the technical crew and director who could find such unspoiled vistasand such perfect weather in England, and I say that as a Brit who usedto live very close to some of the eastern England locations! I satright through to the end of the credits to see where it was shot,because I assumed it must have been filmed in some remote, rural,continental European locale. I felt quite ashamed that I had doubtedthe ability of my native land to still provide such delightful scenery!The mist rising off early morning fields, geese on a perfect farm pond,magnificent country estates and enormous trees more usually associatedwith California than England. Also perfect were the interiors. The airof genteel poverty in which the Bennets lived was well captured. Theslightly down at heel scruffiness of the Bennet's farm and house, andthe general dirtiness of 18th century life for most people, contrastedwell with the ridiculous, rich fussiness of Lady Catherine de Bourg'shouse and the stark, museum-like beauty of Darcy's home.The cast were excellent. I thought Rosamunde Pike as Jane Bennet wasperfect, Simon Woods as Mr Bingley was charming although perhaps alittle too puppyish, I enjoyed Donald Sutherland and Brenda Blethyn asMr and Mrs Bennet and I'm one who thinks Matthew MacFadyen did a verygood job as Mr Darcy, a characterization which was slightly moreuser-friendly than Colin Firth's 1995 Darcy. Also outstanding wereClaudie Blakley as plain Charlotte Lucas, rescued from a life ofunmarried oblivion by pompous Mr Collins (a very good Tom Hollander)and Kelly Reilly, as the bitchy Miss Bingley. Is Rupert Friend (MrWickham) destined to play Orlando Bloom's brother? Am I alone in seeinga similarity? Of course, Keira Knightley plays the title role ofElizabeth. I have followed her career closely since Bend it LikeBeckham, and I thought this easily her best acting performance so far.She captured the playfulness and wit of Lizzie's bright mindwonderfully well, and made me think long and hard how truly frustratingit must have been to be an intelligent young woman in a world thatexpected nothing more of her than an ability to choose ribbon and tocapture a husband possessed of money. The only possible slightcriticism I might make, is that Keira Knightley is perhaps a little toowaif-like to pull off the 18th century characterization entirelyconvincingly. She is stunningly beautiful, but her stick thinappearance alongside her more robust looking screen sisters, made herlook as if Mr Bennet might well have doubted her parentage!