For the sake of starting with something positive, let's throw out thevery biggest problems like historical placement and accuracy. If we canget stupid enough to ignore a boat load of adaptation problems, wemight at least admit that this movie was beautifully designed and verywell shot. Watch this monstrosity with the sound off, and you'll enjoysome remarkable cinematography.But no lavish castles or livid sunrises can rescue such a mess.First, we'd have to cut off the head of the beast in terms of rawmaterials and leadership. The screenplay borders on jabberwocky,honoring only the most banal of Austen's dialog. And despite being theconsummate romance, director Joe Wright isn't able to coax anythingmore than a lukewarm shrug from any of the key players.Speaking of key players, let's look at casting.Keira Knightley (Pirates of the Caribbean, King Arthur) reduces thesmart and self-possessed Elizabeth to little more than teen petulance.She strides triumphant through the movie, always armed with some wellworn leather-bound tome (we can safely assume it's not Stanislavski),looking for ways to disarm people with her aplomb. Unfortunately,Knightley has a limited number of tools with which to construct thefacade. One is a frightening and toothsome grin-laugh thing that turnsher into a Rankin/Bass villain (a'la Burgermeister, the Bumble,HeatMiser, etc). The rest of the time, Knightley relies on her juttingjaw and droopy lip to illicit a blatant sexuality (which happens to becompletely wrong for this character). However, instead of the intendedpouty sex kitten allure, she looks as if a large dose of Thorazine isjust kicking in. We half expect a ribbon of drool to escape down herchin at any moment.Then there is our darling Darcy. No one will ever touch the haughtytorment of Colin Firth. Even if we hadn't seen Firth's Darcy, Macfadyenwould seem a bit flat. We get precious little of his prickly pride(which is fairly significant to the story, being in the title and all).His too-soft underbelly is exposed the minute he sets eyes onElizabeth, which irrevocably breaks the seal on his crusty credibility.The most powerful aspect of this romance (in the book & BBC version) ishow it so utterly surprises Elizabeth - and us - when he makes thatfirst proposal. Watching Macfadyen spill the beans in his first 10seconds on screen leaves very little reason to keep watching. He couldhave benefited from just a bit of Caroline Bingley's over-the-topnastiness.As for the rest of the cast, they come in two flavors: shallow andboring, or giggly and squirming like cheerleaders in the back of thebus. One has to wonder if it took more than Thorazine to get the restof the cast through this project, particularly after seeing DonaldSutherland's version of Mr. Bennett. Dreamy and completelydisconnected, laudanum appears to be his buffer of choice. Of course weexpect Lydia and Kitty to be a bit silly, which they are, but they bothseem to be in the throes of a bad Ecstasy binge. Their squealing andtwittering is relentless and positively manic. And poor Mr. Collins(actor Tom Hollander, who also plays the deliciously neurotic andruined Anthony Meredith in Gosford Park) appears to be stoned out ofhis head and on the brink of full-on paranoia, although trying very...hard ...not to be. He was definitely capable of giving David Bamber(the A&E Collins) a run for his money in this role. Unfortunately, "bigeyes and stick-up-the-arse marionette movement" must have been Wright'sdirection for the unfortunate Hollander.Countless smaller irritations abound: The evil Mr. Wickham has roughly9 words of dialog with which to make us first adore and then despisehim (a fancy trick for any actor, let alone someone with no noticeablescreen time). Dame Judy Dench is sadly overcast as the fiery old crone,Lady Catherine de Bourg, which is exactly the same as every other roleshe's been saddled with for the last 10 years. What a tragic waste. Andshe brought almost too much credibility to the trivial Lady Catherine.Even Charles Bingley's sunny disposition seems to be drawn in crayon.Far from the agreeable innocent we all adore, he comes off as weak andmildly retarded and seemingly incapable of combing his particularlyunruly shock of ginger hair. The result is some kind of love child ofLiberace and Howdy Doody. Darcy would have never befriended someonelike this, and not just because of the hair. Brenda Blethyn (LittleVoice, Saving Grace) turns in the only enjoyable performance as theterminally squirrelly Mrs. Bennett. At least she's fun to watch, albeitin the manner of a fuzzy rodent with a firecracker tied to her tail.But she occasionally lacked conviction in terms of her chronic "nervouscondition." When will Hollywood learn that unless you bleed every 28 days or arenamed Ang Lee, you're not qualified to handle Jane Austen? Go tacklethe Brontes. And there must be at least a half dozen more gladiatormovies waiting to be made or remade. Heck, take Dickens on another spinaround the dance floor! But leave the next Austen adaptation to theBBC, A&E, or Masterpiece Theatre where they might still care more aboutcharacters and story than honoring a 5-picture deal for the latesttarted-up teen stars.