Actually, I was highly disappointed in the movie. I admit having astrong bias towards Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth, and I actually saidearlier that a new adaptation wasn't necessary as there is a perfectlyfunctional BBC miniseries, but still I was disappointed. Don't get mewrong. I thought Keira Knightley made a very good Elizabeth. She hasjust the headstrong and witty nature a real Lizzy needs. But that wasabout the only redeeming quality of the movie I could find. Though, nowI think of it, it is good that this one doesn't last six hours.I am no expert on Regency life and times, but still I saw quite someanachronisms or historical inadequacies. For example, when Jane is illat Netherfield, Bingley enters her sick chamber. Preposterous! Then,later, Lady Catherine visits when all the family was already asleep.One would never do that except in cases of severe emergency. Both Lizzyand Darcy walk around not fully clothed when they meet for the secondproposal. The girls are out in society, yet wear their hair loose.Everything happened suddenly. Suddenly, Charlotte is married. Suddenly,Lydia is married. Suddenly, Lizzy goes to Derbyshire, and suddenlyshe's at Pemberley. They also cut out a lot of minor characters (theHursts, the aunt and uncle in Meryton) and a lot of background story,which is of course inevitable when you want to tell the same story inless than half the time. I missed those characters, it made the eveningscene at Netherfield seem lacking. Most other characters wereunderdeveloped as well. Col. Fitzwilliam only remained to tell Lizzyabout Darcy's interference in Jane's relationship with Bingley,otherwise he'd been cut out too. I thought Bingley a schoolboy, like anolder Ron Weasley. Clumsy and insecure, and not quite a gentleman. TheBennet sisters were vulgar, as was the mother, and the father had notthat wit he had in the book (and P&P2). Georgiana was too confident,certainly next to her brother, who is supposed to be ten years hersenior. Darcy was "tolerable, I suppose, but not handsome enough totempt me". There was no real character development, again due to lackof time, and hardly a reason to dislike him except for his remark atthe Meryton gathering-of-peasants. I liked the scenery, with the veryold trees and the beautiful spot on the rocks, as well as the folly atRosings and the moorland near Meryton. The Bennett family was living ata farm, not a manor. I admit this brings out the contrast withPemberley and Rosings, but I think they outdid that. I thought Rosingsand Pemberley maybe a little too large and elaborate next to the farm,certainly as neither of them is the seat of nobility.I think I got my point across; I haven't really finished yet, but I'llstop now. All in all I think it would have been an enjoyable movie withsome deja vu's if it hadn't been called Pride and Prejudice. Clueless,maybe?