"Tulip Fever" (2017 release from the UK; 107 min.) brings the story ofa young Dutch woman's love tribulations. AS the movie opens, we get aquick (animated) introduction how tulips entered into the Low Lands. Wethen get to know Sophia, an orphan living at the St. Ursula convent inAmsterdam. She is married out to an old guy. We then are informed thatit is "Three years later, Amsterdam 1634", and Sophia has not yet beenable to provide an heir to her husband Cornelis. At some point Corneliscommissions a portrait from a young up-and-coming painter Jan Van Loos.At this point we're less than 15 min. into the movie, but to tell youmore would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see foryourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest movie from British directorJustin Chadwick, who previously gave us the Mandela bio-pick "Long Walkto Freedom". Here he brings the best-selling novel of Deborah Moggachto the big screen, and certainly it's not the talent that is lacking:Alicia Vikander! (as Sophia); Christoph Waltz! (as her husband); JudiDench! (as the abbess of St. Ursula); Dane DeHaan! (as the painter).Alas, the script is nothing short of horrible. The "love tribulations"left me completely unmoved. The way the "tulip fever" (which actuallydid happen in real life) is worked into the plot makes no sense at all.Worst of all, the way the scenes plays out, one has the impression thatAmsterdam was the most people-congested place on earth, and literallyin a party mode all the time. Bottom line: this film was shot in 2014and a teaser was shown at the 2015 Cannes film festival. Since then, 21/2 years ago, the film has been gathering dust on a shelf while themovie makers desperately tried to salvage it by recutting it. Theyshould've simply let this one die on the vine, as it easily is one ofthe worst movies I have seen this year (and I see a lot of movies)."Tulip Fever" finally was recently released, and I happen to catch itduring a recent family visit to Belgium. The Saturday early eveningscreening where I saw this at in Antwerp was attended poorly (6 people,including myself). Given the dismal reception this movie has gotten, Icannot see this playing long in the theater. If you wish to watch thismovie (say, because Alicia Vikander is in it--reason I wanted to seeit). do so at your own peril, and don't say afterwards that I didn'twarn you! I cannot recommend this film in good conscience to anyone,sorry.