I saw an advanced screening of this film in Boston and was verypleased, it is intelligent in its handle of the material and itsfluency in cinematic crafting. Goodbye to dusty, "precious"interpretations of Jane Austen. This cheeky, poetic, even dark new filmmakes the story youthful with down-to-earth vibrancy and worship ofemotion. Here are young people making the mistakes and dreaming thedreams of the young (when it was written it wasn't antiquity, it waslife). Lizzie is not a smirking omniscient but a quick wittedindependent; hotheaded and fiercely loyal to her sister. She is wary ofan unfair world and uses her wits to survive. Darcy is not animpenetrable stoic but a shy sensitive soul with high unwieldy socialpretensions fending off the outside world. And they are both lonely andhave big yearning hearts, so the filmmakers made one great decision --they let them fall in love the first moment they lock eyes. In a shotwe see hearts behind fortified personalities and an instant chemistrythat takes a movie's worth of battling with each other and themselvesto right itself. It's an earthy move that sets the tone for a filmabout the people and world behind the antiquated manners, a world notso different from ours. Now set in 1797, when Austen wrote the first draft of the book, thefilmmakers committed to main plot points and themes, and astutelyrepresent the Romantic Age and Austen's characters. The love betweenJane and Lizzie is supreme and fuels a desire in Lizzie to tear atDarcy when he separates Jane from Mr. Bingley. She's hurt, shereciprocates the pain, and it is bitter. Pride and prejudices are drawnclearly: Lizzie searches hard to find fault with Darcy, and Darcycannot bring himself to let down his guard. Both have their reasonsjustified, but they foil their own chances at love constantly untilthey see how wrong they are and are too heartsick to keep going. Classconflict is suddenly personally injurious and vicious. When CharlotteLucas marries for security, it's a grave matter and she must bitinglysober up a disdainful Lizzie on the realities of their world. TheBennets are too eccentric and improper for their own good. LadyCatherine (Dame Judi Dench, who is downright fearsome) is not just acold figure for Lizzie to spar with, but someone capable of deeplyhurting others. The filmmakers are savvy in their understanding ofhistory. Setting it back 20 years is a remarkable move, because weaccept more diversions and variation with the 18th century than the19th and it presents Austen as a Romantic, which automatically requiresthe story to be interpreted from a different, very legitimate,perspective. The ideals of the Romantic Age are ingeniously, subtlyplayed here: human equality, gritty realism married with beauty for thesake of beauty, but a beauty which is never elitist or decadent, alwaysgrounded, simple, and universal: nature, the human being, emotion. The ensemble and mis-en-scene are electric. The camera spryly edges inand out of rooms and conversations instead of sitting arthritically ina corner. The dance scenes are less about ballet, now rollicking andspirited as characters send signals, flirt, deflect and analyze oneanother. In true Romantic form (worthy of filling Wordsworth withpride) the aesthetic unabashedly revels in beauty, but always thesimple joys of our world: sunrises, dewy landscapes in wide shots,colors everywhere. It has a lovely score, period inspired and withoutany pomp and circumstance. Simple blocking is caffeinated and givensubstance, something is always going on in the background. Lively,layered interactions between characters make rich scenes, neitherwasting space nor time. Consider a scene with Mr. Collins, played bythe magnificent Tom Hollander (a standout here, so delightfully weird.When he jaggedly squirms his way up to someone you want to shriek). Hewants to speak to Lizzie, alone, and a bolt of fear strikes through heras she pleads in vain not to be abandoned. The sisters are merciless,Mrs. Bennet delighted, Mr. Bennet at a loss, and Collins prepares. It'sall silent and it's hysterical. Suggesting variation to revered characters is a frightful task, buthere it's a revelation. The entire cast is brilliant, but the two leadsare transcendent in their roles. Keira Knightley is charismatic,random, wonderfully young, intuitive to the bone -- she inhabitsLizzie. Matt MacFadyen is deep, remarkably subtle, but mostly he issoulful. I've long held him as a sympathetic actor, but he shines inthis. The two instill an unexpected exuberance of feeling in theirperformances. Neither ever acknowledge the camera exists and make themost of every second they have on screen to project their characters.When you throw them together you get a love story full of emotionalsubtext, double meaning, and gloriously heavy moments. Because so much dialogue was cut, simple lines have impact and much ofthe exposition is visual. Epic little moments linger and rain,revealing souls. The thoughts and intentions behind the actors' eyesand words are visible at all times. This movie understands the power ofa shot or glance. Lizzie comes to understand Darcy in how he embraceshis sister or smiles (a momentous occasion, indeed). When she talksabout love it's stirring because it's finally spilled into the openafter we've seen it near the edge many times with half said sentimentsand stifled tears. Usually "I love you" comes with extra explanatoryprose, but here sincerity kills cliché: parties are fun, a misty fieldis breathtaking, the dawning of love a revelation, the heartbreak isthrobbing. It's a brilliant film. There is something breathless and luminous aboutit, from its youth and the break from propriety, to the beauty andspontaneity of life and romance, pain and joy, which provide the color.