(Note: this is based on a focus-group preview. I imagine they tried tofix it, but I can't imagine how they could have succeeded.)In the 1600s Dutch investors created a speculative bubble involvingtulips. Or at least, a book says that happened, although according towikipedia the claim has its skeptics as to the extent of this supposedmania. Whether it really happened or not, Tulip Fever is about anillicit romance that gets mixed into Tulip speculation. It's from abook, and perhaps the book is interesting, but the movie is decidedlynot.There are a number of issues with the film. The main character, playedby Alicia Vikander, has zero personality. Her lover has little more.The other main characters are a little better, but it's only smallparts by Judy Dench as an acerbic nun and Tom Hollander as an amusinglysleazy doctor that display any real personality.The bigger problem is the script. First off, the movie doesn't havemuch going on for the first half. Just an unhappy marriage leading toadultery. A plot of sorts finally kicks in maybe halfway through with the Tulippart, but introduced at the same time is the first of some reallystupid twists; a mistaken-identity bit that is remarkably unconvincingand leads to further, equally unconvincing problems.Towards the end, there's another stupid turn in the story that is sopoorly prepped that a character has to be asked if he's drunk to set upa problem because the movie has never bothered to indicate he's a heavydrinker or particularly untrustworthy. Then something both predictableand moronic happens.There's also an absurd, unsatisfying ending.I mean, there's more stupidity, but I don't need to list it all.The story's plot turns are the ridiculous sort you might expect from aShakespeare comedy, which would be fine if this were actually a comedy.Perhaps the scriptwriter's intended a comedy and the director failed tonotice?This was written by the guy who wrote Shakespeare in Love, and isclearly meant to scratch a similar itch, but it is not romantic,charming, humorous, or involving, so it misses the target completely.I understand this movie had originally been intended for a release afew months ago and then was altered, so what I saw was presumably anattempt to fix a disaster. I hate to think what the earlier versionmust have been like.When I saw this movie it was set for a February release - a delay onits original release date - but now apparently it's scheduled forAugust. So it had one delay before I saw it - presumably because thefirst version was even worse than this - and now there's another delaywhich I would guess is because they still hope to fix it. The best thing to do would probably be to just bury it.