Having watched a slew of special effects-laden trailers before thisfilm I was reassured to discover that in the brave new world of CGIcinema there is still a place for a satisfyingly romantic story,well-acted and thoughtfully scripted and directed. Comparisons with the highly-regarded 1995 BBC series are inevitable,but whereas that production had the luxury of time to unfold its plotand characters at leisure, the creators of this film had the unenviabletask of reducing Jane Austen's book to just two hours. Yes, Austenlovers will mourn the absence or alteration of favourite scenes. Yes,we do lose some sense of the developing and changing relationshipsbetween the main characters (two examples - Wickham appears in only twoscenes of any significance and personally I would have liked more timeto savour Lizzie and Darcy's rediscovery of one another at Pemberley).Yes, there is occasionally a feeling of entering or leaving a scenepartway through (where do Lizzie's uncle and aunt think she has gonewhen she apparently sets off from Pemberley to walk to Lambton withouta word to them?) On the whole though, I think director Joe Wright, andscreenwriter Deborah Moggach, are successful in retaining the flavour,the vital essence of Austen's original. The film also offers some new perspectives on very familiar characters.Tom Hollander in particular, gives Mr. Collins something approachingdignity in his determined but usually unsuccessful attempts toingratiate himself with those more powerful than him, and he providessome of the funniest moments of the film ? witness his attempts to gainMr. Darcy's attention at the ball. Mrs. Bennet too, who we all rememberAlison Steadman playing with an enthusiasm approaching pantomime, ismore sympathetic in the hands of Brenda Blethyn because we understandmore clearly the reasons behind her desperation to marry her daughtersoff. Mr. Bingley though teeters a fine line between nervous hesitancyand simple-minded idiocy which made me question why Jane Bennet wouldever consider marrying him. And who on earth thought of giving himCameron Diaz's infamous "There's Something About Mary" hairdo? Reviews for Matthew MacFadyen seem to have been mixed so far, theinevitable 'Firth Factor' at least part of the reason. Personally Ithink he has a sexy, brooding presence to equal Firth's and (dare I sayit) his Darcy has a little more charm and humanity when he does let hisguard down. The scene where he bursts in upon Lizzie at the Collins'parsonage, all glove-twisting nervousness and incoherent attempts atsmall talk, captures perfectly the bewilderment of a man trained sincechildhood not to express his feelings, and made vulnerable for thefirst time by the conflicting emotions Lizzie has stirred in him.I do think his Darcy is oddly lacking in 'pride' though, histaciturnity attributed to having so many expectations to live up tothat he never dares let down the facade of 'Mr. Darcy of Pemberley'.Nor do we get any sense, as in the book, that Lizzie's free-spiritedinfluence alters his attitude or behaviour towards others, theexplanation the audience is left with being that really he was a niceguy all along, just misunderstood.Keira Knightley's Lizzie brings nothing really new to the part, butwhilst too stunningly beautiful to be the girl dismissed by Darcy as'only tolerable', she has an abundance of the playfulness and charmwhich quickly captivates him. She is also a good enough actress to showLizzie's own growing confusion and then loss as she realises how shehas misread her own feelings. The chemistry between the two leads works well, their dance atNetherfield a key moment as their verbal sparring gives way to agrowing physical awareness which neither of them is ready to admit.Other little incidents such as the touch of hands as Darcy helps Lizzieinto her carriage keep the romance heating up, and it almost reachesboiling point in the first proposal scene. It does fizzle awaydisappointingly though in their final reconciliation, which promisesmuch at the start with a heady mix of very slightly disarrayednightwear, rolling thunder and smouldering gazes across a misty meadow,but, whilst tenderly played, it ends up being a little too coy for the21st century. Come on Joe Wright, give us a kiss in the DVD versionplease!