I must admit that I went into the theatre almost completely biased anddetermined to dislike this movie and Matthew Macfadyen as Mr. Darcybecause who on earth could live up to Colin Firth's gorgeously arrogantand aristocratic portrayal of Fitzwilliam? I tried to dislike it, Itried to find fault. Damn it all, blast and wretch!! Urgh, all right,all right, it's good, it's GOOD...!! Keira Knightley, i think, is a better choice for playing Lizzy becausewhile Jennifer Ehle is a good actress and fairly attractive, Keirashows Lizzy's rough edges and unconventional beauty in the Victorianera. And I know it sounds weird, but Keira's body type fits Lizzybetter I think. Jennifer has gorgeous flawless smooth white skin and isjust barely plump-ish, and has perfect curls; to me this does NOT seemlike Lizzy Bennett. Now Keira Knightley has a slightly almost ruddycomplexion, slightly messy hair, is tall and lanky, and has pretty muchno boobs. Jennifer, has boobs. It may seem weird, but it makes sense.By the end of the movie, I loved Matthew Macfadyen even though I feltlike I was betraying my dear Colin Firth. As far as the image ofarrogance and self-importance, Colin succeeds better. But when it comesto Darcy informing Lizzy of his love for her, Macfadyen is better inthat he really looked ticked off that he's tried so hard not to likeher but he just can't help himself and that makes him even more tickedoff. I could totally see the thoughts of "I've tried SO FREAKING HARDto not even like you, let alone, love you, and I still do, it's againstmy better judgement, you're beneath me, it would be socially stupid ofme to marry you, but god help me, I love you and I want to marry you."Mrs. Bennett, haha, she's great: a fidgety scheming nervous wreck of awoman. Wonderful. ^_^ Mr. Bennett was delightful in his own small role:laid back and does well with his few little funny bits. Judi Dench waswonderful as Lady Catherine de Bourg, although I kept thinking of heras the crotchety and full-of-vinegar Armande in "Chocolat". ^_^ He'sridiculous, but I felt really bad for poor Mr. Collins because no onereally ever listens to him, not even his wife. Kitty and Lydia werewonderfully giggly Victorian teeny-bopper flirts.I did wonder a little at the cinematography, as far as closeups went.It just seemed like every time the camera panned to another person, itwould zoom in just a little when they spoke, and then when the camerapanned back again, it would do its little zoom think again.Costumes were great, even though I've always detested most of theVictorian styles for women. Darcy still looks good...Scenery was nice, especially Darcy's house. Good freakin' LORD, thatplace is HUGE, and sooo NICE! Which reminds me of another characteranalysis: Tamzin Merchant as Georgiana was adorable! And the littleknowing look she gave to her brother when Lizzy was in the room, well,it was perfect. ~_^ So yes, even though it pains me and I feel disloyal to A & E and ColinFirth, I must give this film a 9 out of 10 for wonderful awkwardmoments, superb acting, and the most-perfect-to-date portrayal of JaneAusten's novel I have ever seen.thespian wishes, ~*kitty Walsh*~