I think it is saying something that the Bollywood "Bride and PRejudice"stayed more faithful to the source material than this 2005 Hollywoodversion did. I also laughed more at the Bollywood version. (Mr. Kholi?Priceless!) If you have read the book or seen the 1995 BBC version (andliked them), you will be in for a nasty surprise going in to this filmthen. My friend however, who had seen neither, was mildly amused by thefilm. If you are a JAne Austen purist though, or even a film-goer whodislikes historical inaccuracies, it will be painful to sit throughthis.Ugh, the script. The script was the biggest problem. I imagine theactors wouldn't have fared half so badly if they'd had a decent script,perhaps penned by somebody who actually loved Austen's work.What travesties were committed? Well, you'll be forced to endure suchincredulous lines as "Don't you dare judge me, Lizzy!" and "Leave mealone for once in your lives!". Not only are such lines far fromanything that could come from Jane Austen's eloquent pen, but cananyone honestly believe words like that spilling from the mouth of agenteel young lady from the Regency era? The usage of moderncolloquialisms is one of the many irritating ways that the screenwriterbutchers the book. The writer also decided to give characters linesthat, in the book, were said by a completely different characters andall for no apparent purpose. Worse of all, when they do try to stick abit closer to the book's writing, the screenwriter has a nasty andunnecessary habit of rearranging Austen's phrases and substitutingawkward synonyms for her already perfect words. It was as if thescreenwriter sat down with the book in one hand and a thesaurus in theother when writing the script. Stick to Austen's words; she did itbetter than you! I assume all of this was done in a "revisionist"spirit and in an effort to distance this film from the iconic 1995 BBCversion. However, for me, it also made a travesty of the true spirit ofAusten's most beloved work.The casting did have potential, though it was quickly dashed away oncethe script kicked in. But Keira, giggling excessively and baring yourcrooked teeth does not equal charm and vivacity! And I think Mr.McFayden, though I find him tolerably handsome enough, misread hisscript and was under the impression he was playing Heathcliff and notthe formidable Mr. Darcy. I really did enjoy Brenda Blethyn, KellyReilly and the actor who played Mr. Collins. Their interpretations werereally rather refreshing.Oh, but Donald Sutherland! Somebody described his performance asseeming like a hobo who had accidentally wandered onto the movie setand I must say it is an apt description. And can somebody tell me whythey fashioned Wickham after Legolas? Though he was in the movie forunder two minutes, I daresay, and without his impressive archery skillsto perk up the movie.On a wardrobe note, I would kill for Miss Bingley's dresses becausethey were sumptuous and would fit in more with the modern century. (Asleeveless Regency evening gown? Please! More Versace than Austen, thatis sure) And poor Keira, all of the budget went to her salary and nother wardrobe! Oh, and I'm sure they eventually caught the bastard whostole the one hairbrush from the movie set. Unfortunately, they didn'tcatch him soon enough to comb the actresses' tresses before filmingrolled.In short, with this new Hollywood version, bid adieu to Austen'seloquence, subtlety and wit because you'll be getting the completeopposite.