I finished reading the book this week, and so decided to watch themovie. The differences between them are huge. Unfortunately the movieisn't that good for a lot of reasons.What make Jane Austen's Pride & Prejudice an amazing book isn't thelove story between Lizzy and Darcy, but how she was able to concoct afull circle story full of subplots with so few in her hands. Even beingwritten in the 19th Century, the book was some kind written to beadapted somehow. The chapters are divided like scenes. Those who arefamiliar to her books are well known that the lack of places and theirdescriptions are for the fact that she was a single home writer womanand never a person who traveled a lot or was interested or able to knowdifferent places, which also gives readers creative freedom to build intheir minds their own places and locations. Jane's primer interestsalways were how people were able to relate to each other within theirsociety and their different social classes in a era full of manners andcustoms. She was a gifted social observer, knowing perfectly how tooutline and describe people's personality into her characters, givingto the readers the possibility to always differ characters by theirways and, the most important thing, their dialogs, by the way shestructures them. She couldn't be able to describe perfectly a place,but she could describe perfectly and paint with words a character andits personality.As the title says, all the gears of entire book resolves under bothwords and Jane plays with them all the time making them part of everysingle character, sometimes being a merit or sometimes being a flaw.The movie not only cuts a lot of what is in the book but alsomisinterprets important meanings and characters. Also, it lacks of thesubtlety, the irony and the sarcasm that are some of the most importantcharacteristics of her style. Even the movie using most of the originaldialogs, the actors seems to don't know whom they are exactly playingbecause they never give the impact or the subtle characteristics thatJane describes.Mr. Bennet in the book is described as a man intensively sarcastic,dried by years of a marriage that slowly replaced the love by aday-by-day consideration and convenience, respecting and beingcomprehensible to everyone but never being a tender figure, completelythe opposite of what Donald Sutherland portrayed in the movie and hisremaining American accent. The same can be said about some othercharacters. Keira Knightley in my point of view wasn't the best choiceand her 2006's Academy Award Nomination is a doubt in my head, but Iprefer keep to myself my opinions about her as I know that there are alot of people that intensively defends her performance. Mr. Darcy is aserious man tired of the hypocrite society that surrounds him and theusual formalities for being a public figure. He's almost a sociopath,because he loves the ones he likes and lives with, but he despite theones he never met. He's a man of few words, but he's not impolite. He'ssubtle, he's clever and a great observer, and Matthew Macfadyen mayhave a strong figure and presence, but his performance is cold andempty, and not just contained and oppressed as Mr. Darcy really is. Mr.Collins, as Jane Austen describes, has a forced and inconvenientformality using difficult vocabulary when speaking to impress and seemsnoble, but he is not insecure and freak as the film shows. Most of thecast fades. Credits go for those ones who knew what they were doinglike Brenda Blethyn as Mrs. Bennet and Judi Dench as Lady Catherine.So... analyzing the movie as a whole, I think that Joe Wright couldindeed have taken more advantage of the social criticism Jane Austen soimplicit describes, also the relationships of people around theirprides and prejudices, the subtlety and the sarcasm of the dialogs andthe constant British formality.