From the outset of the movie, I was hoping for something different fromthe BBC version, especially as it was the most recent version, and donevery authentically with a wonderful realisation of Jane Austen's wit,humour and warmth. The main drawback with this production was that itwas slightly sugar-coated visually, with nice warm lighting andgenerally a little clean. But nonetheless very authentic and true tothe author, which is why many love the story so much in the firstplace. If you are one of these people, you will probably hate the KeiraKnightley (let's-help-the-teeny-boppers-understand-great-literature)version.I like the more grimy setting of this film and thought (at leastinitially) that it demonstrated a desire to distinguish the film fromother versions. One glaring question came from the first shot ofLongbourne though, which was to do with the Bennet's manservant andother servants. How can a middle-class family of the late EighteenthCentury afford two servants and a manservant, especially when Mr Bennethimself appears to be working on the farm? Also, how is it that Mr andMrs Bennet have such a cute relationship in this film, with Jane andLizzie being so secretive from each other. Personally, I think JaneAusten is convulsing in her grave.For a horrible moment during the scene where Darcy prematurely proposesto Lizzy in Kent, I thought for terrible second that despite herrejection, they might just kiss anyway. I also thought that Lizzy mightthrow in a slap for good measure. Again, very poorly realised in thescript. I also couldn't understand the creative team's propensity fortaking some lines directly from the novel and then paring it withobviously dumbed-down lines for those who might have had the filmconfused with "Bride and Prejudice". Tricky Bs and Ps.(Enough with the pouting, Keira.) Poor, poor Wickham. Where was the man in this film who in the bookmeant so much to Lizzy (more than just a little crush) and helped herto learn so much about herself? About 4mins screen time.(Enough with the girlish giggling, Keira. 'Cute' isn't going to cut themustard here.) Finally, (and mainly because I cannot bear to relive the horror of thismovie much longer), did the people who wrote the script have any ideaabout etiquette in this era? Even if in a fit of passions, Catherine deBourgh would never dream of invading a house in the middle of thenight, unless she had recently become a highwayman. And Mr Darcy wouldhardly wander the fields near Longbourne at the break of day just forthe opportunity to catch a glimpse of Lizzy in her nightdress. Forthose who just have to see it anyway, I won't spoil the incrediblecrassness of this moment.And can I just say, why does Keira Knightley have a modern hair-dosticking out from under her wig? Weren't they paying the hairdresserenough? Don't be fooled. Grimy (we're trying very hard to be authentic)presentation is just grime. And you will not be able to wipe it fromyour memory.