We don't know. We think we do but we don't. We make decisions orsometimes decisions are made for us but we think we've made them. Thensuddenly, there we are. We can't be certain how we got there or wherewe will be when everything settles but we do know that we are alive.Some experiences are life altering and we can run from them or embracethem. Staying to see them through though can bring incredible bliss butalso tormented turmoil. We just never know. One such experience was hadby a young Michael Berg (David Kross) and is chronicled in StephenDaldry's THE READER. How could he know that when he pulled into analley to be sick that he would meet the woman who would shape hisentire life? How could he know that getting close to her would pull himthe furthest he's ever been from himself?Of course, when you're a sixteen-year-old boy and a woman who lookslike Kate Winslet disrobes in front of you in the privacy of herbathroom, how much thought really goes into the decision that haspresented itself? However little it is, it is certainly less than iswarranted. This is especially true in West Germany of 1958. This is aGermany that is uncertain how to proceed, how to be its new self in theeyes of the world and the eyes of its very own future generations.Winslet plays Hanna Schmitz, a compassionate woman but also abrasiveand stern. Winslet strikes the perfect balance between directness anddesire in Schmitz, making her complexities part of her appeal. She is agood fifteen years older than the young Berg and she knows much betterthan he of her country's history. What he knows, he has read in books,been taught in school. What she knows, she lived first hand. So whenthe two come together, naked in each other's arms, the meeting is asredemptive as it is passionate. Berg is just happy to be in love andhaving sex but Schmitz is washing herself clean with the youthful vigorof Germany's tomorrow.The summer ends and so does the affair, as one would expect. Just whenit would seem that the two would never meet again, life steps in toensure that past decisions, perhaps made in haste, can come to seetheir consequences. Berg has grown some and is a college man, studyingto be a lawyer, when he catches sight of Hanna Schmitz again. Theirlatest chance encounter is far less exciting though as he sees her on aclass outing to a courthouse. Schmitz is on trial for crimes againsthumanity for her time as an officer in the Nazi party during the SecondWorld War. Berg's memory of his first love would now become a questionof his own morality. How could he love someone who was now accused ofsuch atrocities? How could he be so intimate with someone he apparentlynever truly knew? And yet, now that he knows her past, does he reallyknow how her past came to be? After all, what is the face of evil? Isit Hanna Schmitz or is it something incredibly bigger than her?Ralph Fiennes is the future of Germany. He plays Berg as an adult. Hislife is orderly, very clean, crisp and cold. He made decisions thatmade him the man he is and he can never say whether they were the rightones or not. What he can see is that we all make decisions that eitherhurt or harm other people and that the atrocities committed by his pastgenerations are not as far outside the realm of understanding as hemight have originally thought. More importantly, redemption is not thatfar either.