If you have not seen the movie or if you have not heard to plotsynopsis please take my word for it, this movie is powerful, it mayshake you to the core. It is about hard choices and how we deal withthem. Now please stop reading.p l e a s eHanna's secret, that she is illiterate is so crucial to who she is. Wetend to understand why she acts as she does, but one of the central andpivotal decisions in the movie is Michael's decision to do nothingabout his knowledge of that secret. Pay back for the hurt that she hascaused? I do not think so. It is more a decision to honor her startlingchoice of responsibility for 300 deaths over revelation of her secret.there is no doubt that Hanna also bore guilt for the deaths. She isseemingly the only honest person in the courtroom, telling the truthwhen all have lied. It is only about herself that she lies. Michaelcould have confronted her, could have revealed the information to thecourt in several other ways, certainly through his professor he couldaccess the right people, but he keeps Hanna's secret for her andsuffers for it even more than he had before.This is a story of honest and proud people trying to remain true to whothey believe themselves to be. She does not intellectualize herdecisions, "I was a guard." "You can't let prisoners run loose!" Itnever occurred to her to ask why these people were prisoners but onelook at her life and we see that she too was a prisoner. This does notabsolve her of her guilt, but it does explain her actions. Unlike theother guards she understands too late that there was another way andfor that she accepts responsibility.But even more than the admission in court, her decision to send Michaelto New York produces the most compelling scene in the movie as theagent of the guard confronts the victim and survivor. It is heady stuffand though the victim is sometimes criticized for being cold andbitchy, how else could she be when a stranger brings such news and anapparent plea for forgiveness. And what seems like a cold inquiry,"What was your real relationship with that woman?" turns to be thesource of redemption for Michael, he finally admits to another hissecrets, in the scope of things they are not big, but they have weighedon him for over 30 years by that time.One last thing, the strange sad, beautiful gift of a tin. It was thewrapping that was more valuable than the gift.I did not always understand the motivation of the actors, but in theend their unexplained motives play out as in real life leaving us theviewers to pick up the pieces and move on.