First of all, I'm surprised and disappointed by the weak reviews thisfilm received from a significant number of critics. In my opinion, "TheReader" was, by a small margin, the best Hollywood film of 2008."Milk", 2008, is also excellent, however, I felt "The Reader" was alittle more powerful and the entire cast gave exceptionally good actingperformances, especially newcomer David Kross, as the young MichaelBerg, besides the obvious powerful performance of Kate Winslet, asHanna Schmitz. I considered "Frost/Nixon", "The Curious Case ofBenjamin Button" and "Slumdog Millionaire", all from 2008, to be verygood, but not excellent films. The five films mentioned here were thefive nominees for the Best Picture Oscar of 2008. The feel good"Slumdog Millionaire" won the Oscar for Best Picture.The story is based on a German novel of 1995, and concerns theremembrance of a long ago summer love affair between a 15 year old boyand a 32 year old woman. This story point apparently was objectionableand distasteful to many critics. I disagree with their perspective. Ofcourse, the behavior of Hanna Schmitz, in the story, is wrong andimmoral and could be considered statutory rape. For this offense andthe later, more serious offense committed later by Hanna Schmitz, Ifound myself surprisingly sympathetic to her plight during and afterher trial. The story, as depicted in the film, spans 34 years of thelife of Hanna Schmitz. "The Reader" was shot mostly in Germany, wherethe original story of the novel takes place. I was impressed with theemotional authenticity, weight and honesty of the film. Director Stephen Daldry, with his stage background, does an excellentjob obtaining the best possible performances with all of his actors inthe film. Daldry certainly knows how to tell a story with significantand authentic emotional impact. The courtroom trial is dramaticallyauthentic, powerful and emotional. There is some raw sexuality in thesummer lover affair and it's done with admirable restraint and grace.Though Kate Winslet has given some very good to excellent actingperformances before this film, which include five Oscar nominations, Ifelt this was her most compelling and powerful acting performance ever,since her feature film debut in "Heavenly Creatures", 1994. Thisperformance in "The Reader" represents her sixth Oscar nomination, soit was certainly her time to finally win. Winslet has received six Oscar nominations for acting in only 15 years,which is certainly impressive. Most actors and actresses do not evenreceive a nomination during their entire acting career. Since 2004, itbecame apparent to me that Winslet was an especially gifted andpromising film actress. I have thought of Winslet as "The Great Kate",since 2004. With time, I believe it is certainly possible for her toreach Meryl Streep's amazing acting achievement of 16 Oscarnominations. After Meryl Streep, Kate Winslet is the film actress Ihold with the highest esteem, respect and admiration.Besides Winslet's great acting performance in "The Reader", I was mostimpressed with newcomer David Kross, as the young Michael Berg. As anative German speaker, he not only mastered the English language, heproves himself very genuine and sensitive with his acting and has anauthoritative voice, in this, his third feature film. I will bewatching for future film performances of his, as he appears to have apromising acting future.