In the era of the Beatles a young law student, David Kross, has anintense affair with an older woman, Kate Winslet. She loves it when hereads to her -- "Ulysses," "Huckleberry Finn," Chekhov. The fling lastsonly one summer, then Winslet disappears. One of Kross's seminars takesa field trip to a court in which half a dozen women are being tried forcrimes committed during the war, twenty-five years earlier. Kross isflabbergasted to find that Winslet is not only a defendant but appearsto have been the leader of the female guards, and the one who made thedecision to allow concentration camp inmates to die in a flaming churchrather than free them and allow "chaos" on the streets.Winslet winds up sentenced to life in prison. After ten years or so,Kross -- now morphed into an adult who looks exactly like Ralph Feinnes-- begins sending her taped copies of books, which she devours.After twenty years she is due for release but has no family or othercontacts except Feinnes. He's never visited her or written to her buthe's the only person who is in a position to help her after so manyyears of imprisonment.A couple of things stand out. One is Kate Winslet's performance. It's adifficult role. She must age twenty years on screen, and she mustsomehow combine pathos with a grim determination -- and she does it.She was only in her early thirties when this was shot but she maturesconvincingly, aided by discrete make up that gives her gray hair andrubescent eyelids.During her affair with the virginal Kross, who looks hardly old enoughto be in high school, let alone university, she's constantly takingbaths and showers, which was fine with me. She even takes to havingKross stand naked in the tub while she roughly scrubs him down,haunted, we suppose, by guilt. (Cf., Lady MacBeth.) Mostly shedominates him, ordering him around, postponing their love making untilafter he reads to her. Why does she want him to read books aloud?Because she's illiterate. The viewer doesn't get to know this until sheis in prison. We see her painfully printing simple notes to Feinnesabout what kind of books to read on tape ("more romance"), crossing outmispellings -- the assiduous scrawl of a kindergarten child.The word "redemption" is, I think, way overused. It has a religiousring to it that doesn't always apply, and certainly not here. Time tosubstitute Freud's "undoing", a no-nonsense, strictly non-metaphysicalact of "making up" for the harm you've done. In this case, it devolvesinto the delivery of a cheap tin can that once held tea and now holds apitifully small amount of carefully saved money, a carefully nurturednest egg of no consequence at all.