This jewel of a movie delivers a rich and subtle moral message aboutthe legacy of the Holocaust. It is a story about two people fromdifferent generations in Germany whose lives intertwine over the last 4decades in the 20th century. Their relationship begins with an unseemlybut wholly believable love affair between Michael, an intelligent,winsome, privileged 15 year-old, and Hannah, a 33 year-old trolley carattendant who's interior life is never made available us. We know heronly in what we can glean from the outside. Tho she is worn andhardened, Winslet's physical beauty combines with the opacity of Hannahmotives and Michael's youthful innocence to excite powerful sensual,erotic and complex tensions. We know Hannah from the beginning as apoor, lonely and emotionally remote older woman. Though illiterate, sheloves good literature and shows unpolished intellectual complexity.From her first interaction with Michael, we know she is capable ofacting out of human compassion. All this reminds us that her life mighthave been very different, if only . . . In contrast, Michael has moregifts, but despite his seemingly good family, his intelligence andwinning nature, his whole life (like that of his generation) is hauntedby this relationship and its effects not just his life but through him,his daughter's life as well. The affair lasts only a summer and though it dominates the 1st half ofthe movie. Over the next 40 years, they directly interact only twice inbrief encounters, but Michael's whole life is shaped by this affair andmetaphorically parallels the lives of Germans born after the horror ofNazism but indelibly stained by that history and their familialconnections to those who lived through it. For we next learn that inthe 1960's Hannah is charged along with other former SS guards ofcommitting Nazi war crimes. While the story is told withoutheavy-handed moralism and only glancing reminders of the horrifichistorical events, viewers will be disappointed if they expect the restof the movie to offer some resolution in the lives of these charactersor if they think even a qualifiedly sympathetic view of Germans ismorally intolerable in any work that touches on the Holocaust. For thefull power of this movie is only apparent if the audience puts itselfin the shoes of the main characters, and in the process sees them notonly symbols of the German generations but expressions of our own frailhumanity. Hannah's and Michael's lives are inextricably intertwined asare the lives of pre & post-war German generations. Tho they areGermans, they are, like all humans, trapped in the circumstances of ourlives, the conditions that make us beneficiaries or prisoners thrucomplicity in the accidents and historical circumstances within whichwe are born and shaped, circumstances outside our control. Yet if wehave any decency, we recognize and take moral responsibility for allour choices, whatever circumstances our choices place us in. If beforeher trial we wondered what Hannah might have been, we must also wonderher motives in leaving Michael, in fleeing from job promotions, in herlove of literature and especially in her actions and choices at thetrial. The power of this movie comes in making this imaginativeidentification with both Hannah & Michael, then reflecting on all thequestions implied by the choices they make in their lives. that areleft for us to puzzle about in each and every scene of this movie.