Before I start reviewing, let me say something personal: As a German,one can hardly watch movies about the Holocaust, WWII or any relatedtopic unbiased. As I have discovered myself, no German family iswithout a history related to the Third Reich, almost none are withoutgrave guilt, or at least the fear thereof, and most who say otherwiseeither lie knowingly, or simply try to evade further inquiry. Reading some of the other reviews, I realized that for me, the movieconveyed something slightly, but decisively different: It is not somuch about understanding HOW people could ever do the things they did,but rather how it is possible, that people we love, and people thathave been loved by people we love could be so guilty and so loving, sodespicable and lovable at the same time. It is about how we expect theguilt to show up somehow, how we expect to know the killer, themonster, at first sight and say: how could anyone not have seen it? Yetwe have to admit sooner or later, that we were wrong, or were we? Thequestion really is: How could I have ever loved someone who did thingsas horrible and disgusting as Hannah did? And just as much: If I amunmerciful now, having learned of their guilt, is it because they didwhat they did, or because they disappointed my own belief in theirinnocence?At one point, Hanna Schmitz asks the judge: "What would you havedone?", and I think that therein lies an even more disturbing andunsettling question: What would I have done? What would you have done?How can anyone know for sure what WE would done? It is too easy tothink of oneself as morally sound, with a firm belief in what is rightand wrong. It's what Germans call the "mercy of late birth" - theluxury of not having been in the position to make that choice. So, what made this movie worth giving the full 10 points out of 10? Itis well-crafted, well-played, believable, at times even beautiful. Itcaptures both the fascination Michael feels with Hannah, and hisdisbelief, even disgust while exploring the ugly truth about her past.It conveys the struggle between our compassion and the reluctance toshow mercy against the ones who did not. It leaves the viewer with thesame, disturbing questions that have not been answered sufficiently inthe past 60 years (nor will they ever be). It does not provide simpleanswers, but rather raises more questions, left to be unanswered. AsLena Olin's Character says: "If you want Catharsis, go to the theater!"Other than providing beautiful, well-toned cinematography, awell-written script, love of detail and convincing performances even bythe supporting cast - what more can you expect from a truly greatmovie?