Kate Winslet deserved the Oscar she won for her role as Hanna Schmitz,who snares a teenage lover, Michael Berg (David Kross) and lateremerges as an accused war criminal, sentenced after a trial to life inprison. Michael, then a law student, observes the trial throughout.Fast forward. The boy whom Hanna bedded, now an adult (Ralph Fiennes),acts after a long delay on a key issue he recognized during Hanna'strial and did nothing about, though it might have brought Hanna a muchshorter prison term. Hanna is illiterate and could not have written thereport on the crime which she and other female guards committed. Herconfession in open court that she wrote the report is all thatseparates her from the other guards who receive significantly shortersentences. The younger Michael does not tell the court that Hannacannot read or write, but the older Michael begins sending Hanna tapeafter tape after tape of things he had read to her during their summerof love-making and much, much more. From the tapes, Hanna learns toread and learns to write. She is no longer illiterate. (I'll omit theending. No reason to spoil it for those who haven't seen the film.) Hanna's reason for not defending herself in court -- shamed by herilliteracy -- is comprehensible (barely). The reason Michael, the lawstudent, gives for not disclosing the truth to the court, is that heshould not violate her desire to keep her shame private. But theactions of the adult Michael are difficult, if at all possible, tocomprehend. It must have taken him many months, perhaps a couple ofyears, to record all the books he sends her and why does he do it?Memory of a distant love affairs? That scarcely seems a satisfactorymotivation. Guilt at having failed to rescue her from her own lie? Thatisn't a sufficient explanation either. Still in love with her? Noreason to think that's the case.What we are left with then is a superb piece of acting in service of afilm that, ultimately, fails of its own weight. That failure does notaffect young David Kross's excellent acting during his love affair withHanna, but it undermines the character of the law student that he laterbecomes and it leaves Ralph Fiennes without a sturdy foundation for histurn as the older Michael. As a result, despite Kate Winslet'soutstanding performance, I was disappointed by this movie.