Incroyable beautiful and sad movie, raising a lot of question aboutguilt, justice, cowardice and self honesty. As I'd never seen before amovie in which Kate Winslett was acting, I didn't know that she is...absolutely breathtaking ! Fantastic actress, in a part that must nothave been easy to play. As true compliments can I write about DavidKross, the young lover of Hanna. And Ralph Fiennes, still having asmaller part is not left behind. The whole movie is incredible, and forwhom would know me, all the stories about what happened in Germanyduring last WW2, usually bother me a lot and don't interest me. Ofcourse I don't deny anything of the horrible things, but on my tastes,there are just too many films dealing about the Holocauste... So I'mfed up with them. And as soon as I read a synopsis telling about thistopic, I usually just pass straight by. But his one is eventually asuperb exception. As I am a "reading lover", the tittle retained myattention, so I came upon to read a little more about the movie. Afterhaving seen a trailer, it convinced me to have a deeper look on i, andmany comments here on the site gave an indication of how good should bethe movie. So my comment is to say : no regret at all ! The movie is sosad, that I'm not sure to see it again, but nevertheless I couldstrongly recommend it to anyone who likes drama. The atmosphere in soright, no false note. About the story, for sure I just cried as Iunderstood that the male protagonist Young Michael Berg was not goingto say what he knew, what would have pleaded for her defense and finalsentence. True what did Hanna was out of mind... a shame ! But not tosay the truth from former Hanna's lover was almost more horrible,because he did it consciously. I hated him, I mean his cowardice...just let's say the director followed just the most dramatic possiblescenario. And yes, for the intensity of the drama, it's the rightchoice. I really disliked this part, but it is so well filmed andacted, that now I can smile and laugh of it... I'm still in the movie:-)On my opinion, Hanna was part of this large majority of the German whodid unbelievable and insane things, but once they really realized whatthey did and were part of, were deeply ashame, even though as she said,the were dead forever. That's the only reason why she run away,disappearing unexpectedly. She couldn't stand to love someone, with thedeep pain she had inside.And one of the movie strong point is when a law student youngsterraised the question about the fact everyone in Germany knew whathappened, and only a few were sentenced to jail. Of course, it is quietdifficult to put, let's say between 60 to 80% of a large country'spopulation...So this is a sad movie, about a strong topic...Highly recommended !*** a film is never really good unless the camera is an eyes in thehead of a poet Orson Welles ***