"The Reader" isn't about the Holocaust, about Auschwitz, about Germancollective guilt or the guilt of complicit or evil individuals, eventhough it features a World War II war crimes trial. It is not about alove story, though there is a beautiful, sexy love story depicted init. It is about the transformative power of art, in particular, in thiscase, literature. And literature, a teacher at one point in the filmsays, is centrally about the control of information?the protecting, thewithholding, the selective disclosing of information (whether bycharacters in the story or by its narrator). If we accept this thesis,literature is crucially about secrets, and "The Reader" is largely,primarily about the harm keeping secrets can do. When Michael (RalphFiennes) decides, after all, not to visit Hannah (Kate Winslet) duringthe trial he is observing as part of his training as a young lawstudent, to press her to disclose to the court the information thatwould partially exculpate her from the worst, false accusation againsther?which could lessen her sentence?it is hard to figure. But it makessense if we understand, as above, what the film is about, and see thathe has decided to let her harm herself with her pridefully protectedsecret just as she so deeply hurt him by her refusal to admit the samesecret to him. That's why he later doesn't write to her along withsending the tapes. Why, when he asks whether she thinks about the past,he doesn't mean their past, but her own guilty history. Why he is notmore tender in that visit. In sending her the tapes, he thus clearly isnot re-enacting a lover's tender mercies. He is offering her an avenueto her own richer partaking in the kind of exploration of human moralexperience, questioning of choices and, ultimately, self-examinationthat literature presents opportunity for. And, one surmises, itworks?additionally prompted by the emotional distance evinced and moralquery posed during his final visit to her?with the sad but perhaps justtwist represented by her subsequent, final choice. He later unburdenshimself to his daughter, as, earlier, the lifelong emotional distancehe has held himself in in the protection of his own deep secret hasearlier been revealed to have harmed her (among others, we mustassume), and his relationships with her and them.