Using post-war Germany as its settings, The Reader is a fascinatingexploration of guilt, responsibility, love, shame, the power of thepast and the loss of innocence; it's a very complete portrait ofMankind, with its darkness and light, its love and cruelty.Fifteen-year old Michael Berg (David Kross) meets Hanna Schmitz. Arelationship develops. For Michael it's entering the world of sex; butfor Hanna it's the birth of something more special. For the time theyspend together, Michael is obliged to read aloud to her. During asummer they live a strange relationship of sex and literature. Then shemoves away without notice.Year later, Michael, a law student, travels with his teacher andcolleague to witness a trial in which six female concentration campguards are being judged. Hanna Schmitz is one of them. This is only thebeginning for Michael of discovery which will change the way he saw theinnocent days when he read to Hanna.I've come to expect nothing short of technical and visual excellencyfrom the collaborations of director Stephen Daldry and screenwriterRichard Hare. Billy Elliot and The Hours were two amazing dramas inwhich human relationships were at the center of the action, and TheReader is no different. Kate Winslet pours everything she has into thesecretive, weary-looking Hanna. It's a great performance (but not myfavorite) by this generation's greatest actress.Ralph Fiennes unpredictably also gives a great performance, standing inas the older Michael Berg, whose reminiscences are the bulk of thestory. He's a man obsessed with the past, unlike Hannah, for whom "thedead are still dead." David Kross is also good. He portrays a fairlyinnocent kid who slowly discovers the cruelty and unfairness of theadult world. He sacrifices everything for the afternoons with Hanna:friends, family. His feeling of betrayal is quite visible in thecourtroom scenes.It's also worth mentioning the joint cinematography of masters RogerDeakins and Chris Menges. It's pretty easy to spot which scene was shotby whom, so different are their styles. But even their differences workfor the movie's benefit, with Deakin's bright colors in the outdoorscenes contrasting with Menges' dark interiors.The Reader was one of the best movies of 2008 and well worth watching.