The Reader tries to tackle questions as broad as What is truth? What isjustice? And, more narrowly, who should be singled out to pay for anation's collective guilt? But the key question confronting law studentMichael Berg (David Kross) is respect for Hanna Schmitz' (Kate Winslet)privacy versus the truth needed for justice.The film, directed by Stephen Daldry and based on a work of fiction DerVorleser by Bernhard Schlink, touched on stereotypical elements of theGerman psyche such as an excessive need for order and approval bysuperiors and helped to explain why good Germans became Hitler'swilling executioners. Reader is a very good movie thanks in part to theacting of Winslet and Kross (younger Michael). This is nothing againstthe acting of Ralph Fiennes (older Michael), but the defining scenes ofthe movie involved the younger rather than the older Michael. At timesthe film moved slowly as Daldry kept the camera on Winslet or Fiennesas if to give us time to try to decipher what secrets were in theirminds. Would the film have been better in German with sub-titles?Perhaps, but I think Winslet and Fiennes made convincing enoughGermans.One scene is reminiscent of Dustin Hoffman and Anne Bancroft in TheGraduate, but under the freer standards of 2008 versus 1968 the filmgoes on to show the culmination of their encounter. Is this a goodthing or not? Perhaps The Graduate's bedroom scene suggested thecontrast between jaded experience and unsure enthusiasm better than TheReader showed it in living color. The Reader also presents a reflectionof a theme from Sophie's Choice (a great book, but a not-so-greatmovie) from the point of view of the prison guard rather than theprisoner.Another sub-plot deals with the reason six low-level female camp guardswere tried for war crimes 21 years after the war's end. A survivor ofthe camps had published a book singling out these six. Such a bookcould have been a source of renewed anti-Semitism as Germans asked whythe survivor is reopening old wounds by going after women who were onlyfollowing orders. But Daldry brings this sub-plot to a meaningfulclose. In a difficult encounter that takes place in New York in 1995,Fiennes and the survivor (Rose Mather, played by Lena Olin) try to cometo grips with forgiveness, absolution and responsibility.At the end of the movie, we are left with two questions: Was HannaSchmitz an unfeeling monster who felt no remorse for her part in themurder of 300 human beings, and who used (and statutorily raped)15-year old Michael Berg for her own pleasure? Or did Kate Winsletconvince us that Hanna was a victim: a naïve young woman who believedshe was only doing her duty for the Fatherland and engaging in aharmless, mutually pleasurable relationship with Michael Berg? And whatabout Michael Berg? Was he always destined to be an amoral attorney whonever acknowledged the guilt of his parent's generation, including theguilt of Hanna? Or was he the victim?never able to enter into fullrelationships with others because of his youthful affair with Hanna?