Okay, I'll admit it; Kate Winslet is my favorite actress of thisgeneration. So, I might be a bit biased towards her, but I try not tobe. Yes, she is incredibly beautiful, but she is also incrediblytalented. She becomes the characters she portrays. I believed her ashopelessly romantic Marianne in "Sense and Sensibility", as insaneOphelia in "Hamlet", as quirky Clementine in "Eternal Sunshine of theSpotless Mind". Now I believe her as cold yet passionate Hanna Schmitz,an older woman that has an affair with a much younger man while hidingdark secrets from him. Watching the film I believe Winslet is German,and I also believe she is capable of the crimes she is accused of inthe film. She is sharp and cold in her encounters with other people,yet we still can sense warmth hidden inside. Winslet is absolutelybrilliant in her portrayal and she finally won an Oscar for it. (Shewas nominated 5 times before her win, further proof of her abilities.)But I don't want to take away anything from the other actors. RalphFiennes is great as the older Michael, but it's David Kross that holdhis own against Winslet. His portrayal of both the innocent andmaturing Michael is truly great. I've read some reviews that complain that this is just another Oscarbaiting Holocaust movie. I'll agree that it does lack some of theemotional punch that other films had that year, perhaps this wassomething that was lost in the translation from the original book. Butto discount this as just another Holocaust movie is not fair; it is amovie that poses complex questions about ourselves and about oursecrets. We all have them and often we go out of our way to keep them.Do we hide them so that we can belong? Or do we hide them out of pureshame? In the film one character keeps a secret that hurts another, theother character keeps a secret that hurts them self. Why? And why did Icare so much for someone that was so cruel? These are some interestingquestions and the film left me wondering about human nature and why wedo the things we do and feel the way we feel. I can always appreciate afilm that makes me ponder such things.