I'm an avid Twilight reader and stalker (yes I went to Hot Topic tour.)I can't remember a time when I was SO anxious and excited to see amovie. I just saw Twilight at a screening in San Francisco on 11/17. Ileft the theatre feeling?..indifferent.First of all, I knew the movie was not going to be based exactly to thebooks but at the same time it kind of hurts me to say that it justwasn't good. ~sigh I felt that the director Catherine tried to bringher indie elements into the Hollywood style movie that just didn'twork. The opening scene with the deer was alright, but I was just aboutto laugh out loud when the movie got to Edward and Bella finallyacknowledging what Edward truly was. This was the biggest issue I had.I didn't think viewers were able to experience the intensity of Bellaand Edward relationship. I wouldn't believe that Bella was ready toplace her undying pledge to go vamp at the end. The scene was sochoppy, where it felt like the scene was full of greatest hits of oneliners all cram into this one scene. It wasn't the turning point aswhere it should have been. The movie was clearly not based on romance,which is the ultimate theme of the book. The movie hastily breezedthrough the courtship development to finally get to the lingeringaction sequence.I like Robert but he just couldn't pull off a convincing Edward. Hisreaction to Bella in Biology class was just laughable. Again Catherinetrying to pull the artsy camera cuts--- silly, silly. Jasper's reactionwas humorous also.Edward's showing Bella who he was in the sun was not remarkable. Hisbody hardly glisten. Couldn't they get Britney's Swarovski body suitfrom her "Toxic" video? The movie nicely brought out Rosalie's dislikefor Bella. Alice was very convincing and good. Carlise was attractiveand fitting.I was surprised by the diverse student body of Forks. I liked Jessica alot. It was hard to see her as the small minded character as how shewas written in the book.All in all, this movie wasn't made for fans of the book, but to luremoviegoers into (hopefully) the film franchise.Little things that could have been included in the movie to make thereaders happy wasn't included. Such as why couldn't Bella wear the blueV neck sweater when meeting the Cullens for the first time? Whycouldn't Bella attack Edward on the onset of their first kiss? Whycouldn't Edward's couch be black? Why did James bite Bella on herforearm and not her hand? As a Twilighter, I think I may go see it again just to see if myreactions change, but I wouldn't recommend this film to anynon-Twilighters.