After the enormous flurry of attention Stephanie Meyer's literaryseries attracted (a unique hybrid of Romeo and Juliet style teenageangst and hormonal lust and supernatural horror), a cinematicadaptation seemed not only inevitable but almost expected, providingsultry visuals to the tale of starstruck lovers and proving thedefinitive date movie for months to come. However, the curse ofmainstream literary adaptations proves inescapable, with excitementsurrounding the release leading to the film being somewhat unreasonablyover-hyped. And while Twilight is hardly a complete failure of a filmby any standards, there remains the inescapable sense of its existencebeing geared to match up to a set standard rather than simply aiming tosucceed as a film, making for the overall result being uniformlydisappointing, whether for fans of the source material or thoseunfamiliar with the novels. Few Hollywood productions have the concern of appealing to both thedemographics flocking to romances and supernatural action films, and assuch, the impression is frequently given of Twilight biting off morethan it can chew. This indecision between concentrating on thesupernatural or romantic facets of the film leads to one of the moreglaring flaws of the picture - the sense of neither being devotedenough focus to truly excel. While the climactic battle is gruesomelyeffective, for the most part, the film's special effects appear rushed,under-budgeted and just plain sloppy, coasting by on horrendouslyunconvincing slow motion to represent vampire super-speed and makingmoments which should have been filled with wonder and awe instead evokeunintentional laughs and groans. However, Meyer's revisionist take onvampire lore is intriguing, and the viewer wishes the film had delvedinto the technical aspects of immortal vampire lifestyles further - asequence where protagonist Bella slowly begins to suspect the trueidentity of the mysterious boy she has found herself involved with isimpressively eerie and chilling. Such moments are aided incalculably bythe tremendous musical score of Carter Burwell, whose bold mix ofbrassy Gothic themes and eerie, chilling motifs perfectly complimentsthe intensity of the film. However, Twilight's main concern lies in its script, which boasts someparticularly gruesome patches of dialogue apart from the general lackof characterisation one has sadly grown to expect from the teen romancegenre. Similarly, despite director Catherine Hardwicke appearing to bethe perfect candidate to helm such a film (with directorial debutThirteen demonstrating a keen knowledge of the teenage girl mentality),her handling of the source material is unfortunately shaky.The filmrepeatedly falls prey to the "Harry Potter syndrome", feeling somewhatclunky in its almost robotic adherence to its source material, givingit the sense of jumping awkwardly from plot point to plot point andlacking the necessary cohesion and narrative flow. But most importantly, for a film revolving around its central romanticattraction and sexual tension, the audience is never really given thechance to FEEL the romance, to be drawn in by the mutual lust andentrapment of the two leads for one another. In an oddly rushedsequence, the budding romance between protagonists Bella and Edward isreduced to a couple of nonchalant sessions of hanging out, mostlydemonstrated through montage, after which Bella's (largely unnecessary)narration declares her unequivocal love for Edward. This rather abrupttransition would toe the line of appearing satirical of teenage romancewere it not for the fact that the viewer realises the moment is meantto be completely heartfelt. What was likely far more effective inliterary form, with the chance to understand Bella's emotions andmental process making the romance far more credible does not translateinto film. As such, with this crucial central romance lacking thenecessary spark which made the novel such a success, Twilight, for allof its periodic cinematic potential, just feels somewhat unnecessary. The film's casting is perfectly passable, supplying a sufficientvariety of up and coming pristine teenage beauties capable of essayingtheir character types, yet for a book which was driven by such genuineintensity and passion, one can't help thinking of all the performancesas somewhat listless and flat. While Kristen Stewart makes a passableromantic lead as headstrong Bella, she lacks the necessary charismaticspark to truly make the viewer warm to her, making her teenaged-angstinterludes harder to empathise with. Robert Pattinson does his best asteenage dreamboat vampire Edward, sharing strong chemistry withStewart, even if his "sultry, moody glances" delve into themelodramatic to the point of verging on comical at times. The rest ofthe cast give rather bland but serviceable performances, the standoutsbeing Cam Gigandet who is mercifully given the chance to gleefullychomp on scenery and generate sufficient menace as sadistic villainousvampire James and Ashley Greene who essays the ideal balance of beingsweetly charming without being overly chirpy as Edward's kind-heartedsister Alice. However, despite his best efforts, Billy Burke is forcedto wade through "stern but absent father" clichés to the point of beingalmost invisible as Bella's emotionally stunted parental figure, andTaylor Lautner fares little better as mysterious prospective loveinterest Jacob. While Twilight is hardly a failure on all fronts, with a sporaticpeppering of effective moments, the word which most ably describes thefilm as a whole is 'passable', lacking the necessary intensity orimpact to truly hit home. It is easy to envision the adaptation beingfar more satisfying if done as a smaller, independent productionoutside the shadow of Hollywood, one which would not shy away fromcapturing the true passion and intensity of the central relationshipwithout baulking at the prospect of a simmering yet sexless teenagerelationship. As is, Hardwicke's film is content to succumb to clichéand sloppy, complacent storytelling, making it far too 'bloodless' totruly satisfy. -4/10