This review may contain spoilers. You've been warned. Twilight was aterrible film adaption of a, let's face it, mediocre novel. I went intothe theater with an open mind, not expecting brilliance, but expectingto be entertained. Well, I guess I was technically entertained since Ilaughed throughout most of the movie. Sadly, I wasn't laughing atpurposely funny moments. I was laughing at the awkward "acting" of theactors and the terrible dialogue.Now this is where it gets tricky: Do we blame the screenwriter or theauthor? The movie made me realize just how corny the book's dialoguewas. I found myself rolling my eyes, when I wasn't laughing, at everyword out of the actor's mouth. Especially the dialogue between Edwardand Bella. Now, the dialogue could have been over looked if the actorswere able to deliver them. Alas, whoever decided to do casting for thisfilm decided to cast every "actor" with the acting ability of atoaster. Now, a toaster is a inanimate object and therefore cannot act.Get the hint? What made me laugh the hardest was at the end of themovie when Bella's mother decides to inform Phil VIA TEXT MESSAGE thatBella is alright. I was so shocked that she was really texting him thatI turned to my friend and whispered "Bella's okay, L-O-L". Really,though. Text messages? I would think that informing your potentialspouse of your child's well being would warrant a phone call at least.Now, I have to point out the scene where Edward decides to flash Bellathe goods. He want's to educate her in the ways of the vampire. Hecannot go out into sunlight NOT because he'll burn or turn to dust, butbecause he turns into a failed children's art project. Reading thescene in the book I already knew whoever turned the book into a filmwas going to have issues with the scene. However, I really thoughtthey'd aim for something above spraying Robert Pattinson with waterthen dumping craft store glitter on him. I didn't even notice the"sparkles" at first. My friend turned to me and commented "The sun hitshim and he gets gross and sweaty?" because, let's face it, that's whathe looked like. Damp and dirty. Oh baby, I can hardly contain myself! Icould go on and nit pick at everything, but I'm just going to wrap itup and say this movie was awful and I'm disappointed in thescreenwriter as well as the director. I feel like Hardwicke was toofocused on making the mise-en-scene beautiful and aestheticallypleasing, which is all well and good, but in doing so she over lookedher cast of actors who would probably get over looked at a high schoolplay audition with the way they displayed their acting abilities inthis movie. Though, maybe I take back the part of being disappointed inthe screenwriter since you can only do so much with the source materialyou're handed.BRING ON THE TWILIGHT FANS! I CAN TAKE THEM! *Shields at maximumpower!*