Let me begin this by saying that when the Twilight book first came out,some of my friends loved it, and I decided to buy and read it formyself. I finished Twilight feeling annoyed, pretty much dragged myselfthrough New Moon, and didn't even try to read Eclipse or Breaking Dawnor whatever night-time-titled monster Meyer is planning to create.Now, one of my friends had an extra ticket to a premiere of Twilightthe movie, so I guessed, why not. I might actually like it now that wedon't have to hear/read Bella's narration admire Edward'sface/eyes/hair/breath/toenails time and time again (little did I knowthe film would include cheesy voice overs by a monotone Kristen Stewartstraight from the novel).To protect myself from the inevitable angry rages of hopelessly devotedTwilight fans, I will begin with the positive comments on this movie.1. Pretty good visuals, nice colors. 2. Great soundtrack/music, especially when Edward plays the piano. 3. The actors playing the Cullens are all enjoyable, and because oftheir performances I grew pretty fond of the screen versions ofCarlisle and Jasper. 4. They did a good job with the baseball game - when I read it in thebook I just found it ridiculous.Off to why I really wrote this review- to express my absolutehatred/disgust for the "acting skills" of Kristen Stewart. I don'tunderstand all this raving over her performances, in this movie she wasso unemotional and dead I thought she'd already been bitten by avampire. And its not just the type of mediocre acting you can justbrush away - her plain, expressionless face and deadpan voice wasalmost painful to watch in all of her scenes that were supposed to bedramatic. The only part it seems she put effort in to actuallymanipulate the muscles in her face or raise her voice was the lasthospital scene, and even that didn't impress me that much. Yes, she didher job and screamed and writhed after James' bite, but couldn't I atleast see those angry eyebrows tilt a little? Actually move? No Oscarfor this one, folks.The movie does its job to faithful novel fans by including real linesfrom the book itself and passionate, bubbling chemistry between themain characters Bella and Edward, so that probably made them not payany attention to its flaws and declare this "PERFECT!!" or "D BESTMOVIE EVR!!!!!1!11!1"Now I'm not telling everyone to hate this movie, I mean, if you enjoyit and like watching it, go ahead, I'm not complaining. But do notproclaim Twilight - The Movie as the best-created or best-acted oranything like that, because it's not true. Lastly, do not respond tothis review in some irate, screaming, capitalized comment about how I'mstupid or I'm a loser for not liking Twilight, because I'm not evenarguing with any fans.