Sometimes it happens. To everyone.It happens to be comfortably sitting on some velvet chairs of a fancymultiplex and start thinking:"What the heck am I doing here?!". Ithappens to watch one of those ?soon 9.99 Blockbusters- hyper advertisedmovies and end up wondering how can people really spend money for suchcrap and why do people complain for the low level of TV broadcasterswhen they ?we?- massively populated absurdly useless screenings incinemas.What does not happen so often, luckily, is to feel a real physical painwhile watching a movie. But let us not go too fast.The story was quite commercial since the beginning, I know, but thisdid not mean that it was forcely impossible to make a good2-hours-and-something movie out of that. Obviously you all know that itwas not the case for Twilight.A seventeen years old teenager just moved to live with her father inFork ?a forgotten place in the middle of USA ? because her mother hadto follow her new love, a baseball player. Her arrival in town meanssome of those usual things we are all used to watch in American moviessince we were born, embarrassing moment with her dad and strangebehavior of new schoolmates included. But, as the movie is not aboutthe personal crisis of an underage living in a new place, the storyrapidly steers.And I say rapidly because, from the first ten minutes onwards, thedirector literally take the hands of the spectators and leads them intoone of the most artificial, obvious and extraordinarily cheap plots Ihave ever happened to follow.The girl ? AnnaBella ? catches the attention of the most strange guy inschool who is mysterious, cute and different from the others enough tolet everyone understand since the first shot that yes, he will be theco-protagonist. Coup de theatre, we almost immediately discover that heis a vampire, but a good one. That he has superpowers but do not useany for spying Laetitia Casta under the shower. That he loves humanblood but he calls himself vegetarian because he drinks only animalsone. Enough to push you already out of the room? It can get worse, holdon a second more.The atomic duo fight against their feelings ? for some 3-4 minutes, notmore ? and start getting into deep and intellectual discussions as:?How old are you? Seventeen. For how long have you been Seventeen? Fora while."(...)Or: ?I am the most evil predator in the world. No, you are not, I cansee it"..and so on..Suddenly some bad vampires jump on the scene and, for some unexplainedancient rule, they start hunting the human-wanna-be-vampire for killingher and tasting her blood. End of the story, the evil ones are defeated? but not completely so...get ready to Twilight 2!- and the tworomantic freaks swear each other eternal love.Now, seriously, what was the need to produce such a movie?Every time the carachters started to speak I had the unstoppable desireof going to the police and sue the director ? lucky him I did not evenremember his name ?: poor dialogs, meaningless soundtrack and a castmade probably by amateurs completed the masterpiece.I know that advertising is the most powerful push anyone can have to dosomething nowadays and I see how the whole thing worked out perfectlyfor this waste of time named Twilight but, seriously, during the time Ihave been sitting ? and disturbing people sitting next to me -I had thefeeling of being fooled or definitely taken as a huge dumb ass from thedirector.I am sorry to say such things as I am sorry to spit on someone else'swork but, as some wiseman said in a movie I watched when I was a littlekid ?Some people was born for studying and some for working in fields".Same applies to directors.