I give it a point more from awful because it adhered pretty well to themediocre book. And also because Kristen Stewert played Bella very well- perfectly in fact. The casting (appearance-wise) was actually goodoverall. However, everything goes downhill from here.I KNEW going in, that it was going to be a bad movie; but after seeingthe cast and some interviews prior, I gained a bit of hope for it.Little did I know that it would be the most ludicrous and horriblemovie I've ever sat through in my whole entire life.I knew it was bad on my part to support it by watching it openingweekend. But the movie was so ridiculous and god-awful (I've neverlaughed or cringed for a movie as much as I did that night) that my $10was actually WORTH the hopefully-once-in-a-lifetime entertainingexperience. (I am NOT going to see the 2nd movie, unless it is aGod-send). I also know that adaptations can be a bit hard to swallow,but it's not even worth the title of being a "film".ON EDWARD: Unfortunately, I was NOT anesthetized with an absoluteadoration for Pattinson; thus I had to agonizingly sit (more likecringe) through variations of his "sexy-gaze" while he regurgitated hislines through a mouth barely open to keep his fangs in. It was likewatching Hayden Christenson (as Anikin Skywalker) in Star Wars 2&3 allover again. As I felt sorry for Portman then, I feel sorry for KristenStewert now. At least Star Wars made up for it with its cool CG effects. Whichbrings me to my next point.ON EFFECTS: Why did they need so much money, only to present us withTHOSE graphics? How could they make a vampire so...UNAPPEALING? If thebook was lacking in plot ANYWAYS, it was their DUTY to do a fantasticjob on the effects!! I duly give them credit for 2 segments they did...I guess it was smart of the filmmakers to make this movie NOW, whist itis leveraged by the adaptation/remake trend in the current filmindustry as well as the undying support of hormonally ravaged tweengirls in need of better literature. Maybe I'm getting too old, or maybeour society is spoiled and will never be as creative as it used to be.Hey, they succeeded in making a profitable film - that's obviously allthey care about these days, anyways.