This is easily one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This film wasprobably the most hyped up teen film this year. I wasn't even all thatinterested when I saw the trailer but my friend said she liked it whenshe saw it so I decided to give it a chance. And after a painful halfhour of it I don't think I can go on to finish the rest of the film andwaste another hour of my life. This is very obviously targeted towards a teen audience, especially amaterialistic, impressionable, and empty minded teen audience. The town is constantly overcast and somber, with some very stoic orangsty high schoolers strutting around. The new girl who comes to townand have to drive up to school in a rusting old pickup truck is supposeto evoke some sort of empathy as a misfit in a new place. But it's hardto relate when all the boys are throwing themselves at her, andbecoming friends with her just so they have a chance to ask her toprom. And the hot guy from the mysterious rich "in crowd", who doesn'teven give the time of day to any other girls also can't seem to stopdisrupting her concentrated stoicism with his awkward small talk andflirting. How she made her friends is very reminiscent of late 90s teenromance movies, and fairly unlike real high school scenarios. She justhas to sit there angrily minding her own business while people startrunning up to her happy to make friends.One thing, if they're vampires, why are they not spontaneouslycombusting during the daytime? And since when are vampires able to eatand drink at high school cafeterias?So anyway, with all the over-posed staring contests between the twointensely pretty lead characters, they manage to find some lacklusterand meaningless conversation between themselves. The script is very bland, witless, and pretentious. The main charactersseem too busy posing and modeling rather than acting. The female leadjust comes off as defensive and angry, while the male lead seems a bitditzy and awkward. I'm hoping it's because he's having a hard timedoing a convincing American accent. I've seen better scripts on Dlisted TV shows, and more romantic chemistry from pickup lines in Irishpubs.The movie might have been more successful if the volume was off.