Okay, I just got back from watching "Twilight" and I must say,cheesiest, choppiest, worst characterization of a movie I have seen inyears and by far the worst Book adaptation I've ever seen! It even beatmy discontentment with Ella Enchanted.As avid readers, we do not go to a movie to see "surprises" or scriptchanges! We go to the movie to see our favorite books displayed out infront of us to see how our minds and visuals compare. Bella was suppose to be funny, she was way too bloody serious! Kristengo get some facial expressions, terror is not love and lookinginsensitive all the time is not what the character Bella is all about!She's so clumsy it's funny, she's sarcastic, you took out ALL of myfavorite lines! And their should have been more chemistry between Jacoband Bella, it's like hey look their vamps, haha now you can leave.She's comical, did you even read the book? Edward, don't' look so constipated all the time. Like jeez you'resuppose to be tense, not looking like you had too much carbohydratesand not enough water. Not only that you didn't' portray Edward'sgenuine gentleman side at all, the loving chivalrous side! And where isthat infamous half smile! Honestly i'll make a list for all of yourcharacters! An essay about each and everyone on how readers want themportrayed and what scenes we could do with out.Alice was awesome, Jasper, very nice! Rosalie, hell down pat! Emmet,please face baseball cap forward, it's annoying. actually don't wearhats, Emmet's not wangster and you look hot without it. Carlisle pleasecause some more fatherly emotion but good! Esme, you do alright. One question plagues me though... WHY WEREN"T THEY GIVEN MORE LINES?Like jeez! I understand your need to save time because no one wants tosit through a six hour movie but if it had to be three and a halfhours, we'd enjoy it! Jacob Black, awesome casting!!!! But give him more lines, I saw TylerLautner in Sharkboy and Lavagirl, he's a really good actor, ACTUALLYwhy don't you JUST FOLLOW THE BOOK!! Come on everyone loved HarryPotter and Lord of the Rings. I read those books and especially inHarry Potter didn't' have any troubles with their movie adaptations,actually i didn't realized when they changed something! OK maybe somechapters were taken out but it didn't ruin the overall point and it wasfunny loving and mischievous. I loved those books and those movies. The chemistry between Bella and Edward was lacking. I actually didn't care to get up and go bathroom in between, i prettymuch didn't' care to miss any of it. THIS IS A POPULAR BOOK! You'readaptation sucked major insignificant crap. I mean just look at yourmovie rating! For a book that beat Harry Potter's final book, I meanbest seller's list and it was Eclipse the second last book of theseries and it beat out the final book to HARRY POTTER. Couldn't youhave taken a little more time on it. And where was Alice and Jasper andRosalie and Emmet at the end in the prom scene? I honestly do not care if you continue on with the movies, actually I'dprefer it if you didn't. You have ruined my vision of it, you'rekilling your fan base. Unless you guys give the next one some extraspark and actually start listening to your fans, you can forget about awide fan base. I absolutely hated the movie. I felt sorry for those whodidn't read the books because they had NO CLUE what was going on it wasso choppy!!! I couldn't even tell when the next day started, all of asudden, Edward "I would like you to meet my family" next two minutes,"wow you have a really nice house..." um... hello did she sleep? DID IFALL ASLEEP? I think i missed something, oh no wait, you did. It'scalled nightfall. Where was the talk about twilight? How it is thebeginning and ending of a day...? Or about her talking in her sleep. Helooked like a weird serial killer stalking her in her sleep. WHERE WERETHE FUNNY PARTS! I had more fun and made my friends laugh by making myown commentary during the film, i even made people i didn't know whosat in front of me in the theater burst out laughing from my commentarythen your boring movie did.As readers we expect the book to be taken seriously, and adapted toscreen, NOT BASED, ADAPTED!!!!!! I've taken Communication ProductionTech class in my high school writing my own scripts, so I know scriptwriting agony, i'm also writing my own book. So if i was to ever signoff my book to make it a screen version I'd make darn sure it took morethan a few SLOPPY months to make, with a CAST WHO READ THE BOOK FIRSTAND RESEARCHED THEIR CHARACTER! Honestly, can you seriously give me ananswer about how many cast members actually, i mean truly read all thebooks? I'm sure hardly any of them did.This by far is the biggest disappointment I have seen in years and I'monly eighteen.ADAPTION IS NOT THE SAME AS BASED ON!!! PEOPLE HONESTLY! Anyone whosays they loved the movie did not care much for the characters orshares the same love as Stephenie Meyer does for her books. This wasrushed, unorganized, ill plan, deceitful, and horrid.You're lacking the spunk, zest, fire, passion, integrity, and thecomplete ethics of what made the TWILIGHT SERIES!