The Great Gatsby tells a lot of stories and gains more themes so on.This new adaptation takes a different direction and unique scale. Theexperience feels familiar to other Baz Luhrmann film, which means it'squite dazzling by his fabulous style and creating an over-whimsicalversion of the setting. The easiest thing to say is it's fun as a BazLuhrmann film, but it kind of glosses over the story too much. Whileit's generally stunning, it didn't dig deeper within the context. TheGreat Gatsby is fascinating enough but it could have been much granderthan what it was shown on screen.The film did follow the book, it takes a lot of time exploring itssetting, characters, and conflict, but explores only little on what'sbeneath it. The Great Gatsby actually has something more than justromance, but the film's storyline ambition mostly lies in there. Thefilm mostly glosses at the points that suppose to provide more depth tothe story which makes the possible satires of the period feels missing.But the film still has plenty of life. Beginning with the performances,Leonardo DiCaprio is definitely the kind of actor who can perfectlyplay the role and he did standout to be the better Gatsby than anyoneelse who portrayed the role. Tobey Maguire did what he usually do inmovie but he is fine enough as Nick Carraway, same goes to CareyMulligan as Daisy. Joel Edgerton steals all of his scenes by hisintense performance as Tom Buchanan.The direction is spectacular however. Baz Luhrmann still perfectly useshis own style to tell the story. There are many extravagantlymagnificent sequences, especially the party scenes that works amazinglyeven in 3D. The style really shows how ambitious this film will be andit transcends the scale which makes it wholly an interesting cinematicride. Around with visual pleasures, there's the soundtrack and musicscore also keeping things groovy.It's hard to deny how enjoyable the experience is, but it could havealso taken a higher perspective to the actual story. To be much fair,it did a remarkable job bringing it to the screen in a spectacular waywith a cast who are very enthusiastic. While the visuals flareendlessly, the storytelling makes the overall film gripping. It'ssomewhat disappointing how some of its morality was left as abackground even though people will say it's not necessary to take itseriously, but everyone has their own aspect on reading the book. TheGreat Gatsby is not as satisfying as it deserves but it manages to beincredibly eye candy and thoroughly entertaining.