The Great Gatsby was The Great Disappointment of the summer. It has allthe problems of Baz Luhrmann's Australia, the bad moments of MoulinRouge (if there were ever that many in the first place) and the 20snever looked so odd in 3D, especially when Jay-Z provides someexclusive music for the movie.Everything from the music to the characters is just wrong. The pacingis literally out of the window by the middle of the movie. It's likeBaz only saw the first half of the film and didn't continue editing thefilm after that. It's like somebody at Warner Brothers hired anothereditor who followed their bizarre orders and made the film an evenclunkier mess.Now before you assume that I'll criticize every aspect of the movie,hear me out. There were some GREAT moments in the film; the scene whereDaisy is invited to tea with Gatsby at Nick's house, was great. It'ssuch a shame that the film was bogged down in an over expositorymonologue by the once great Spiderman star Toby Maguire. His characteris just as thin as his interpretation of Peter Parker in Spiderman 3. Leonardo was the star of the film. His performance was the only threedimensional part of the movie. He is a man who has everything exceptthe girl of his dreams, Daisy. His character gradually lost the charmtowards the end of the film and he shows the bitter side of himself.There's no real mystery to The Great Gatsby. He is a millionaire whocan't buy a better life. He has to pursue his real dream, which moneycannot buy. We've seen that so many times in so many other movies andstories in general. Bruce Wayne, anyone? Citizen Kane? Ring any bells?The 3D was effective but of all the periods in history that would suit3D, the 1920s was not the first thing that popped up in my mind. Itadds nothing to the film, but actually makes it worse. It's just anempty visual gimmick that's unfortunately embedded in the Hollywoodsystem nowadays. 3D does not add depth to character, just what's infront of the camera. Avatar showed the problems of emphasizing 3D overstory. Regardless, Avatar still captured a sense of scale that isextremely hard to capture in 3D. Sometimes 3D reduces the scale ofstories because everything is so close, yet the film gets smallersomehow. There's too much of an emphasis on visuals instead of thedeeper meaning of the story or the characters. This smaller scaleworked beautifully with Life of Pi. Everything was up close and therewasn't anything that distracted you from the story. You were there withthe characters.However, this is not the case here. The audience caring for thecharacters except for Gatsby is simply not there. The 3D put a dent inwhat could have been a better film had Baz Luhrmann NOT made it. The 3Dwas distracting, everything from the scale of the story to the depth ofthe world was completely gone. You could have watched this in 2D and itstill would have been the same disappointing experience.If there was one problem over all of them combined, it was the pacingof the film. Moulin Rouge had an eccentric pace and was edited in aneccentric manner. It worked for that movie, but by the time Australiacame out, it didn't work that well. With The Great Gatsby, the editingof Moulin Rouge was there at the beginning of the film, but thatenergetic editing just vanished after the tea time scene between Gatsbyand Diasy. The pacing was replaced with slow and many tedious falseendings that followed. I refuse to spoil the movie for those of youwho've never heard of The Great Gatsby, but I can say this; you'regoing to be bored to tears that you'll be persuaded to walk out of thecinema.Not a good film, not rock bottom of the barrel either, but still badnonetheless. I recommend that you wait for Man of Steel to come out,the next big film to come out this summer. Don't see The Great Gatsbyunless you're interested to see what the hell everyone was going onabout, and see if the fuss made any sense.