"In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advicethat I've been turning over in my mind ever since. 'Whenever you feellike criticizing anyone,' he told me, 'just remember that all thepeople in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.'" Ihave been frequently convinced that Baz Luhrmann does not know how toread, but I do have the advantage of literacy. However, I am not NickCarraway and am not compelled to follow his father's advice that opensFitzgerald's classic novel "The Great Gatsby".The first big problem with this movie version is that Tobey Maguire'sNick is not the same Nick that we know and love from the novel. ThisNick is a quirky, agitated simpleton who has gone insane and hasdecided to become a writer. His voice and disposition was all wrong.Nick is no longer our credible vantage point into the selfish, boorishways of the old money and new money of Daisy, Tom, Jordan and Gatsby inEast Egg and West Egg. Much has been said about the lavish style of the film's sets andimagery and even more about the ludicrous soundtrack. But it mostlyworks. I don't think anyone can deny that the unrestrained money,extravagant mansions, brilliant costumes and choreography with a livelyscore just make the whole story seem more fun. I still have no idea what the point of the 3D was. Nick's bow-tie andthe strange shooting style (mostly prominent early on) just madeeverything look cartoonish. At times, it looked like they were drivingGatsby's yellow car through the set of "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". Thecartoon- stylings mostly affected Nick; Gatsby's parties are alwayssupposed to be at least slightly surreal.Problems definitely arise in the beginning when Luhrmann chooses to usehis typical flash editing and put some party scenes out of order. Therandomness of it all and Nick becoming even farther removed from thenarrator we once trusted, was only re-confirming that this was in factthe disaster many expected it to be. But then we met Gatsby. And more importantly, we met Daisy. And evenmore importantly, Gatsby met Daisy. It is literally impossible to liveup to the expectations about Gatsby ? both the man built on wildwhispers of him being a war hero, but also the literary character soingrained in popular culture that he has earned the adjective "great"in front of his name. Leonardo DiCaprio does as good a job as anyonecould reasonably expect of him. He drew me in, and since Nick couldn'tdo that, it was even more than I could ask of him.One of the significant themes glowing throughout the novel is that ofhope. Luhrmann even recognizes this with Nick referring to Gatsby asthe singularly most hopeful man he has ever met. And then we would geta shot of the green light glistening off the water and through the fogfrom the end of Daisy's dock. The one thing missing from DiCaprio'sinterpretation of Gatsby was that earnest hope. I felt like aphotographer on a model shoot: "Now give me a look of hope! No, that'sanger. Give me hope! No, that's sadness. Give me hope! No, that'sfrustration. Fine, just give me another look of despair."Gatsby yearned for Daisy. And so do we. Carey Mulligan's Daisy wasprobably the most accurate character re-imagined from the novel.Starting from her introductory scene where she lay on the couch and thewind rustled her white curtains and her diamond ring sparkled in thedaylight and then she turned to stare at Nick, she filled the screenwith her ethereal beauty and faux innocence. I don't think it'ssurprising that the film takes its best form in the scenes where it'sjust Gatsby and Daisy.It's hard not to get wrapped up in the grandiosity of Gatsby, thegrandiosity of the story, and the grandiosity of the film's visuals.It's a beautiful story and it does look beautiful on the big screen,but then comes the nagging suspicion that Luhrmann never actually readthe novel. After all, half of the quotes are just paraphrased and arenot the actual lines from Fitzgerald, and all of the scenes and famousimagery are only the ones that have seeped into the publicconsciousness (straight from the Cliffs Notes, perhaps). It should workwell as a way to introduce another generation to this accomplished workof art, and I do applaud them for that, but it doesn't serve those whoalready know the book well.