"The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald is considered one of the bestAmerican novels of all time. Its themes of love, loss, obsession,friendship, greed and social status has made it a timeless classic, butthe previous film adaptations have all been considered poor attempts atcapturing the complexity of the novel. Baz Luhrmann's new version hasalso received its fair share of criticism, but in my opinion almost allof the complaints are unwarranted. Because this movie is nothing shortof a masterpiece.The movie tells the story of how Nick Carraway gets acquainted with hisneighbor in West Egg, Long Island; the mysterious millionaire JayGatsby. Opposite the bay lives Nick's socialite cousin Daisy Buchananwith her husband Tom. Soon Nick finds out that Gatsby and Daisy used toknow each other when they were younger, and that their relationship isfar from over.The first half of the movie is a bit duller than the second and makesthe movie seem shallower than it really is. Many of the criticisms themovie has gotten has been that the director has prioritized style oversubstance. But while the movie indeed is beautiful (more on that later)it is also complex and emotional, and from when the movie picks up (I'dsay this is when Gatsby and Daisy first meet at Nick's tea party) andonwards it's a near-perfect film. Stand-out scenes include the tour ofGatsby's house, the flashbacks to his youth, the confrontation betweenhim and Tom in New York and the final pool scene.No other actor could have portrayed the elusive Jay Gatsby as well asLeonardo DiCaprio. Every single one of his personality traits, from theromantic idealism to the self-doubt, is apparent in his amazing butsubtle performance. He is the core of the movie and all scenes withouthim feel lacking. Carey Mulligan's daisy is a more complicatedperformance to judge. On one hand she truly is lovely and the audienceimmediately sees why Gatsby is in love with her. But at the end of theday Daisy is such an unlikeable character that not even Mulligan'snatural likability can make the audience sympathize with her. JoelEdgerton as her husband is, on the other hand, pure perfection. Hismenacing but nuanced portrayal of Tom is second only to DiCaprio interms of skill. The worst casting in the film is Tobey Maguire as thenarrator Nick. He is wooden, uninteresting and has no chemistry withElizabeth Debicki(who plays his love interest Jordan). Only in sceneswith Gatsby is Nick an even vaguely interesting character, and this isundoubtedly due to the fact that DiCaprio is strong enough to carryboth of them.Ever since I read the novel I have been aware of the depressing messagethat the story conveys. But while both the novel and the 70's filmversion are sad, they aren't even half as heart-breaking as this movie.Many will relate to the story of Gatsby, a man desperate to" fix thingsjust the way they were" and realize with him that it just isn'tpossible. It's a gloomy realization but a good one nevertheless. Yongpeople especially will benefit from understanding that no matter howhard you work for something there is no guarantee that you will get it.But all of the messages in the story aren't depressing. One can alsorelate to the "extraordinary sense of hope" that Nick describes Gatsbyas having and see him as an inspiration to never give up.Visually the movie is impressive. The costumes, sets and specialeffects are dazzling, and since the soundtrack is modernized it was asmart move by Luhrmann and production/costume designer Catherine Martinto keep the rest of the film period-accurate. The 3D-effects howeverare pretty but forgettable and add nothing to the movie. Just likeeverybody else I was skeptical when I heard that Luhrmann had hiredJay-Z to helm the soundtrack and meant to include hip-hop and rapmusic. My suspicions turned out to be completely unnecessary. Themodern music works very well (especially during the party scenes) anddoesn't even include many hip-hop tracks. Variations of Lana del Rey's"Young and Beautiful" is used as a "love theme" for Gatsby and Daisyand I wouldn't be surprised if the stunning track get an Oscarnomination for "Best Original Song". The soundtrack is actually one ofthe main reasons that the movie feels current and inspiring in contrastto the at times dated novel.So no matter what critics have said I think "the Great Gatsby" is anamazing film. It tells the interesting and important story just as wellas the novel, but Luhrmann has added even more glamour and excitementwith his visually creative choices. That makes it not only asatisfactory adaptation of the classic novel but a completely fantasticfilm. Beautiful, emotional, well-acted, unique and thought-provoking ittruly is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.