I've now watched The Great Gatsby a total of three (3) times, one in3D. Though there are plenty of harsh critic reviews for this film, anyes I said film and not movie, is because they are too focused on thelength of the film and the complex story line and not understandingfully the range of the time period set.The Great Gatsby is a touching tale of an interloper, person on theoutside looking in from the perspective of a young coming yuppie. Truthbe told it is another star crossed lovers tale of missed chance andopportunity and the lengths one goes to rewrite the past and mend thewounds felt for years. Like all tragedies, this film does no better inhaving hopes up. Staying true to the book, the characters lives all endtragic one way or another. The fond and curiousness felt by the mainnarrator Nick for the infamous Gatsby fuels the story along,intertwining the 'Golden Girl' Daisy; a minx'd bombshell villianized byher brut 'polo' playing husband, the ever unfaithful and racists Tom.Upon meeting Gatsby, Nick is enthralled by the complexities of Gatsby'sdemeanor and back story as well as enjoying the ever entertaining sideto the secretive bachelor. The plot to re-win Daisy's heart and fulfillthe empty void in Gatsby's broken and tired soul didn't come easy.Along the way the other challenges were both infidelities and theaccidental murder of a mistress. After all of this, Nick is stillrecovering pierces of the Gatsby puzzle and figuring out ways to makecomplete sense of all events take place when in the end some gaps areleft unfilled.I enjoyed the intense performances by Leonardo Dicaprio and TobeyMaguire. Both playing cozily off one another and both gave superb vocaland facial workouts. I really liked the easiness of Carey Mulligan'scharacter Daisy. She spoke eloquently enough to pull of the soft andrough tone of a 1920's wealthy east coast flapper gal. Joel Edgerton asTom, what can I say? Born to play the role of a thick and broasticrich-mistress-having- know-it-all who can't stand to lose anything, noteven a potential side sway with a beautiful actress. All in all I enjoyed the film production value. Also I am sad that thefilm waited so long to be produced and released, but a little happybecause it gave enough time to include Lana Del Rey to the filmsoundtrack and score. I enjoyed the film despite the critics. All I cansay is reread the book and watch the film again and tell me that BazLuhrmann didn't try to make an emotionally driven artistic masterpiecewith great actors and amazing focus shots. I give this film 10/10, butthat is my own opinion based on many different category factors.I hope you enjoyed this review. Thank You.