Wow!! I loved this movie and I would like to share my thoughts on it.First of all, to all of you that are disappointed about the fact thatthe movie strays from Fitzgerald's novel's story and dialogue, thismovie IS NOT meant to be a direct representation of Fitzgerald's novel.This movie was meant to entertain all the various types of audiences, Isuppose in an attempt to identify to all age brackets, while tellingthe story in an elaborate manner. I believe that a directrepresentation of the novel was attempted already in 1974 withRedford's role as Gatsby. This movie made the plot much more easier tounderstand and added many interesting elements to the movie that madeit really captivating to watch and there was not a moment in the moviethat my focus was lost.The fact that there was some form of modern age music genre like rapand house music mixed into the soundtrack made the audio of the moviemore colourful and some modern new age and ambient music gave some ofthe scenes with daisy and Gatsby an enchanted atmosphere. Of course noteveryone likes house music, rap or new age but I certainly might havefelt a bit drowsy if the soundtrack was based on music from the timesof the novel.I thought DiCaprio did an amazing job in the role as Gatsby. I alwaysthought DiCaprio had a very youthful face and behaviour even at amature age, and his initial facade as an established wealthy gentlemenwas well acted but his best acting came as he showed his boyish, naive,and immature side as his established gentlemen persona crumbled away ashis love for daisy became more apparent.I loved the ending where the green pulsing light was emphasized tellingthe audience how much Daisy meant to him and how the green light waswhat he looked at through his window waiting desperately for a way toreunite with her. Unfortunately, his obsession towards her led himultimately to his own demise. After the ending scene, I felt quite disturbed by the fact thatGatsby's end was so tragic and abrupt and hoped for a bit more scenesto smooth out the discomfort. This movie really touches on accepting what is past and control offeelings and emotions. Very sad movie but enjoyed it all the way through.