In spite of having a degree in journalism, and has high regards toliterary masterpieces and have had the honour to read and admire theone of F. Scott Fitzgerald's "The Great Gatsby". I was also very fondof the the adaptations that came after like the 1974 Robert Redford andMia Farrow version and also the 2000 adaptation starring Mira Sorvinoand Toby Stephens. And I'm sure my teachers and instructors if theyever had the chance to see this later adaptation directed by BazLuhrmann, they like me will likely have their eyes rolling. At leastmore so than me. But even though I know the story and the happenings, Iwent to see what Mr. Luhrmann has to offer. And one bit of advice forthose who saw the movie, but never had the pleasure read the book, readit after not because of what justice Luhrmann did with the book, butmore like what he neglected. Tobey Maguire stars as Nick Carraway a former writer who's now in thebond-selling business. He seems fond for his neighbour, a charismatic,dynamic millionaire, James Gatsby (Leonardo DiCaprio). Every evening hethrows these elaborate parties at his abode, but is still quitemelancholy. He still has feeling for Nick's cousin Daisy Buchanan(Carey Mulligan). Daisy has moved on in a rather unloved marriage to askirt-chasing scoundrel named Tom Buchanan (Joel Edgerton). Gatsbylives on the opposing side of the lake where Tom and Daisy live. Herpersuades Nick to set up a reunion in hopes to reignite the flame tothe torch that was put out years ago. Like all of his movies before this one (that includes "Moulin Rouge"),Luhrmann takes has execution in an over-the-top perspective which willbe liked by some chastised by others. Once again this movie like"Moulin Rouge" falls victim for the usage of playing inappropriatemusic that doesn't fit the time period. Which to me is ludicrous. Ifound it absurd to see Mr. Gatsby driving his car to the sounds ofJay-Z with contributions to modern artists like will.i.am, Beyonce andLana del Ray, when yet he should be driving to the beat of big bandartists like Charlie "Bird' Parker,Louis Armstrong and Cab Calloway.Sure these modern artists may make this film a bit more fun, but it'sstill inappropriate. And to add more to this strange brew, Luhrmanndecided to make this film in 3D. It might work well in the party scenesalong with the streamers, confetti and fireworks to give it morein-your-face look. But by the second half of the the film, the 3D justloses its necessity. But it's still fun to look at. So even though the visual effects are a thing of beauty, thestorytelling was what brought this film down quite tremendously. Surehis flamboyance in making the film look exquisite, but the actual storyitself leaves you with an empty feeling in the end. The plot was quiteimpressive with Gatsby and Daisy trying to get back together, but attimes the execution feels quite tiresome and not very fulfilling.DiCaprio and Mulligan turn in great performances, but the passion anddevotion to one another isn't very convincing. They seem to not havemuch chemistry between the two and that ruins the atmospheresubstantially especially since they're trying to get back togetherafter their love was taken from them. Tobey Maguire looks veryone-dimensional as Carraway. But let's not implant the blame game onMaguire, but it's the script by Luhrmann and Craig Pearce which has himnarrating and observing the world around him, without really having anyidea how he feels about what he's up against. The final minutes of the film get quite dramatically intense and thegist of the story is where the story really starts to unfold. By thenit was too little too late. Sure the film is visually stunning, themusic was fun, though not fitting the time period, the performanceswere impressive and the story was splendid. But in spite of all that,the film did not offer enough bit than it should have. With all thescandals,mysticism and romance it has to offer, it still left mefeeling cheated. The film is entertaining as it is, but overall it isstill overrated. The book is way better if not see the olderadaptations for better details.