"The Great Gatsby" (12A) Director: Baz Luhrman. Starring: LeonardoDicaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan and Jason Clarke. Rated: 12A,for containing moderate sex, violence and bloody images. Out now in UKcinemas.After moving to Long Island (just outside of New York, America)Would-be writer and WW1 veteran Nick Caraway (Tobey Maguire), is thrustinto the vibrant and alluring life of Jay Gatsby (Leonardo Dicaprio)his neighbour. Soon, Nick begins to question Jay and how he obtainedhis large fortune, with consequences no-one could have foretold...Being a fan of the "The Great Gatsby" novel, I was very much lookingforward to this adaptation. Many people remember the 1974 version,starring Robert Redford and Mia Farrow, which received mixed topositive reviews, but was a financial success. You see, there has neverbeen a 'great' Gatsby adaptation, only mediocre ones. The latestadaptation (I hoped) would maybe become the definitive version."The Great Gatsby" (2013) is a well-rounded film, that likes to bedaring and add in pieces that are suitable for the youth of today. Forexample, the film contains a fantastic soundtrack; including music fromShawn "Jay-Z" Carter and the likes of the rock band, U2. There are alsoplenty of light-hearted moments, action and lots of drinking andpartying. Baz Luhrman has not conformed to the traditionalist's view of thenovel, and has instead put his own swing on it, which proves to beentertaining. The style of Luhrman is wonderful; the way he has set outthe world of Gatsby is quite brilliant. It is colourful, vibrant andabove all true to the book.The cast was well thought out and I believe that "The Great Gatsby"gave Tobey Maguire his chance, to show the world that he wasn't justbound to the "Spiderman" franchise and can actually act. The moment,Leonardo Dicaprio signed on, I was hooked. Dicaprio has been makingfilms for nearly twenty-four years, but has never won an Oscar. At thenext Oscars, I hope that Dicaprio wins; as he is superb as Gatsby. Thesupporting cast is brilliant, Carey Mulligan (veteran of "Doctor Who")plays Daisy Buchanan, the love of Gatsby's life and is surprisinglygood.In summation, "The Great Gatsby" is a good adaptation, boasting a greatcast, lavish effects and the chance to bring an eighty-eight year oldnovel, swinging and dancing into the modern age. 4 STARSWritten by Scott Gentry.