If anyone else could be cast to play Deadpool, he certainly doesn'texist in this universe. After Ryan Reynolds's dramatic failure in theGreen Lantern film, he has returned to the comic book world. Reynoldsis absolutely phenomenal as the foul mouthed, and witty antihero. Imean he is just superb! He completely owns the role, and gives afantastic performance. If Robert Downey Jr. IS Iron Man, then RyanReynolds IS Deadpool. He is also such a liveable character, and by theend of the film, I genuinely cared about Deadpool. I never thought I'dsay that. All of the performances are great. No one holds a candle toReynolds, but I will say not one person was miscast here.Deadpool is a unique film, and a huge gamble. Both Marvel and thestudios bringing us this film took a major risk. This is a belovedcharacter, and his world is very different than other Marvel films.Right off the bat, this film is consciously self-aware. It knows its acomic book film with comic book characters, and it actually exploitsit. Many times, Deadpool turns to the audience and tells us what we'reall thinking. It was so different, and it worked so very well. Thenarrative itself is also different. It's very non-linear. The events ofthe film don't play out in a normal straight narrative.One of the trademarks, nay, the trademark of Deadpool is his sense ofhumour. This film is by far one of the most hysterical films I haveseen in some time. The writing is so perfect, so sharp, and so full ofwitty banter, and thankfully, it all works. Not one joke, that Iremember, fell flat. The film had me laughing constantly; from theopening credits, all the way to the after credits scene.As for the action, it's also very satisfying. Many action films todayare butchered by terrible camera work. For whatever reason, many modernaction films are using shaky cam. Instead of clear, steady shots, theDP will go hand held, and shake the camera violently. The worst examplein recent memory of this is, Taken 3. Thankfully, there are films likethis, and others, that know exactly how to do a good action scene.Director Tim Miller and cinematographer Ken Seng do a brilliant jobcreating slick, good looking action. Not only is the action brutal, andextremely bloody, it's just co clear and well handled. The fights arereally great here. I couldn't help but be reminded of Tarantino's, KillBill films while watching Deadpool. They are incredibly similar intheir style of fight scenes.Sitting in the cinema, the inner critic in me struggled internally. Ikept thinking afterwards about the film. What were the flaws? I don'toften see a film without pointing out the negatives. Even films Ireally like, or even love, have flaws. I'm certain that if one sits andpicks this apart, you will eventually find some flaws. Perhaps theoverall story is paper thin. Perhaps the villain wasn't very compellingas character. Then again, Ajax was honestly serviceable. Ed Skrein gavea great performance, and by the end, you really hate the bastard. He'sa generic, or a dick, British villain? and the film makes fun of that!"Deadpool" and Guardians of the Galaxy were both huge risks thatultimately paid off, big time. As a film, it's nearly perfect. The filmdoes exactly what it needed to do, and more. It introduces Deadpool,sets up his character, and gets you to like him?if you didn't already.The non linear narrative was refreshing to see in a superhero film.Everything about this film was different and unique. It's selfawareness and breaking of the fourth wall work well; really well. Thedirection is great, Ryan Reynolds is phenomenal, and the script isfantastic!