I really, really liked Deadpool. And you know what? I didn't expect to.Seriously, I was never a fan of the character (in the sense that Ihardly knew anything about him) and the humor as well as the violenceseemed forced and overdone in the trailers. Still, I remainedinterested in the film, I just never expected it to actually be good -until the reviews arrived. After most critics unexpectedly showeredthis newest superhero movie with praise, I went in cautiouslyoptimistic (but still fully prepared to hate the film).The first thing I noticed was how inventive the storytelling is. Thefilm throws you into the action from the first moment (literally: thevery first moment) and then it goes back and forth in brilliant andunexpected ways to slowly unspool the story of this insane - but oddlycharming - antihero. Flashbacks and fast-forwards can be annoying ashell, but when done right, they can help render even a somewhat simplestory fresh and exciting. And that's exactly how Deadpool felt to meright from the start: like a fresh (if somewhat dirty) jolt of energy.The action itself is beautifully designed, employing playful visualsand using pretty much every camera technique available; it never feelsrepetitive and the pacing is close to perfection. But, and that wasprobably the key to me liking the film so much, there's a beating heartunderneath all the action and carnage, and that has a lot to do withhow brilliantly Ryan Reynolds portrays the character and the greatchemistry he has with co-star Morena Baccarin. What came as a completesurprise to me was how unabashedly romantic Deadpool is. The love storyin this film is probably the most sincere I've ever seen in a superheromovie and it gives the film the strong emotional core which so many ofthese movies lack.The humor, which I initially feared would just be non-stop juvenilewisecracks and soon become distracting, also works surprisingly well.Not every line or every joke lands - but that's the beauty of thischaracter: they don't really need to. Deadpool can't help himself; aslong as he's able to breathe he'll crack wise and make fun of himselfand those around him. It's a clinical condition; he's not a stand-upcomedian whose jokes need to land: he's a madman (albeit a veryentertaining one) and the comedy in his case is born out of tragedy.Despite all my praise, it's not a perfect film. The villain in thisrevenge tale could be more memorable and the story itself is a bit tooderivative to really do its highly unconventional protagonist (heinsists he's not a hero) justice: but it's a damn good first entry in afranchise that will hopefully explore the character and his world to amuch larger extent in the sequel(s). And it's actually a very importantfilm for another reason. If Deadpool is a financial success - which atthis point is already clear it will be - this could play a vital rolein how studios henceforth view the financial prospects of R-ratedsuperhero films, and we'll hopefully see more of them in the future.Many people might feel different - and I respect their opinion - butI've grown tired of the entirely bloodless CGI overkill in all those200 million productions where even the most terrible villains talk likeMormon schoolgirls. I mean: there's a gigantic audience out there thatis over the age of 18, loves to read comic books and can absolutelyhandle real-world language, real-world sex and real-world violence insuperhero movies. This genre is so diverse; it's ridiculous to believejust because comic books have pictures in them all film adaptations -regardless of the material - must automatically be made for kids inorder to be successful.As it is, I think Deadpool - a dirty, funny, sexy and violent filmwhich is decidedly NOT for kids - just proved my point perfectly. 8stars out of 10.P.S. (for new IMDb users): If you want to get a better referencewhether this review might be valid for you or not, just click on myuser name and you'll see what kind of films I like.