Deadpool is a triumph of artistic vision over studio interference.Little credit should be given to 20th Century Fox, as they had zerofaith in the success of a Deadpool movie. To put things intoperspective, Ryan Reynolds fought for this film back in 2004 whenBlade: Trinity was released. Reynolds and co. went to shoot testfootage that was then leaked online by Reynolds because Fox had nointentions to release it to the public. Finally, after years and yearsof BEGGING to the studio and the overwhelming positive responses of thetest footage from the public, Fox didn't even tell Reynolds and co.that the film was greenlit. They had to find out online like the restof us plebeians. If that sounds bad, Fox even cut their budget by $7million AT THE LAST MINUTE, which caused the writers to scratch someaction sequences that I'm sure would've been great to see.Deadpool now has the biggest opening weekend in the month of February(surpassing Fifty Shades of Grey), the biggest opening weekend for 20thCentury Fox (surpassing all the X-Men films), and the biggest openingweekend for an R rated film EVER (surpassing The Matrix: Reloaded).With all that being said, Deadpool is a hilariously entertaining filmthat works mainly because of Reynolds himself. His comedic skills payoff gloriously as the titular character, who gives so many quips in oneinstance that some jokes will be missed. Of course, credit should begiven to the writers too (AKA: The Real Heroes Here), and it'simpressive that this is Tim Miller's directorial debut. The actionsequences and pacing are so good that you'd think this came from aveteran director.From the ingenious opening credits to the subversive ending, Deadpoolconstantly upends clichés and tropes you're used to seeing in superheroflicks in the past few years. What's great here is the filmmakers hadsomething weird and perverse and just went with it. Jokes aboutpedophilia, pegging, and sex run rampant, but it's never really dark,despite the mature subject matter. On top of that, it's also veryrefreshing to see a pansexual superhero in such a big studio film. It'sunheard of these days. Fox and other studios, learn from this success.It's not the fact that a hard R-rated film can do well, it's thatDeadpool also happens to be very good, most likely because you, Fox,actually gave the filmmakers the creative freedom to do whatever thehell they wanted.