Well what genre this film was made upon? Sci-fi? Action? Drama? Ohyeah, I think it was just a plain romance story. Aah, what acombination though!I was spellbound watching this flick when I startedoff. But when I reached through the interval, my brain was hammering meto put this ill-scrappy story aside and have a nice sound sleep. What'sso nice in this flick that I along with millions of people gotattracted? Well, theme is comedy. Ryan Reynolds holds the storyfirmly,villain is terrific to smash good, hard punches to Deadpool'sface; what else do a movie watcher want? True. But apart from humorous scenes, movie is plain boring video oftwo super heroes fighting for survival. Romance is at its place but, asDeadpool itself says- "A love story". Really? I'm skeptical over thisissue. It isn't actually just romantic. It's another straightforwardsci-film. Remember Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy? Yes, Deadpool iseasily comparable to Spider-Man unfortunately. First of all,positivity. Character development takes time and eventually on thebeneficial side of the movie. Story is slow, yet enjoyable on how itcreates tension in between the movie. Ryan Reynolds' Deadpool part isamazing. Funny, hilarious, charming, witty, talkative - everythingperfect. Morena as his partner is nice to see in parts. But again, itreminds of Kirsten Dunst from Spider-Man. So Character development wasa go. Appreciable. Now, bad part. The premise wasn't good. Just another action packedmovie right from the beginning. Though screenplay being watchable,story is able to hold the spectators. The duration was longer thanenough for such film. Ninety minutes of fun is perfect but no need ofextra twenty minutes to concentrate on Deadpool's biography. But afterall these multi-variant propaganda, screenplay was just not inevitable.The conclusion was- nothing new to offer. Tim Miller tried way too hardto make this film a super hero film. Overall, it was an average movieto see one time. If you want to skip it, good enough. Deadpool 2 iscoming soon and hope it won't be too stretchy as this.