The build up, humor and chemistry between characters was so good in thefirst half, the remainder felt like watching a totally different moviewith generic writing that just runs through the motions. While talkingabout the good parts, it is remotely inspired by a subtle combinationof 2 iconic movies of the genre - 'American Beauty' and 'Love Actually'with performances inching close to the former. Cal (Steve Carell) has just been asked for divorce from his wife of 25years Emily (Julianne Moore). His son Robbie (13) is infatuated by hisbabysitter Jessica (17) who in-turn has feelings for Cal. Emily isreluctantly seeing her colleague David (Kevin Bacon) while Cal meets amysterious young womanizer in a bar Jacob (Ryan Gosling) who teacheshim how to loosen up and get score girls, Cal makes decent use of it.When Jacob meets an interesting but nerdy girl Hannah (Emma Stone) anddecides to put an end to his ways and meet her parents, all hell breaksloose. My synopsis has taken a bit of effort to finish both from myside as well as yours (if you haven't taken a nosedive midway), wellthat is how the characters are linked and I have not included all. Thestory is about these relationships blended with slightly intentionaldark humor. More than the script it is the performances that make itwork. Be it the comic timing, just the beauty of watching them or theemotional depth (nah). Like I mentioned earlier, had the second halfbeen handled with a bit more care and some innovation, it would havebecome an instant classic. The first half makes smart references ofcontemporary verbiage, Carell's unique histrionics and giving enoughscreen time for rest of the superb cast portraying well developedcharacters. Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone continues to shine in everyendeavor they take up. The kid who plays Robbie is very entertaining.The background score, cinematography and editing does not deserve anyspecial mention here. It is an enjoyable movie for most part until the writers gave upleaving the stars to carry it on their own.