I've come to the conclusion that Hollywood is incapable of producing afully engrossing, delightfully simple "romantic comedy." "Crazy,Stupid, Love" makes the unfortunate mistake of presenting threetouchingly believable stories along with three completely superfluous,"wacky" bad sit-com ones.Steve Carrell plays "Cal," the emasculated,depressed husband of his restlessly bored wife "Emily," played by theamazing Julianne Moore "Emily" who admits she has been cheating on"Cal" within the first few minutes of the movie and the couple spendthe next 118 minutes trying to get back together. There are severalgenuinely charming, unaffected moments that allow us to see thechemistry Cal & Emily once had as a happily married couple.Ryan Goslingtries his superb, chameleon-like acting chops out on romantic comedydeeply involved in two of the three believable relationship withconvincing ease. With a chiseled body, perfectly coiffed hair,million-dollar wardrobe and extraordinary good looks, Gosling "Jake"falls easily into the role of a  disarmingly handsome, irresistiblycharming cad. His confident playfulness reassures us that "Jake" is nomere shallow misogynist, he's simply a guy doing what he apparentlydoes best.                              With a great deal of the actionset in a chic cosmopolitan "glass-and-chrome" bar, Gosling, as the kingof this castle, has yet to meet the woman who can say "no" to Jake'sultra-smooth "closing" line of "Wanna get outta here?" Witnessing Cal'sself- pitying ineptitude, Jake decides to take him under his wing.Surrendering his credit card, Cal puts himself in Jake's hands for aconfidence-building make-over. Gosling and Carrell's ensuing friendshipis genuinely endearing as Cal progresses as Jake's protégé.            The unthinkable happens when Jake becomes instantly smitten by the onewoman who refuses his offer for casual sex. But to Jake's surprise anddelight the same woman, "Hannah," played by the incandescent Emma Stonereturns several days later, plants a big drunken kiss on Jake andinsists that he take her home. In one of the movie's most charmingscenes, Hannah giggles her way through Jake's mask of perfection,followed by both of them laughing at his admittedly canned andrehearsed seduction lines, with Jake finally admitting "What can I say?They work." Hannah and Jake don't have sex their first night together,allowing Jake the opportunity to begin to open up about himself for thefirst time, marking the beginning of their light and breezy,ever-deepening courtship.                                     Theproblem with "Crazy, Stupid, Love," is that the writer Dan Fogelman anddirector Glenn Ficara didn't feel that these three stories in the handsof these four exceptional actors were sufficient to hold our attention.For some inexplicable reason, they felt the need to throw in MarisTomei as the sex-starved schoolmarm "Kate," with whom Cal has his firstsuccessful one-night stand. She, of course, becomes the "one-nightstand from hell," and "OMG!," turns out to be Cal's son's Englishteacher. In a disturbingly poorly written and poorly acted role,Ms.Tomei is so needlessly "over- the-top" as Cal's sex-partner turned"woman scorned" that she threatens to single- handedly destroys thecredibility of the entire movie. Not quite finished, Mr. Fogelman andMr. Ficarra felt the need to introduce John Carroll Lynch as the Cal &Emily's "wacky neighbor," who appears for the sole purpose of engagingCal in a cringe-worthy backyard brawl. The fight is so absurdlycontrived because the audience is well aware that Cal is the innocentvictim, rather than the perpetrator of his neighbor's wrath. But worstof all, it wasn't funny.                                                      And as the coup de gras, they felt the need to throw KevinBacon into the mix as Emily's new boyfriend ("David Lindhagen.") Hispresence is so insignificant, that Ficarra and Fogelman must have beenunder laboring under the misconception that Mr. Bacon needed to addCarrell, Moore, Gosling and Stone to his famous "six degrees."                        The simple advice I would give to the movie makers of"Crazy, Stupid, Love" is "less is more." What could have been adelightful rom-com ends up as a convoluted mess. By editing out thesepointless cliché-ridden characters, the four principals might havegiven us the streamlined, surprise hit of the summer, rather than yetanother tepid, half-baked attempt at romantic comedy. Please refer to"Larry Crowne," "Friends With Benefits" and "No Strings Attached."