I watched this movie trying to distinguish it from a soap opera orromance novel, that it was almost impossible to do. The idea is that awoman (Julian Moore) has sex with a co-worker (Kevin Bacon). Then ontheir way home after dinner, she tells her loving husband of 25 years(Steve Carrell)?a dinner where he thinks everything went great, by theway?that she screwed her co-worker and she wants a divorce. Let's justreview this? the guy, after 25 years, still loves his wife, and stilltakes her out to dinner, along with the fact that he's a lovinghusband, hard worker and all the trimmings?and she screws around behindhis back and SHE wants a divorce. Let's go one more step: the guy islost after that, he just literally jumps out of the car and is so sickto his stomach, because let's face it, mister perfect man loved hiswife and loved his life, and he finds out within seconds that his wifeis screwing another man and wants a divorce. Fast forward a bit. Nowhe's drinking a lot, he's lonely, he has to go out and live in anapartment (of course she gets the house), and all that, and then, aftermeeting the town hunk (Ryan Gossling), he is mentored into the ways ofthe world and women. So after some months go by, he finally starts tohave sex with other women?did I mention that he never had sex withanother woman other than his wife before she kicked him out and he'dhad no desire to cheat? And this is the killer?after he has sex withother women, his soon-to-be ex-wife flips out! Did I miss somethinghere? She screwed someone else, she's divorcing him, but she flips outwhen he seeks out other female companionship. Wait, it gets better! Allalong, he's still trying to do the right thing. He waters the lawn athis (separated) wife's house, he continues to be a good dad, and hecontinues, under the influence of his son, to attempt to get his wifeback. This is the message I get: a spouse cheats, wants a divorce andthen the other spouse?who never did anything wrong?has to do all thework to try to fix things. That doesn't sit right with me. Maybe insome twisted fantasy a woman, or man, wants to think they can cheat,demand a divorce and have their mate pursue them endlessly, but that'snot reality...nor does it make for good entertainment.