Crazy, Stupid, Love. is one of, if not the best, American romanticcomedies of the past decade. This may come as a shock to some (as itsurely took me aback) but there is no other way to describe it. Goinginto an advanced screening of the film earlier this week, I had mydoubts that it would be anything outside of generic. But instead oftripe, I got one of the most unexpected surprises I have seen all year.Cal (Steve Carell) and Emily (Julianne Moore) have hit a rough patch intheir long-time marriage, and Emily inadvertently announces to anentire restaurant that she wants a divorce. Down and depressed, Calstarts drinking away his sorrows at a local bar, attempting to makesense of his predicament with anyone who will listen. Jacob (RyanGosling), a professional bachelor, takes notice and makes it hispersonal mission to help Cal get over his wife, and become a new man inthe process.But this is just the main plot thread of the movie. It also followsJacob's relationship with the absolutely stunning Hannah (Emma Stone),throws in a bit of curveball with Emily being romanced by David (KevinBacon), and even has a bit of a focus on Cal's son Robbie (Jonah Bobo)pining over his older babysitter Jessica (Analeigh Tipton). It maysound a little packed with threads and too many characters, but Crazy,Stupid, Love. is able to navigate between each character and couplewith ease. It reminded me a lot of Valentine's Day, and how its maingoal was to depict how different love is for a sizable amount ofcouples and singletons. Except it failed miserably at it, and stood outmore as an example of every rom-com stereotype you could imagine.Thankfully, Crazy, Stupid, Love. takes the higher road and breathes newlife into a stale genre.While the impeccable cast is more than enough reason why the filmsucceeds so well in being an atypical film in the genre, it is the crewbehind-the-scenes that surprises even more. The film is written by DanFogelman, who is best known for a string of Disney films and theatrocious Fred Claus, and is directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa,who wrote and directed the sadly little seen I Love You Phillip Morrisand wrote the now classic Bad Santa. These three would not be the firstgroup on men I would turn to for a film like this, but their relativelack of expertise helps propel the film to the heights it reaches. Ittakes darkly hilarious turns in certain instances, plays othersequences totally unconventionally, play even more out with aforeboding sense of drama the trailer merely hints at, and trumps morethan its share of genre stereotypes. Weaving between the plots lines,they make the film feel unique and different from others, all whilegiving it an aura of authenticity. While they stumble a bit in thefinal act with a series of sitcom-like shockers that border onludicrous, they manage to pull off the rare feat of actually making theaudience wonder if these characters will all end up together in theend, or if they will walk their separate ways; something that is trulyuncommon for this genre.Acting wise, the film delivers in spades. Carell gives one of his bestperformances to date as Cal, moving as swiftly as the script requiresbetween depression and humiliation, and touching and hilarious. Thefilm stretches his dramatic muscle more than most, and allows him togive a performance that does not rely on laughs. The expressions on hisface are just devastating in some sequences, and the wonder in otherscenes is ridiculously hilarious. It is a performance I hope to see himcome back to again, and make even better. Gosling plays against type,and gives an absolutely hysterical performance. He shines brightly inevery scene, nailing every line and mannerism, while making thisscumbag of a lothario become someone to really care about. He exudeschemistry and helps make everyone else's performance better. Moore andStone also give great performances, easily balancing the humour withthe drama. They are not given nearly as much to do as the guys, buthold their own on- screen.The supporting cast does even better. Bobo is phenomenal in his role,conveying an innocence and naivety that is more mature than I thoughtpossible. He acts like more of an adult than some of the older castdoes in many instances, and gives the performance a well-rounded otheryoung actors would be incapable of. Tipton is not nearly as good, butplays the role of a confused teenager a little better than you wouldimagine. Bacon does great in a small turn as does Liza Lapira asHannah's best friend. But it is Marisa Tomei who steals the show fromeveryone, playing one of Cal's conquests. She is dementedly unhingedand ridiculously over-the-top, but never falters. Her performance maybe one-note, but it is easily the most memorable thing about the film.If I hold anything against the film (other than the final act stumbleand the oh-so convenient way one particular scene comes together), itis that it ended. I know I have harped on how unlike other typicalromantic comedies Crazy, Stupid, Love. is, but there is really no otherway I can rave about it. I easily could have spent more time with thesecharacters, and pined to find out what happened to each of them afterthe final fade out. The incredibly unlikely pair of Ficarra and Requahas crafted a truly wonderful and hilarious film that is nothing likewhat you could have expected watching the trailer. It is bittersweet,and easily one of my favourite movies of the summer. And this is comingfrom someone who loathes almost every single romantic comedy everconceived.8.5/10.