There are SO MANY adaptations of the most iconic fairy tale of alltime, whether it takes place in modern time and stars Hilary Duff orSelena Gomez, and of course everyone knows the original 1950 animatedDisney classic. Disney is bringing many, MANY of their most iconicanimated films to life on the big screen, and I'll say this: if theycan all be as good as Kenneth Branagh's Cinderella (2015), then please,Disney, continue making them.Cinderella (2015) stars somewhat newcomer Lily James, who could nothave been more perfect as Cinderella (Ella); Cate Blanchett as LadyTremaine (Wicked Stepmother); Richard Madden as the Prince (Kit);Helena Bonham Carter as the Fairy Godmother; Derek Jacobi as The King;Holliday Grainger and Sophie McShera as Anastasia and Drisella; and BenChaplin and Hayley Atwell as Ella's parents. This movie, and I cannot emphasize this enough, truly brought to thescreen the MAGIC of 1950's masterpiece. I truly don't believe that anyother actress could have been more charming in the title role as LilyJames. This really was the first time I've seen her in a movie, and Ibecame an instant fan. Her voice (singing and speaking), mannerisms,charm and beauty make you wonder if she really is born into a family ofroyalty. She was everything Cinderella is supposed to be, anddefinitely a wonderful role model to young ones. The chemistry betweenLily James and Richard Madden was like Leonardo DiCaprio and KateWinslet, well, a family version, they were so perfect for each other.Cate Blanchett and Helena Bonham Carter were so wonderful (of course),the whole cast gave tremendous performances. I loved how we learned andsympathized a bit more with Lady Tremaine overall.Now, the highlight of course of any Cinderella movie is the ball, ormaybe the transformation. I can't even describe how beautifully themovie executed Ella's dress transformation, you feel like you're in theair, dancing along as her moment of freedom grabs her. And SandyPowell, wow, that blue dress, I hope that she continues working moreand more on the best films, which she mainly does; that dress wasliterally another character in this movie, that's how magnificent itis; I have never seen a more beautiful dress in my life, this dress isgoing to be a major part of film history.This is (in my opinion), Disney's best live-action adaptation of theirclassics, some may argue The Jungle Book (2016) is, but I'm going withCinderella (2015), it has such great messages, especially for kidsabout having courage and being kind even during the worst of yoursufferings. Why is this such a spectacular movie? Because anybody witha heart will want to commit an act of kindness after watching thismovie.