The Perks of Being a Wallflower is another story about a simple guyliving in a cruel life of high school. The difference is he's not oughtto save the day, wants to lose his virginity, seeking to be popular, orrevenge on his bullies. The story is about a shy kid who wants to getalong with people and can't wait to leave high school. Behind it is thegenuine pain and emotion of the characters which makes it more thanjust another story about teenagers. Stephen Chbosky tells his own storyon screen pretty well and the performances are quite excellent. ThePerks of Being a Wallflower is often heartbreaking, charming, andwonderful.Charlie is palpably just another teenage protagonist, but he is not oneof those who tries to prove everyone who mistreated him wrong. His goalis to get away from being anti-social and be like anyone else in highschool. We may have heard a story like this before, but what makes thisone extraordinary is when it mostly depicts the darkest aspects oftheir lives. Expressing the most heartbreaking truths about theseteenagers. Knowing their problems easily makes it reasonable for us tocare about them. The romance is rather credibly lovely than amainstream claptrap. In the joyous moments, it's pretty delightful andplays a quite nostalgic soundtrack.The film gives the actors some nuance. This is probably a good thingfor Logan Lerman. He usually plays the simple charming guy in movies.Since he's good at those, he adds some credibility to Charlie. EmmaWatson is likable enough as Sam. The best among the three is EzraMiller. One might hams it up for Patrick, but Miller gave the charactera genuinely wonderful personality.The director and author, Stephen Chbosky, didn't try anything else thanto bring his book to life. He tells it straightforward on screen withplenty of strong, effective emotions. The cinematography is bright andbeautiful enough. The tunnel scene has the best shots. While thesoundtrack is too conspicuous, the music score is noticeablymelancholic.The Perks of Being a Wallflower is best if you can actually relate tothe lead character or have experienced the struggles of being anadolescent. When it's not depressing, the film goes to those blissfulmoments that make us remember the good times in high school. Overall,it's a great film. It's a film adaptation that replaces the clichémainstream swagger with some painful realities and simply let theaudience understand the whole point of it. In the end, it's quite aremarkable film.