"The Perks of Being a Wallflower" will be a relevant book for a longtime, and consequently there's nothing dated about Stephen Chbosky'sunique coming-of-age story now that it has finally hit the big screenso many years later. Anchored by strong performances from its leads anda powerful sense of poignancy, "Wallflower" is a thoroughly meaningfuland enjoyable film.To come clean I've never read the book, but when an author tackles hisown work as both writer and director, it can sometimes spell disaster.When adapting their own work, the creators of original source materialeither fail or succeed beautifully; either they can't do what needs tobe done to their baby in order to make it suitable for film or theycompletely understand how to translate their work. Chbosky appears tohave hit upon the latter.As a director, Chbosky's strength is capturing the nostalgia of hisstory, the emotions in particular from the unadulterated mirth to thesad, sad loneliness. With such talented blooming actors at hisdisposal, the film becomes all about them and we can't help butidentify with them.The world of "Wallflower" is stereotypical high school, but somehow,even though countless films do the same thing, "Perks" feels authentic.Maybe its the setting of Pittsburgh, the king of blue-collar cities,along with the early '90s setting. Regardless of when you went throughthis phase of your life, there's something so identifiable in the waythis film presents it.Charlie (Logan Lerman) is one of those protagonists that we allidentify with too, and that's ultimately what makes this storypowerful. We all have times when we feel like we didn't fit in, when wewere ignored, when we felt like no one noticed us. And because Charliewants to have friends, he isn't afraid to put himself in situations tosucceed socially, we like him a lot. He's not the kind of loner whospurns the world around him.We meet Charlie upon his first day of high school. It's rough to be afreshman and Charlie has no friends. None. Everyone he was friends withas a kid has spurned him in some way and his best friend took his ownlife the previous spring. He's afraid to do anything to stand out, toembrace what makes him special. Fortunately, he puts himself inposition to meet Patrick (Ezra Miller) and Sam (Emma Watson), twoseniors who don't fall into any clique other than their self-described"misfits" label. They are sweet, genuine people (as characters and theactors playing them) and they embrace Charlie. We come to love them ina vicarious way, for reaching out to Charlie as we ourselves would liketo.Another part of what makes "Wallflower" a great story is that while weidentify so strongly with Charlie at first, we eventually come to learnmore and more about him and to the point that we can't even trulyimagine what it's like to be him. We both pity him and come to admirehim all the more for having a strength we're not sure we could everhave.The bulk of the film showcases their adventures, along with Charlie'sgrowing affection toward Sam and his relationship with other friends intheir group. Every little scene evokes something keen, namely what weloved about being in high school. Drama and serious issues crop up too,but with them comes the implicit understanding that these were theproblems we faced in high school and even if we would do thingsdifferently now, that's what we probably would've done then.Not enough praise can be given to the trio of Lerman, Miller and Watsonfor bringing those feelings to life. Lerman is brilliant when it comesto portraying Charlie's introversion and communicating the mess in hishead that we don't fully comprehend until the end. He should drop thePercy Jackson act and find more indie projects.After seeing "We Need to Talk About Kevin," I thought I would neverlike Miller, ever, and always associate him with that terrifying titlerole, but he nails the courageous and flamboyant gay best friend,embodying the stereotype and then subverting it. His line delivery cutsthe tension at the most ideal moments and he's the most lovable part ofthe movie by far. Sam is the weakest of the main characters, the girl next door with atroubled past that likes all the wrong guys. We're given her very muchas Charlie sees her or any lonely teenager with a crush on the one hethinks he'll never get sees her. Watson, however, does a nice jobkeeping Sam's fragility with her at all times. When she's happy, it'san emotional breakthrough, and we get more of a sense of her characteron the inside in spite of what the script gives us."The Perks of Being a Wallflower" doesn't break ground ground from acinematic or storytelling perspective, but it does what it does ?chiefly appeal to the emotions ? as good as any movie out there.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit moviemusereviews.com