Well, to start with, I don't think this story's premise is unfamiliarto everyone, but this version tosses in a new message: "be kind andhave courage at all times" which the title character keeps repeatingthroughout- even though she is really neither brave, nor even reallykind unless it's to the mice she keeps feeding. Nope, instead this Cinderella is just a pushover and also kind of anairhead who actually starts calling herself "Cinderella"- a cruelnickname her evil stepsisters came up with to mock her, thus trulygiving her "evil" step-siblings power over her. This Cinderella alsohas a weird, wide-eyed expression throughout the movie as if saying"you're so mean to me, but I'm such a good person I'll take it" toeveryone who does her wrong. I'm not sure if that is Lily James' fault,or the writing. For me, the best re-telling of the "Cinderella" story is "Ever After"with Drew Barrymore. In that film, Cinderella IS actually both kind andbrave, saving the prince's life and even using a sword to fight her wayout of a sticky situation. The bravest thing Cinderella does in thisfilm is not wear any makeup in front of the prince. If you're looking for a better Cinderella re-telling, I'd recommend"Ever After" or even just stick to the original animated film since"Ever After" uses no special effects or CGI to create magic.The film does look very pretty, and costumes and sets are beautiful.However, it relies far too much on CGI, if you ask me. Acting-wise,Cate Blanchett is by far the best thing about this movie, then ofcourse she is pretty much great in anything. Lily James, IMO, is justnot a very good actress and not charismatic enough to have a lead rolein a film. Also, I wonder who decided it was a good idea to put her ina blonde wig without dyeing her very dark eyebrows? That looked strangeto me. Richard Madden as the prince for me just did not work.All in all, I'm glad I watched it since I got to see the great scenery,costumes, and a great performance from Blanchett. However, I wouldn'twatch it again.