"The Perks of Being a Wallflower" is definitely a movie that almostevery teen and adult can relate to. It can bring back the beloved andnostalgic teen-hood memories of an adult, and while at the same time,showing a realistic tale of the every-day life of a teenager in highschool to those who can understand the hardships of being a teen. "ThePerks of Being a Wallflower" is definitely one of the best movies ofthe year. Logan Lerman, from "Percy Jackson" fame, delivers one of thisyear's most fantastic performances as Charlie, a shy and nervous youngteen, with dreams of being a writer, while not having the greatestchildhood, who's about to start his first day of high school. He seeshimself as an outcast from the other kids, and he's afraid to make anyfriends, until he meets and befriends two seniors, Sam and Patrick,played respectively by Emma Watson of "Harry Potter" fame, and EzraMiller of "We Need to Talk About Kevin" fame. They accept Charlie asone of their own, and ask him to join their group of "misfit toys". Wenow get a heartwarming tale of teen-hood, friendship, surviving throughhigh school, living your life, and growing up in this wonderfulcoming-of-age teen drama. Based on a critically acclaimed novel of thesame name, the book's author, Stephen Chbosky, has both written anddirected a film adaptation of his own novel, and it just pulls offbeautifully. You can tell that all the hard work has to be creditedtowards the director. It was his responsibility that the movie just hasa great look and style, and it has a great realistic tone, while itnever falls to being dull. Delivering one of the best scripts in recentmemory, this movie is just filled with clever and witty dialouge, whileat the same time, giving the audience some intense realistic moments,some that can make you laugh, or some that can make you cry. Thanks tothe hard work of the writer, "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" neverfeels as just a simple movie, while rather feels more like a realisticand truthful portrayal of teen life and behavior. As for theperformances, all three young actors: Lerman, Watson, and Miller alldelivering a fantastic chemistry that just shines on screen, and eachactor delivers a great performance one after the other. The gorgeousEmma Watson is great playing the down-to-earth character of Sam, whileEzra Miller delivers stand-out comic relief as Patrick, the incrediblyneurotic and charismatic step-brother to Sam. But, it's Logan Lermanwho deserves a Best Actor nomination, for his performance as Charlie.As we learn in the film, he hasn't had a great childhood, from notcommunicating a lot with his family, and still trying to go through thedeath of a close relative. That makes Charlie seem the ultimate outcastat school. We actually feel the pain and hardships that the charactergoes through, and we as the audience, are always on his side,supporting him through the stages of his teen life. It's a goldenperformance that is truly one of the best I've seen all year. Theunstoppable supporting cast also features some minor, but greatperformances from Paul Rudd as the English teacher with a heart ofgold, and Melanie Lynskey, seen in flashbacks, as Charlie's deceasedrelative. This is a film that everybody, in almost every age, fromadolescence to adult-hood, can find something to relate to. This is afilm that will show audiences a beautiful coming-of-age tale of beingyourself, staying with your friends, and trying to live in the worldaround us. Seeming perfectly similar to a John Hughes film, from "TheBreakfast Club" to "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "The Perks of Being aWallflower" is a truly original and realistic teen flick that audiencesall over will enjoy for sure! "The Perks of Being a Wallflower", in myreview, "A beautifully original, and truly remarkable coming-of-agetale of adolescence".