The biggest issue with this movie, I would have to admittedly say, isthe fact that is such an underrated film. Not to say anything againstBest Picture nominee, Silver Linings Playbooks, but I would myselfplace an Oscar nomination for The Perks of Being a Wallflower over SLPfor a Best Picture nomination. That being said, let the review beunderway A young and troubled freshman by the name of Charlie (LoganLerman) attempts to make his way through high school and gain friendsas he falls in love with Sam (Emma Watson) The story is definitelybased off Steven Chbosky's novel which he writes and directs in thiscase. Normally, having the author of a book direct a film can oftencome out horrible as a reader's interpretation is completely differentfrom a film director's. Also, a book must be structured and paceddifferently to that of a film and in most cases, an author directing afilm would more so attempt to direct it like a film. It's not the casehere, thankfully! The direction in this film is definitely marvellousand the way the characters were presented is truly fantastic. Havingnever read the book myself, I was almost immediately fascinated by thefilm and a while into the film, I knew I would love it. Despite onlyreaching a 100 minute run time, I would personally have loved the filmto be another half hour longer.The film is a truly moving one and is not an average popcorn flick.Very powerful emotionally, at least for someone like me, who hasexperienced a similar life to that of Charlie, it can definitely behard to re-watch this film, despite its complete brilliance.With good performances throughout, from Logan Lerman to Emma Watson,this film adds further credibility. If I were to pick a fault with thisfilm, I'd really have a tough time sitting through thinking butperhaps, if a few characters, mainly Mary and Sam were elaborated a bitmore, there may have been a bit more of an emotional connection but forSam, it doesn't tend to matter much as her character is a likable oneand the screen time she has is relatively long.In a year that saw the releases of films like Django Unchained, TheHobbit, Skyfall, The Dark Knight Rises, The Avengers and Looper, Imyself would personally rank it above all those great films of the yearexcept for my personal favourite Django Unchained.Fantastic direction, excellent writing and an excellent knowledge ofbook to movie adaptations from the book's very author, The Perks ofBeing a Wallflower is a brilliantly acted story and is emotionallypowerful yet displays elements of other films. A fantastic film, a nearmasterpiece of the decade. One of the most underrated films of this newdecade.