Overview: The story of Cinderella can be traced back to early Egypt,China, France, Germany and many other countries from around the world.The most well-known versions were written by Charles Perrault,Cendrillon, and by the Brothers Grimm, Aschenputtel. There have beencountless film, television and stage adaptations of the iconic story,but the most well-known adaptation is Walt Disney's 1950 animated film.I first fell in love with Walt Disney's animated film when I was justthree-years-old. It was actually the first Disney film that I ever sawas a child. I can still remember being captivated by the story andsinging along with the songs. It was as though a spell had been castupon me, but the magic never wore off at midnight. There were no wordsto describe the level of excitement I had when I first found out thatDisney was developing a live-action film of the timeless story.Review: Tonight, I had the opportunity to attend an advance screeningof the live-action version of Walt Disney's most beloved animated film,Cinderella. What I enjoyed most about the latest "animation tolive-action" treatment, is that it's a relatively straightforwardtelling of the classic story. While Alice in Wonderland and Maleficentwere unnecessary dark and edgy re- imaginings of their animatedpredecessors, Cinderella is retold respectfully and refreshingly forthe new generation. And yes... IT'S NOT A MUSICAL!The Cast: Lily James (Cinderella) and Richard Madden (Prince Charming)were rightfully chosen for their iconic roles. Lily truly captured thetrue essence of Cinderella's innocence, charm and beauty. Richard...those eyes... ahem... was truly charming in every sense of the word. Iloved the chemistry between the Prince and Cinderella -- I don't thinkI've seen such chemistry between two characters in a Disney film for avery long time. It's very refreshing to see a fairy tale romanceblossom!Cate Blanchett (Lady Tremaine) and Helena Bonham-Carter (FairyGodmother) were perfectly cast for their respective roles. Cate notonly brought a lot of depth to her character, but you could tell shewas enjoying the role as the malicious stepmother. Helena not onlybrought a bit of comic relief to the film, but she was definitely funto watch -- although you can't help but wonder if Mrs. Weasley actuallyzapped Bellatrix Lestrange into a parallel universe. Hmm?Director and Writer: I personally believe that Disney made the rightdecision to hire Kenneth Branagh to direct the film and Chris Weitz towrite the screenplay. As I was watching the film on the big screentonight, I could tell that they both approached the story with deepunderstanding and, most importantly, respect. I was genuinely relievedthat it wasn't ruined by some unnecessary "dark" and "edgy" plot twist.Phew!Score and Costumes: I absolutely loved Patrick Doyle's score for thefilm and found it to be quite fitting with the story. It was perfectlytimed and it drew you into the fairy tale world. I'm definitely happythat I bought the soundtrack. Sandy Powell's costumes, though silly attimes, were excellent. I don't think I've seen such beautiful designsand vibrant colours in one film since the Golden Age of Hollywood. Igenuinely hope Sandy will be nominated for an Oscar next year for thosestunning costumes. Bravo!Sets and Special Effects: The film itself is a visual marvel --especially for the fairy tale genre. I was truly swept away by thelavish sets that were designed by Dante Ferretti. I don't think I'veseen such a breathtaking production since the late 1930's whenHollywood used to put a lot of effort into their sets. The specialeffects were equally breathtaking, with the dress transformation andthe carriage-to-pumpkin scenes being two of my favourite visualhighlights. Very impressive!Running Time: My only disappointment was the running time of thetheatrical cut. I personally believe that it should have been 10minutes or 15 minutes longer to flesh out the story more. The filmflowed smoothly and didn't feel rushed, but there were a number ofscenes and dialogue that were, unfortunately, left on the cutting roomfloor. Hopefully Disney will release an extended cut, or include thosedeleted scenes on the home media release. You hear me, Disney?!Verdict: Despite my issue with the running time, I genuinely believethat Disney did something right with their latest live-action film.While most people were probably expecting a sword-wielding action hero,I'm happy that Disney treated their most beloved character with theuttermost care and respect. While the previous live-action films wereall about style, they lacked substance and, unfortunately, heart.Cinderella, however, has style, substance and, most importantly, heart.I'm genuinely happy that Disney kept the magic alive in this film. IfWalt Disney himself were alive today, I'm sure he would be proud to seehis most treasured little saviour be retold to the new generation in abeautiful and charming way. Bravo! Note: Make sure to stay during the whole end credits as it'saccompanied by Lily James singing a beautiful rendition of "A Dream IsA Wish Your Heart Makes" and Helena Bonham Carter singing a muchhumorous version of "Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo". A wonderful nostalgictribute to the animated film!