Where to begin? It didn't make sense. It didn't have laughs. It didn'tmake it clear which period it was set in. It didn't have characterdevelopment - it merely had characters to whom things happened. Itdidn't have any understanding of the drug culture. Or the musicculture. Or the technology of the day - whichever day it really is setin. OK, it must be the 80s, 90s because of the cassettes. But as agroup they dressed so unlike any teenagers I have ever seen anywhere.And they don't know Bowie? Old music aficionados? It didn't make sense.The school. It didn't ring true. All the pupils were stock characters.Don't get me started on the gay jock storyline. Cartoon land. As wasthe fight scene. As was much of the film. A few tender moments, butmostly stuff we've seen a hundred times before. The acting was fine. Patrick's character annoyed me though. He seemedto have no depth, whereas Charlie was all depth for a very clichédreason. I am still none the wiser as to why he wasn't sorted out at hisfirst trip to hospital before the film began. You mean the psychdoctors didn't probe far enough first time around? And once he lets itall out to his new smiling psychiatrist, he is instantly cured? Freudstill lives? Oh please...It didn't make sense. And what were the perks of being a wallfloweranyway? Free pot brownies? Besides he wasn't a wallflower for about 95%of the movie. Oh, so the whole clique were wallflowers, misfits,outsiders? No they weren't. They were just like everyone else witharound three good friends each, but in their case, dubious taste inmusic. I mean Eileen and Heroes? OK, I like Heroes, but soinappropriate for a bunch of youngsters seriously into retro. Theythink Something by the Beatles is 'out there'? Embarrassing musicalclichés at every turn.Emma Watson, you need to choose better directors and scripts or you'llend up glossed over. Take a leaf out of Jennifer Lawrence's playbook ismy advice. Not sure why some here took her acting to task. Shedelivered. But with the lines she was given I shouldn't be surprisedsome didn't like her.This film is a sorry mess that I was expecting much more from. I foundmyself finding fault with almost every scene. Don't like doing that.Perhaps it might work for kids who have had little movie experience,but wouldn't the music put them off? Why the high IMDb rating? It's amystery to me.