Reviewed by: Dare Devil Kid (DDK)Rating: 1.5/5 starsKenneth Branagh, who boasts quite an impressive directorial repertoire,shockingly wields the camera like a quill pen in his latest offering,mannered and dull, seeking Shakespeare where he isn't. You couldn'teven begin to imagine how Branagh mishandles "Cinderella", so reverentand corny in its approach, so reverent and corny gleeful abandon, aslight swerve from the traditional wouldn't hurt.We obviously can't expect a rollicking fairy tale spoof like"Enchanted" or a delectably tangy retelling of Sleeping Beauty'sclassic yarn from the principal antagonist's perspective (a la"Maleficient"). No, "Cinderella" and her glass slippers or shoes orwhatever they are doesn't offer as much scope for innovation as herother fairy princess counterparts. Besides, hers was also the one tale,unlike most other classic fairy tales, that had deep-rootedpatriarchal, sexist, and downright questionable themes. With that beingsaid, this "Cinderella" is still achingly old-fashioned, with scanthumor, a regressive heroine, and a buffoon for a fairy godmother. Adarn shame when Branagh and Disney's bosses could have easily tweakedthe story without going completely off-course to usher in a new,rational age for Cinderella - the tale does date back to 1697 afterall.Branagh's film portrays an outdated Disney princess from a time beforeAriel and Belle redefined femininity in enjoyable animated retellings.Plenty of assertive, ambitious women have been drawn since. The trendtoward live-action fairy tales gives them even more backbone. So whydoes Ella, played by poseable starlet Lily James ("Downton Abbey"),need to be this bloodless, submissive, and desperately in need ofPrince Charming? Branagh even robs Ella of her singing voice; nodream-wish song for her, or any compositions from the 1950 soundtrackuntil the end credits.Screenwriter Chris Weitz ("About a Boy") sticks close to CharlesPerrault's 1697 version of the folk tale, which informed Disney'sanimated 1950 version. Ella is orphaned early, but not before Mother(Hayley Atwell) teaches her to be courageous and kind, and Father (BenChaplin) remarries. The rest can't possibly be spoiled by now. None ofit will come as a surprise to generations who have grown up on thesugary romanticism of this yarn. Branagh and Weitz don't attempt tobring any major twists or contemporary relevance to the material. Anexpanded prologue includes segments with a young Cinderella and herbiological parents to minimal benefit, and there are the usual lessonsabout acceptance and kindness, and staying true to yourself, whichhardly break the mold.James makes a lovely submissive, always turning the other perfectlysculpted cheek when life slaps her character Ella. She doesn't conveyany more depth than a theme park Cinderella welcoming guests. Even theCGI mice sharing her prison loft appear gradually disenchanted. Itdoesn't seem fair to match an amateurish James' pallid performanceagainst veteran Cate Blanchett's deliciously wicked stepmother, LadyTremaine. Her steely gaze and venomous line readings are thesecond-best thing about "Cinderella", the first being Sandy Powell'sswoony costume designs. The stepsisters' wardrobe, a collection ofmatching patterns in clashing colors, offers visual comic relief to amovie needing it from anywhere. Indeed, the film's best virtue is itstechnical polish, complete with colorful sets and extravagant costumes(especially during the lavish ball sequence), along with seamlessspecial effects during the Fairy Godmother transformation scene.Running contrary to its message, the film seems content to fit inrather than stand out from its numerous predecessors on stage andscreen. That familiarity renders its wholesome approach somewhattedious. Perhaps it's missing a little "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo."