When I heard they were going to be making a live action remake of theClassic Disney Animated film Cinderella all I could do was shake myhead. But then I heard more info about the cast with big names likeCate Blanchett, who's in the excellent Carol, and Richard Madden, fromGame of Thrones fame. The director, Kenneth Branagh, was a veryinteresting choice too. His previous films, Hamlet and Thor, werecritically acclaimed and varying films that showed that was taking thisremake seriously. Cinderella is a film that doesn't do anythingextremely different with the story. While there are a couple ofinteresting changes it doesn't do anything to separate itself with theoriginal.But once Lily James is introduced as the titular character the filmreally brightens. She plays the role of Cinderella well and gives agreat performance that shows a little bit more characterization ofCinderella. But the character of Cinderella is still as bland as thecartoon. The only new information given to us about her is that sherides horses. She's still the same Cinderella, kind, caring, andperfect to a fault. I would have liked it more if they strayed a bitmore away from that character and made her a bit more relatable to thetarget demographic it's appealing to.It may seem like I'm trashing her but her performance was great asCinderella but get character needed a bit more depth. But thehumanizing of the other characters is amazing. The Prince has sometouching moments and the Stepmother is shown in a very different lightand not just this woman that hates Cinderella for no reason. Anothergood attribution to the Stepmother is Blanchett's performance.Blanchett plays the character as so many things that she steals theshow. But that's to be expected from a Cate Blanchett performance.The technical aspects of Cinderella are worth the price of admission byitself. The sets look fantastic with big vibrant ballrooms and serenelooking grasslands. The cinematography has great shots of theenvironment but some of the beauty is taken away by the horrificallynoticeable CGI. While it's not used frequently and only with mice,ships and carriages it detracts from the wonderful cinematography. Veryshocked this wasn't nominated for best costume/set design at theOscars.Overall, Cinderella isn't the travesty I was expecting but it alsoisn't dismissing my worries about the upcoming remakes of Beauty andthe Beast, Mulan, Dumbo and Winnie-the-Pooh. The performances aregreat, especially Madden and Blanchett, even though Cinderella couldhave more depth. If you want to see a better version of this thansticking to the original Disney animation is the best bet.