The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a strange little film that willlikely divide audiences before they even reach the cinema.Writer/director Stephen Chbosky has a ready-made audience from hissource novel and has credibility as the creator of TV series Jericho,but as a director he has just one previous big screen outing: 1995'slittle seen The Four Corners of Nowhere. In front of the camera thereis little in the way of star power though both male leads have someimpressive films on their CVs: Logan Lerman has ably supported biggernames in the likes of 3:10 to Yuma and starred in Percy Jackson and theLightening Thief while Ezra Miller positively chilled the world as thetitular sociopath in We Need to Talk About Kevin.So it falls to the biggest name amongst the principal stars, EmmaWatson, to woo the audiences. And therein lies the division. Watson hasphysically appeared on the big screen in nine films prior to this,eight of which were as Hermione Granger. If you've never watched aHarry Potter film, your only cinematic reference to date is a briefappearance in the fine My Week With Marilyn. If you're one of thecountless millions who have watched the wizard series you'll eitherrecall her acting ability evolved from 'not terribly good' to'passable' or you're still under fourteen years of age.The first thirty minutes of The Perks of Being a Wallflower verge onarduous, largely due to Watson, playing Sam, the older woman toLerman's Charlie. She tries so damn hard to act, to be noticed, to beAmerican, to earn our respect but succeeds only in looking like a childwho has raided her mum's wardrobe but is ten years too young to carryit off and ten years too old to still look cute. For thirty minutes Iwatched a film that barely warranted two stars and I groaned inwardlyat the thought I chose this over Anna Karenina.Then something happened. Or rather, nothing in particular happened butWatson relaxed into Sam, The Perks of Being a Wallflower found its feetand I realized I was watching an imperfect but touching,thought-provoking film about discovery, sexuality, friendship andbetrayal. And, shockingly, that Emma Watson has the makings of being areasonably good actress. Once she relaxes, her performance is tenderand Sam's desperation is palpable.Charlie is an introverted freshman with little self-confidence whowrites letters to his only friend: a friend who committed suicide.Faced with the challenge of college, Charlie begins his first day withdesperate hope for change and concludes it counting down the days untilgraduation. Life sucks, the bullies spot him a mile away and his onlyescape is through the books his English teacher, Mr. Anderson (PaulRudd), inspires him with until he is adopted by a group of misfits intheir final year headed by Sam and her stepbrother, Patrick (Miller).Miller stands out with a performance that is a world apart from Kevin.As Patrick he is a maelstrom of emotions in a fragile body that wearsgregariousness like armour. He is judgmental, forgiving, joyful,depressed, delightful and as annoying as hell. Patrick is damagedgoods. And that's why he and Sam are more than stepsiblings. And that'swhy Charlie fits right in. The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a filmfor all of us who felt like we were on the outside trying desperatelyto make someone notice we were hammering on the door to be let in. It'salso a film for all of those who were enjoying the party and decided toignore the banging.The trailer implies a sweet, humorous college flick but it doesn'tportray the various shades of darkness within the characters. Everyonehas a side they turn away from the crowd and Chbosky, after a falteringstart, rotates every character so the dark side faces the camera, ifonly fleetingly. He writes and directs like a chess player (no, not agrandmaster, but that may come) lulling us into a false sense ofsecurity with something sweet or cheerfully twee and then he kicks ushard, square in the balls and we gasp at this new revelation.For some viewers there are great twists and turns, but most will watchas the characters slowly unfurl and reveal more of what is hidden deepinside and not see each new disclosure as a shock but as another jigsawpiece to reveal the full picture.There were no tears, no huge lumps in my throat and too much damage wasdone in the first 30 minutes to elevate The Perks of Being a Wallflowerabove six stars but it is a good film, particularly after the event asthe story remains very much in mind.I had intended to make it the first in a double bill with Sinister butsuch was the effect on me that I opted not to pollute my state of mindwith something harsh and lacking in sensitivity, instead preferring aslow drive through dark country lanes home to a warm cottage to where Icould let the story filter through in its own time.Another film review from The Squiss.Like the Facebook page: http://on.fb.me/RpitOG