This move is excellent! Sure, we all know Cinderella's story, but Idon't see why people are saying it's cliché. There are so many changes,and it is better than the original. Here's how and why:Better than the original: We still have the mice, and one is named Gus,but they don't talk or wear clothes. Nor do they make a dress, crawlinto the stepmother's pocket and grab a key without her noticing, ortrick a cat. Too much was focused on the mice in the original. Also,there's more reasoning of why Cinderella wants to go to the ball andwhy the prince wants her. He met her in the forest and admires herbecause of what she says, like, "Just because it's done doesn't mean itshould be done." Speaking of the prince, he has a nickname or actualname, so his first name isn't, "Prince." Cinderella's dresstransformation is much longer, more beautiful, and grander. Whatevermagic would look like, this is it. You see transformations, and theyare not seeing what the item is, cloud of smoke or magic, seeing whatthe item becomes. You see its transformation. The stepmother has muchmore motivation and reasoning. We get to see Cinderella's mother andhear the words she tells Cinderella, or just Ella, at the time-- "Havecourage, and be kind." The words are a bit weak, but Cinderella isn't.She eventually shouts at her cruel stepmother, and we see her strengthand bravery that was veiled under her kindness in the 1950 movie for 65years. There is also a way Ella ends up as "Cinderella."Actors and acting: Cate Blanchett was perfect for the stepmother LadyTremaine. Her eyes look cold, and I can't see how she is an actor. Sheputs so many different things into the stepmother--vain, hate,jealousy, worry, fake smile, and more. Again, I can't see her as CateBlanchett. All I see is the stepmother. Lily James was perfect forCinderella. She doesn't look exactly like the cartoon, but no one can.The stepsisters were obnoxious, meaning the actors did a great job. Theprince had much more character and didn't seem bland or blank. He has asense of humor and happiness, yet reacts to things that go wrong. Heeven cries at one point and makes me want to as well. There is a badguy on the good guy's side, and he drives me nuts, meaning the actorstayed in character.Appearances: Cinderella's waist seems incredibly thin, which isn't agood idea for girls and teenagers to see, but the actor Lily James iswearing a corset, and it's also about comparison to the part of thedress on her shoulders. The prince isn't called Prince Charming, but heis still quite charming. We have a new African-American character andAsian people in the background, but I don't see why we couldn't havehad more, or major characters being a different race than the cartoon.The magic looks real, not just some glitter. The mice almost look likereal mice. It is not as good as the live-action Jungle Book, in which Iwas asking myself, "Is that really CGI?"Songs: There is only one song and its reprise. We do not have any ofthe songs from the original, and Lily James is a soprano, meaning ahigh singer. Cinderella was an alto, a singer on the lower side, in theoriginal. Lily James's voice is beautiful and makes me want to sing,too. Romance: The two fall in love pretty quickly, which is possible tohappen in the real world, but not too quickly, which I like. Cinderellaactually talks to the prince and has a good bit of time with him beforeshe leaves the ball. In the animated version, besides singing, thefirst word she said to him was, "Oh!" and then she said she had to goand see the prince. Here, Cinderella and the prince get to know eachother much more. There is a wedding at the end, and that is when theykiss. It's not long, and they're married, which I like.The live-action Cinderella is amazing and better than the original.Even a friend of mine who loved the original all her life found itbetter. If you didn't like the cartoon, give this a try, or if youhaven't seen this at all, watch it. It's worth watching again and trulyan incredible story.