When they announced that there was going to be a live-action adaptationof the "Cinderella" fairy tale, I was a bit concerned. There wassomething special about the Disney tale, simple, but magical, full oflovable characters and memorable tunes. Still, Disney and Pixar hadbeen producing some very good animation lately, and with the excellentteasers, and the mention that Cate Blanchett would be in charge ofbringing the wicked stepmother to life, I was hoping not bedisappointed.After having two hours of cinematic pleasure, I am glad to say thatthis is one of the best movies that Disney has ever released. WithBranagh at the helm, and a very capable cast, excellent specialeffects, a clever script that adheres to the Disney cartoon text andhas added a few philosophical touches to highlight the virtues of goodversus evil, we're on for a great ride.A few things change, but Cinderella is stuck with the family from hell,as the stepmother and her two stepsisters strive to make her existencea difficult one. The stepsisters are caricatures, but the stepmother isa character to treasure in the hands of Blanchett. She's grand,spectacular, bitter, and ready to do what is necessary to survive. Shehas evolved from an innocent girl to a woman who realizes that womendon't have it easy in this particular world, and she uses whateverstrategy is needed to get what she wants.Most of the joy from the film is in the chemistry of the leads, andthis is essential to keep the romantic and magical angles alive. It'sperfectly obvious from the beginning that the princess and Ella will betogether forever, happily ever after, and are a match made in Disneyheaven. This film succeeds because it's not overdone, and it keepsmatters simple (for the story), but when the visual magic is unleashed,we'd better hold on to our hats.The transformation scene is absolute perfection as the fairy godmotherdelivers the goods and gets Cinderella to the ball, and as if thismoment wasn't enough, things are truly spectacular in the ball.Cinderella makes a grand entrance, then she dances with her princess,and we're then taken to the palace gardens in a moment reminiscent ofthe Gazebo scenes in "The Sound of Music". It all fits beautifully, andthen it builds on to the expected resolution, when the gorgeous slipperfits her foot perfectly.Dante Ferreti, Patrick Boyle compliment each other with the superb workdone in the production and music departments. Every detail isexquisite, and I will never be able to find a carriage more magnificentand delightful as Cinderella's ride. Then there the costumes, eachfitting the personality of the women who wear them. Blanchett's arestrong and seductive, powerful like her personality. Her daughters'bring out the confused personalities of each sister, and Cinderella'smight appear simple but are truly elegant and beautiful. Nothing canprepare you for the flow of that blue gown, and jaws will drop when thebride's outfit is revealed.And they say fairy tales don't exist?