The film came across as a 'film' version of the 1950 cartoon version,especially because of the inclusion of Cindy's mice friends. I admit,it was funnier, better dresses and there was slight changes which madethe film more believable. For one thing, we learn more about the prince(played by Game of Thrones star Richard Madden) then there's how we seemore of Cindy's childhood. I liked how the prince was never called'Prince Charming'. He was an ordinary man/ prince, given thesemi-ordinary name Kit. And there's a lovely speech (I think it waspart of the narration) that anyone can be a princess, you don't need atiara, or a title.Another change was how there was an introduction between Cinderella(played by Lily James) and the prince, prior to the ball. I alwaysfound it ridiculous that anyone can marry based on 'first sight' or'one night' together. So I was pleased by this change- I love whenpeople meet for the first time.Honestly, I watched this film because it was the only 'half decent'thing on the telly, and then there was my friend who did a 'Cinderella'movie marathon the weekend prior- so I figured it was a fitting choice.I had actually seen the ending a while before, with my siblings- duringfamily night which they had conveniently moved to 'day- time'. I hadmissed out the beginning since I was out gardening with my mum, whilethey were huddled on the settee watching Cinderella. At the time, I hadno desire to watch it again, based on the ending. Even right now, I'dsay the beginning of the film was my favourite part.The film begins with the happily ever after of Ella's family (herparents and her). We meet her mother and then we hear of the illness.Right before she passes, we get the idea that her mother was fantasticand couldn't have possibly been any better. Then, we see Ella and hermother having a conversation, Ella promises her mother that she will'have courage and be kind'. That's the message at the centre of thefilm.A beautiful message, no doubt. But I feel it was overused quite a bit.If you've seen the Cinderella films before, or had a read of the fairytale, you'll already know the story line. You'll know that shortlyafter Ella's mother's passing, Ella's father marries again. To a widow,with two daughters. You'll know that this woman and her children arecruel and wicked to young Ella so, as you can imagine, the message 'bekind' (in particular) is a very difficult one. But still, Ella neverfalters. I liked how this presented the strength of a promise, how itshould be honoured. But it was such a high expectation, she neverrages, says something mean, it was boring (and unbelievable- she onlyasks the reason for their actions). I view the vow she made to hermother as an overwhelming burden, it's not healthy to repress emotions.It was a ridiculous message, and she an unhealthy, unreal, role model.I recently learnt that Lily James had to read about the Indian peaceactivist such as Ghandi to develop patience and properly prepareherself for the role. I still felt it was too forced, I wanted her tofeel some hate and resentment. For me, Ella was the kind of girl myparents used to compare me to-as a way of asking, "why can't you belike her?" I wanted emotion: not just tears, happiness andindifference. What about anger? Fear? Wait, there was also love andcompassion. After all, she forgives her step mother. On second note,all the characters were really one- dimensional. They were either goodor bad, is that common of all fairy tales?I know there's the whole 'corset, tiny waist' drama about the film. Isuppose if that worries you, maybe don't watch the film with yourchildren. Personally, I never noticed-I'm oblivious to such tinydetails. I only found out when my friend told me about how theCinderella actress Lily James had to go on a liquid diet because shecouldn't eat properly in the corset. My friend, though, had actuallyheard that the actress went on the liquid diet in order to attain thetiny waist. This isn't true at all. And sure, the idea of a liquid dietidea sounds disgustingly difficult, but really the tiny waist isn'texactly flaunted (well, Cinderella does dance around in the dress). Butit's not exactly shoved in your face. In cartoons, all the charactershave tiny waists-as unhealthy an image as it is. I wouldn't overlyconcern myself with it, just stress to your children that people comein all shapes and sizes, nothing bad about it.I recommend this film for families- particularly if watching with olderchildren or with adults who don't like animation/cartoons any more, orlooking for something little different.