It's one thing arranging all the finest acting talent in a film, andhaving great period detail and costume design, but it's totally anotherto keep you invested enough for 110 minutes of your life. Effie Grayjust about manages to get over the finish line, but not with any greatimpact. Expect to reasonably entertained, but to stay perfectly stillin your seat (with the occasional glance at your watch).Effie is stuck in a loveless marriage... Her husband is an artcritic... Completely under the thumb of his demanding parents... Whoinsist he stays at home e.g, forget about the newlyweds getting a placeof their own. Her new partner is obsessed with his work, to the pointof barely acknowledging her existence. He doesn't even show anyinterest in consummating their nuptials, for instance... The firstnight he sees her naked, he bursts into tears and runs out the room.Hmm... Can you say 'issues'?Then, during an impromptu trip to Venice, she runs into a young painterwho is everything her hubby is not... empathic, fun-loving, and deeplyin love with her. Sadly, she's stuck with Mr Grump, for the simplereason that if she did split up with him, it would ruin her familyname... And besides, getting a divorce back in the 19th century wasSLIGHTLY more difficult than it is now. The situation is complicatedfurther by a strange illness she has, which involves copious amounts ofhair loss. Hmm... Who'd have though boredom and enforced virginitywould have such a toll on your health?With Effie Gray, you get the distinct impression that lots of thescenes which involve people pottering about in front of beautifulvistas, and staring in the distance while the music swells in thebackground, could have been dramatically cut... To no great loss of theplot. My theory is, some self-inflated 'important' movies such as thisalmost feel obligated to unnaturally expand the length beyond what thescript requires, to make it FEEL more epic. This tends to not work (Itcertainly doesn't here) and just leaves quite a bit of dead air.Still, as I mentioned, the cast full of stalwarts such as Julie Waltersand Emma Thompson all do their part to keep things ticking over nicely,and Dakota Fanning does the uphill trajectory of her career no harm atall with an emotionally wrought performance, backed up with a dead-onEnglish accent. In fact, there's not a lot wrong here that couldn'thave been avoided with the judicious use of a metaphorical pair ofscissors. About 20 minutes off the top should do it, luv.As it stands, I was mildly interested when I should have beenenthralled. Less it sometimes more, ya know? 6/10