Spoiler Alert: There will be some spoilers in this review.I was very fortunate to have finally seen Perks of Being a Wallflower(POBAW) at an advance screening courtesy of a fellow film fanatic andblogger. I had to travel for the most part of a day through a couple ofStates to get to the screening but it was worth every penny of the tollfees charged.Disclosure: I read POBAW nearly 10 years ago when I was just about tostart college and it remains one of my favorite books alongside worksby Thomas Pynchon, Jane Austen, Sylvia Plath, John Irving, Gore Vidal -a very eclectic bunch.I had also been tracking any plans to make a film version of the novelsince 2008 when Chbosky was quoted in an online interview that he wasworking on a script based on his novel. I thought that's a veryhopeful, positive and at the same time brave sign. Around the time Iread the novel, I was also totally engrossed in a new drama series onthe WB called "Jack and Bobby" which starred a then 12-13 year oldactor named Logan Lerman whom I had seen previously in the cultfavorite "The Butterfly Effect" as a young Ashton Kutcher and theHallmark Hall of Fame movie "A Painted House". I was struck by thematurity of Lerman's weekly output in Jack and Bobby and thought at thetime that he reminded me so much of Charlie in POBAW.Fast forward to 2010 when Variety broke the news that Lerman, Chboskyand Emma Watson were all involved in the POBAW film with JohnMalkovich's Mr. Mudd Productions - I knew then that it was going to bespecial.And it is. It is a faithful adaptation of the novel to the screen butnot necessarily a set piece-for-set piece accurate one. More than theplot elements and details, it is the story arc and the emotions in thewritten work that have made a successful transition to the screen. Forthat I must credit Chbosky for knowing what to cut and what to retainin the film version. Even the use of songs other than those inCharlie's mixtape works because the director and the entire team knowthe essence of the book and how and why it has affected so many readersand they respected it.Spoilers: There is no abortion scene, no reading of Dr. Earl Reum'smoving poem in the film or some of the scenes with Charlie's extendedfamily over the holidays and yet, I have to agree wholeheartedly withChbosky's decision on this. Fans of the book should not get into atwist because some of these will not be seen because Charlie's storyand more importantly, his unique voice is there in all it's quirky,lovable and emotional beauty.Don't let the obviously very commercial trailer fool you, the filmretains the book's darker moments and the demons which torment theprotagonist.As for the acting, I cannot say enough about how the cast embodied andfully embraced the characters they were playing. First off, those whoknow Logan Lerman only from his Percy Jackon-franchise should takeanother look at this promising young actor. I have seen Lerman in otherperformances in 3:10 to Yuma and My One and Only and always found himto be a mature and sensitive actor. And while his performances in thosefilms are noteworthy, Perks allows him to show his full range andversatility. He is Charlie no doubt about it and imbues the role withsophistication and emotion. I realize the Academy doesn't take noticeof younger actors unlike the actress categories but Lerman'sperformance is truly awards-worthy.Ezra Miller's portrayal of Patrick may surprise some fans of the bookas his characterization may be slightly more flamboyant than theNothing of the book but he delivers a funny, outrageous but ultimatelywarm performance.Now Emma Watson really needs to do more work on her American accent asher natural one flits in and out but it doesn't totally distract from awinsome and winning performance as Sam. Perhaps not in the same leagueas Lerman and Miller but certainly a departure and breakthrough fromjust being known as Hermione. The actress knows how to choose material.Also the chemistry between her and Lerman is outstanding.Mae Whitman, Paul Rudd, Joan Cusack, Kate Walsh, Dylan McDermott andthe always great Melanie Lynskey also make wonderful contributions. Iwish though that we had seen more of the young actor Chbosky cast asMichael (cut out of the film) and Julia Garner of Electrick Children.Just a last note, Chbosky makes full use of his Pittsburgh setting tosituate the characters in the film. The Christmas/holiday scenes arebeautiful visually and so is the RHPS.If there is one thing I hope fans of POBAW will do is to tell peoplethey know to see the film. This is not your typical teen fare andcertainly miles ahead of the Twilight series and the Hunger Games. As acoming-of-age film, I would place this in the same league as "DeadPoets' Society" and the classic "Harold and Maude". More substantialthan John Hughes' work. This is real. I would love it if families couldsee this film together. It deserves nothing less. I hope that there isenough critical mass at TIFF and beyond to elevate this film for theaccolades it deserves.