Having never seen the stage version of Les Miserables and having readlimited reviews of the film, I honestly didn't know what to expect fromTom Hooper's Les Miserables. After experiencing the film earlier today,I can say it was a tremendous experience.I felt the first thirty minutes or so were the strongest of the entirefilm, plunging us into the despair and conflicts of various characterswith adroit narrative thrust so that not a moment feels wasted orredundant. Two of the three (in my opinion) gut-wrenching musicalnumbers come in this section- Anne Hathaway's "I Dreamed a Dream"(which, if I recall correctly, was filmed largely in a single take) andHugh Jackman's "Who Am I?". I can only speculate but, compared to thestage version, being able to take in every facial nuance in the filmversion seems to make the moments of crescendo and soaring strings packso much more of an emotional punch. Both Hathaway and Jackman alsodeliver top-notch performances, and it's hard to imagine anyone elsefitting the role of Valjean as well as Jackman. Thematically, the film also shines in this section. Here we areintroduced to the major theme of forgiveness for the first time,through Fantine we tap into maternal bonds as well as disillusionment,and Valjean's struggles explore the conflict between not only publicand private selves but also reconciling our own personal interests withwhat is morally correct.It seemed curious to me that the bleakest moments of the film (at leastfor me) came at the beginning, which made it impossible for the film toregain that same sense of gravitas as the story progressed. While theremainder of the film was certainly entertaining, it felt both lessemotionally involving and less taut than the beginning.Helena Bonham Carter and Sacha Baron Cohen provided some muchappreciated comic relief, but their antics seemed oddly out of place inthis film at times, and often left me feeling as though I were watchingSweeney Todd again. Russell Crowe, while certainly no vocal powerhouse,did a fine job as Javert, although I found his final number to be oddlyanti-climactic. The younger actors gave fine performances as well, withSamantha Barks demonstrating the most potential and Eddie Redmaynesurprisingly delivering the final gut-wrenching number, "Empty Chairsat Empty Tables." The thematic exploration of the rise and fall ofidealism makes this sequence especially poignant.Artistically, Les Miserables is a feast. The production design istop-notch, with meticulously crafted sets and props. Makeup andcostumes are definitely noteworthy as well. Many of the shots of Parishave an artificially beautiful aesthetic to them, and every crane shotadds a sense of beauty and scope to the piece. Editorially, the filmmakes takes advantage of cuts to characters in different locations orconcurrent events which would not have been possible in the stageversion of Les Mis.One minor complaint from a filmmaking perspective was cinematographerDanny Cohen's method of framing characters. Conventional cinematographytypically frames actors so that their faces are demarcating either theleft or right third of the screen, with the camera positioned so thattheir subjects are turned towards the remaining two thirds of thescreen. In Les Miserables (though thankfully not to the same extent asin The King's Speech), a few times the characters are positioned sothat they are facing the other direction- the edge of the screen.Though I imagine the filmmakers were attempting to add visual flourishto the film, I found this technique oddly jarring, drawing me out ofthe film and making me conscious I was watching a movie.The film does regain some levity in its rousing finale, which ties thefilm together in plot, theme, and song. Despite the minor issues I hadwith the film, I found it to be a hard-hitting and rousing work of art.I could probably sum it up best by noting that this is the first movieI've been to where even old men were wiping their teary eyes by thetime the credits rolled.