I have never been able to comprehend what anybody hears in this"musical." The score is a trite, repetitious, uninspired andunmemorable collection of chords that go nowhere and say nothing. Foras many times as I have heard and seen this show, none of its musicsticks in my mind's ear...and I say that as a musician. Ask me to hum afew bars of this aria or the other, and I can't. It's THAT unmemorable.The limited musical vocabulary of the composer(s) of this score istruly frightening.The score imagines itself to be more like an opera than a musical asevery single line of dialog and "song" is intoned. I say "intoned"rather than "sung," because song - from which singing derives -requires a melodic line which rises and falls, and which reinforces thetext being sung. Much of Le Mis is sung on a single tone, extendedspeech, as it were, that grows boring in very quick order. It's like atrip to an old Roman Catholic church where all of the monks wereunfortunately monotones. I have visions of the composer writing asingle note as a placeholder for 15 pages of music, with the idea thathe'll come back later and write the actual melody...only he never did!This music is ghastly stuff! It's The Emperor's New Clothes in musicalguise. To quote Gertrude Stein, "there's no there there" when it comesto the music.And so along comes this movie which drops this horrible, uninterestingscore into the hands of a bevy of actors who couldn't sing "Mary Had ALittle Lamb" were a gun put to their heads. There is more awful singingper minute in this movie than in any other musical in history. Much hasbeen made of the director insisting that his actors actually sing theirintonations on set, rather than syncing to a prerecorded soundtrack.BAD IDEA, because what we as an audience get to witness are thecontortions and physical agonies many of these "singers" go through toemit the simplest of musical thought. This is not art. This is theamateur hour, a hack show of, well, epic proportions. Singers who actually know how to sing "give their all" NOT throughconvoluted and obviously painful and visible tensions in the throat andbody, but by having a singing technique that allows them to producetheir basic sound freely, with emotion and drama added to what is, infact, a balanced and easily produced sound. Of course, the masses seethis physical distress as a singer "giving their all," rather than whatit actually is - ie: a singer struggling against themselves to producethe effect they desire. Can one imagine admiring an athlete for whomsimply putting one foot in front of the other in a foot race was thehardest thing to do in life? No, we'd say "that person is an amateurwho hasn't a clue as to what it means to run a race." Yet in this 2012version of Les Mis, we are supposed to praise amateurs for theirINABILITY to sing. Pathetic.But does it matter? The truth is that one could drop the finest singersin history into this "musical," and they would still be stuckperforming the musical equivalent of singing the phone book.Dreadful, dreadful stuff. The stuff of adult nightmares, in fact.Were there a "zero" rating available, I'd give it to this turkey.