This is a movie of a stage musical based on Victor Hugo's immense novel- 'Les Miserables.' The story of the book looks scathingly and at greatlength at society's injustices to the poor and needy, especially one,Jean Valjean, who is released from prison after 19 years (for stealinga loaf of bread and then trying to escape), breaks parole and bettershimself. But on his trail is the wretched Inspector Javert, whobelieves once bad always bad. The latter half is about Paris, whereonce again Valjean has fled to live a proper life bringing up thedaughter of a woman who fell into the gutter because of his neglect.A great premise for a story, but how can you engage with a sung throughmusical on realistic celluloid? Sorry, Mr Hooper, but cast singing liveduring shooting adds nothing, except for you to boast that you havebroken the barriers of film!!!! The voices are OK, but not much moreamongst the leads. There is barely a memorable tune or song - just alot of droning repetition that bores from about ten minutes in! We alsohave comic relief - Baron Cohen and Bonham Carter - that is just atired repeat of 'Oliver' and so ridiculous, it spoils what is good inthe movie. Which is quite simply a series of overwhelmingly emotionalclimaxes - how the stage musical was so popular! But even that trickbores after a while.So direction is piffling, the lyrics and script a trudge through Frenchhistory without the history, and the suffering over-hyped to be almostlaughable towards the end - and doesn't the last hour dragggggggg!There is little explanation of the background to the barricades (thelast interminable Act with no interval for a drink!) - and, indeed, theinsurrection of 1832 achieved nothing and fades away on screen badly.Remember that Hugo was really writing about the later betrayal of theFrench Republic in 1851 by Louis Napoleon declaring himself EmperorNapoleon 111 - when he then manned the barricades but the people didnot rise to support the Republic! So the story keeps itself alive inthe closing stages with the mock-Ruritanian instant love affair betweenMarius and Cosette (lukewarm at best) and the suicide of the everdogged Javert, as he realises Man has not Fallen, but can retrieveHimself through forgiveness.The acting depends on Hugh Jackman, and he makes a good stab at it, butcannot overcome the over the top demands of (cod) opera acting. A pity!The others are alright with Ann Hathaway the pick for pretending to bea prostitute! And the lyrics could have been updated - HerbertKretzmeyer the lyricist was a writer for the 60s and 70s, and itshows... badly, like most other aspects of this creaking overblownvehicle for directorial and critical egos!