If you don't like musicals or are not a fan of the through-sung style,skip this movie. I will only irritate you (much like bombastic actionfilms torture me).But if you're a fan of Les Miserables or musicals in general, thenyou're in for a treat.Many people have criticized Tom Hooper's direction. For me, I justthink these people have no idea what Hooper is doing, and do notrealize the effects of his work (with the help of Danny Cohen'smarvelous cinematography). The Dutch angles work very well, especiallyduring the Lovely Ladies sequences -- Hooper skillfully created asurrealistic, nightmarish Paris for Fantine (and the audience), makingus feel queasy and uncomfortable and horrified, in some ways, forFantine. We have to realize that this is not a videotaped version ofthe stage play or concert. This is a movie. Hooper said that he wantedto create an extreme/heightened realism that is on the verge of beingsurrealistic. I for one applaud his choice and I think it worksbeautifully for the movie.Same with the close-ups. They created the kind of intimacy you won'tget on stage, and also provided the opportunities for the actors to dotheir work. The result is amazingly personal, intense. Obviously itworks better for some actors than others (that's why we're thinking ofgiving Anne Hathaway the Oscar, not Amanda Seyfried), but over all,it's a great cinematic choice -- together with live recording... it'semotionally powerful.I do have some gripes: certain hand-held camera shots could have beenavoided or stabilized -- there is really no need for them. Thebarricade scenes can be somewhat chaotic and rushed. UnfortunatelyHooper has to work in the confine of the musical structure, and thestory is already almost 3 hours long. Also, they had to cut or shortensome songs to fit the time frame - to those who have seen the show 30times, it could be unsettling.The performances are excellent. Hugh Jackman carries most of the moviewith dignity and amazing versatility. He may not be the best singer inthe world to play Valjean, but he IS Valjean on screen -- his voice ischaracterized to fit Valjean perfectly. His "What Have I Done" is arevelation of what his song-and-dance man who is best known forWolverine can do.Anne Hathaway deserves all the accolades she is getting. Her "I Dream aDream" will become the de facto performance for those who will playFantine in the future.Eddie Redmayne is a surprise -- I know the actor can act, but I had noidea that he could sing so well. And that he could sing and act at thesame time with such grace and charm. It's not an easy thing toaccomplish.Samantha Barks and Aaron Tveit have done Les Miserables on stagebefore, and they are excellent in the film. Many stage actors can'ttransition to the screen, but these two have succeeded (with a lot hardwork, no doubt).Amanda Seyfried is one of the weakest links in the movie. She is, ofcourse, lovely as the adult Cosette (Isabelle Allen is excellent asyoung Cosette), even though the part is underwritten (in the film or onstage). Her singing voice is okay, but not as strong as expected, and Ifind her performance somewhat one dimensional. But she and Redmaynehave great chemistry together, and that's a good thing.Russell Crowe also is the weak link. He is a good actor and I think hedoes his best with this role. But his rock-opera voice is jarringlydifferent from the rest and he just stands out like a sore thumb.However, in the course of the movie he grew on me. In his final scenesI can see the great acting (it's all in the eyes, people!). So while Ican't say he's the best Javert ever, I'll give him a pass.The supporting cast and background actors are all excellent.The production is rich and wonderful with great sets, greatcinematography, great costumes. Is it perfect? No. I haven't seen one single film this year that is"perfect." I don't think that exists. At the end of the day (punintended), Les Miserables is all about the music, the characters, andthe emotions, and this film delivers. I expect many award nominationsfor this film.