I went into this film with high hopes since the cast has some verytalented actors, and then I remember it was a musical, and most ofthese people can't sing. "Phantom of the Opera" had a similar problemwith its lead performer; however the leading lady was superb, and thedirection quite spectacular, and it didn't hurt that the songs weregood. That's not the case with this big, horrible mess.In addition to being one of the most boring movies ever made, there isvery little to like beside some sets and costumes, and the fact thatHugh Jackman can hold a note for almost a minute. Other than that,Hathaway overacts, Crowe looks disturbed most of the film and appearsto be missing something. I can't even find words to describe theemotions I discovered with Helena and Sasha. They finally met theirmatch. For years, these two have survived a few cinematic bombs, butthis movie is the equivalent of the Black Plague... Very little is leftstanding.With a camera that seems to be on some type of epileptic seizure, avery truncated story line, and one of the most incredibly unappealingand forgettable song scores of the last hundred years, it's hard toenjoy something that calls itself a musical, but doesn't quite haveanything remotely close to a melody. For more than two hours, one hearssomething akin to the scratching of nails on a blackboard, and why doeseveryone wear so much rouge? A few years ago the director gathered someof the best British and Australian talent and won a Best Picture Oscarwith a very weak film. This type the trick doesn't work because thematerial and the direction are outstandingly weak.If the musical genre doesn't suffer a painful death after this, nothingwill be able to kill it. If Jackman's character got 19 years in jailfor stealing a loaf of bread, I can't even imagine what a judge wouldgive the producers and directors for creating this tuneless torture.Fantine was lucky to meet her maker in the first 20 minutes... We hadto endure 2.5 hours of this horrible experience.