To even attempt a movie version of the musical "Les Misérables" may bean act of insanity. There are few musical productions more beloved ormore memorized, and so the end result is either going to be success ora colossal failure. Seeing the finished product, it can be confidentlysaid that director Tom Hooper, brings together a full-bloodedproduction that is not shy. He pulls out all the stops, takes noprisoners and creates a big, lavish, garish, but always entertainingadaptation of a musical that leaves subtlety smoldering in the dust. Isit sad? Is it melancholy? Is it full of grimness and death? You bet,but hey, it's Les Misérables.The story, for the uninitiated, begins in 1815 on the day that JeanValjean (Hugh Jackman) is to be paroled after serving 19 years forstealing a loaf of bread. By law of the land, he is to be on parole forthe rest of his natural life. By law of the destiny, Valjean finds hisplace in the eyes of God after being shown kindness by a priest.Frustrated with the tyranny of his bondage, Valjean tears up his parolenotice and goes on the lam. He knows that the stone-hearted InspectorJavert (Russell Crowe) will never give up searching for him, but hedoesn't know that this defiant gesture will change the fate of bothmen.Years later, we catch up with Valjean who has taken the assumed nameMonsieur Madeleine and is running a factory that makes rosaries.Working in the factory is the sad-eyed Fantine (Anne Hathaway) who isworking to feed her illegitimate daughter. A mishap reveals her shameand she is thrown out in the street by the shop foreman. A whim ofdestiny keeps Valjean just out of earshot of what has happened to theyoung woman, who is eventually forced into prostitution. By an act ofkindness, Valjean finds himself adopting Fantine's daughter Cosette(played as a child by Isabelle Allen and as an adult by AmandaSeyfried). This will be the pattern of Valjean's life. Once the priestshows him kindness, it opens a door in his heart and he finds that thekindness that he shows to others comes back to him when he needs itmost. The pattern of the story is centered on two separate figures,Valjean who sees kindness as a balance to the natural order, and Javertwho is blinded by his devotion to duty. Their duality is seenappropriately against the backdrop of Paris'1832 June Rebellion inwhich angry citizens rise up against the French army.Of course, all the elements of the story are told through music ?non-stop music. Even the speech is a form of talk-singing and Hooperwas smart to cast well-known actors who can actually sing. Jackman, ofcourse, is a Tony Award winner for "The Boy from Oz" and imbues Valjeanwith a kind of good-heartedness that comes from within. Russell Croweis less schooled but has been in music since 1980. Amanda Seyfried asCosette has a bird-like lilt to her brief musical interludes. SashaBaron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter provide the much needed comicrelief as the greedy Monsieur and Madame Thénardier. Also, along theedges of the film, is an unforgettable performance by 22 year-oldSamantha Barks who has been in the stage production. She plays thesad-eyed Eponine, the Thénardier's daughter who gets caught up in therebellion.They are all wonderful, but no one can outclass Anne Hathaway who, withlimited screen time, brings to light the disparity of being a poorwoman in 19th century France. Cast out in the street for the crime ofhaving a child out of wedlock, she is forced to sell her hair beforebeing forced into prostitution. There, amid the squalid Hell, that isthe den of the hopeless and the wretched she emotes the power ofSchönberg's "I Dreamed a Dream"; of a life that now feeds her brokenpromises and poisoned dreams. For six unbroken, unforgettable minutes,Tom Hooper's camera holds steady on her withered face as she cries outfor the once-golden promise of a life that has crumbled . Hathaway hasalways been a good actress but here she reveals a depth and a rangethat are beyond anything we ever expected. It's a revelation.That moment is a showstopper, but the rest of the production neverslouches either. You walk in asking whether director Tom Hooper scoreda masterwork, or a sour note? The answer to that question may rest withyou. Your enjoyment may depend on your personal history with thisproduction. What can be confidently reported is that this is probablythe best adaptation of this musical that one could hope for outside ofa concert hall. It is rousing, beautifully mounted and wonderfullywell-acted production that entertains and does the job quite well.