Alex (Kate Winslet) is a news photographer who must leave her latestassignment in Idaho and return to Denver. Its her wedding day, afterall, day after today. But, a severe snowstorm has cancelled her flight.Also needing to fly to Denver is surgeon Ben (Idris Elba) as he isexpected for a serious operation the next day. Alex overhears Ben.Soon, she is hatching a plan of chartering a small plane and making itin time for their pressing concerns. Reluctantly, Ben agrees. The pilot(Beau Bridges) seems an affable guy who is unruffled about the weather.His dog, however, must go with them all. That's all right with Alex andBen. Up above the clouds, the pilot suddenly goes into distress, mostlikely a stroke. The plane crashes, killed the stricken man andseverely injuring Alex and Ben. Ben, who has cracked ribs and gashes,is awake; Alex is unconscious. So, with quick thinking, the Docfashions a shelter out of the remaining parts of the plane and praysfor Alex to wake up. She does, in pain. With a limited food supply ,they are literally at the top of the mountain, with scant hope forrescue. Their cell phones have no signal and none of their relativesknow what they have done. Before long, a mountain lion comes calling,which Alex shoots and kills with a flare gun. Poor creature, but hismeat sustains them for a few days. At this point, Alex insists they tryto climb down the mountain, to the treeline, and look for signs ofcivilization. But, oh, what a steep mountain it is! Will they trulymake it? Also, as each is a handsome person, will they acknowledge theattraction between them that is growing? This terrific film, my view,has a sensational, harrowing plot. Yes, there are "lucky" happenstancesthat aid the couple's trip down the mountain. So what? It could happenjust so. Then, Winslet and Elba carry much weight on their actingshoulders as almost every scene is them alone, with a cute canine. Theysucceed, beautifully, while the direction never flags. Finally, thescenery and cinematography are breathtaking, immersing the viewer inthe ordeal. As such, don't let anything come between you and getting tothe theater before it vanishes from the big screen.