The common wisdom is that a film is a Director's medium.  The Directorhas the final say in shot selection, tone, style and emotion tomanipulate the viewer to see - and feel - what the Director wants theaudience to see and feel.  When done well, it can be powerful indeed.  In THE MOUNTAIN BETWEEN US, Israeli Director Hany Abu-Assad, in hisfirst major US credit, gives us a fair-to-middlingsurvival/relationship story about 2 people trapped in the wildernessafter a plane crash.  In the first hour and 35 minutes of this film,Abu-Assad brings us a fairly well done, but not particularly inventive(in terms of style, pace and substance) character study of two peoplecoming together to survive a horrific incident in spite of overwhelmingodds.  And then...he blows it.The style, mood and (most curiously) the shot selections of this filmchange dramatically in the last 10 minutes, so jarringly so that Itotally lost track of the story and emotions of these characters andstarted looking - and wondering - about why he chose those cameraangles and this completely different style to end things with, completewith a "trick" at the end that just, plainly, didn't work.  It was asif Director Abu-Assad was looking to put himself up front in the end,rather than the film.Based on the novel by same name by Charles Martin (Chasing Fireflies),TMBU tells the story of two strangers - quiet, thoughtful and carefulNeurosurgeon Ben (Idris Elba) and fiery, impulsive and action-orientedPhotoJournalist Alex (Kate Winslet) -  who must come together tosurvive when the small plane they are flying in crashlands in a remote,snow covered mountain.  They must overcome their differences and relyon each other to survive.As I stated earlier, the first 95% of this film is "fine", mainly onthe strong acting of the two leads.  Winslet has the flashier role andit fits her like a glove.  She clearly knows and understands thischaracter and the audience is comfortable - and understands her - fromthe beginning.  Elba has the tougher role, since it is underwritten andhe must convey emotion and thought in a character that shows littleemotion.  I have never really been a big fan of Elba's work - he'salways been "good" but not "great" - but he was BY FAR the best thingin this film.  He must carry most of this film and if it wasn't for hisinteresting presence, this movie would have seemed intermidable, sincenot much - action wise - happens.So...as the movie was winding down, I was thinking "Okay, this isn'tgreat, but it's good enough and could entertain those who enjoyemotional, relationship dramas just fine."And then came the final 10 minutes.Based on what was going on in the story, I get why Director Abu-Assaddecided to change tone and style.  My issue is that this change wasn'tearned.  There wasn't any hint that this was there (and there wasplenty of opportunity to plant the seeds of this change throughout thefilm), so the switch is jarring and the "trick" ending had my emit anaudible "boo" to the screen at the end.Do you want a good, emotional relationship film starring Winslet? Check out ETERNAL SUNSHINE OF THE SPOTLESS MIND or even THE READER. You can skip this trip to the mountain.  Letter Grade C+ (based on the acting that tries to get this film torise up above mediocre writing and poor directing)5 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis)