When the end credits began to roll, I was given a fleeting look by thepeople sitting next to me in the cinema. They were probably checking tosee if I was still alive; such was my horror and, quite frankly,disbelief, I had not moved from the same position for at least an hour.A wide-opened mouth, bulging eyes and clenched fists on the armrests atmy sides. No, I was not enamoured with the movie. No, I did not findthe scenes of bondage shocking. I had simply lost the will to live. One might remember a famous novel by a famous author, '1984'. Until Iwalked out of that movie house, I didn't know what had spurned Orwell'smind in the creation of his dystopian society, but now I have a vagueidea. Orwell wasn't afraid of being stalked by the government - he wasterrified that future society would become the way it is today. I'm not referring to high-octane sexual fantasies, because we all haveour own desires and it's not my place to judge. No, what Orwellenvisaged, surely, is acting so terrible, movies so poorly made andproducers so incompetent, that the likes of Hitchcock and Bogart areprobably turning in their graves. With laughter. Fifty Shades of Grey is a mediocre work by a laughable author ofFanFiction, meaning that without the abysmal Twilight series, the TRULYabysmal movie that I have suffered through today could not haveexisted. Someone get me a DeLorean and a Flux Capacitor; it's time toright a few wrongs.There is only one sure-fire way to improve this catastrophe and thatis, quite literally, with fire. Burn it. Burn it all to ash and spreadthe cinders across the resting ground of Cthulhu. Without this worthysacrifice, surely the monster will rise up to wreak havoc upon usdeserving mortals. All in all, I have only one recommendation for the people who will,inevitably, be dragged (ironic term, given the movie) to thecinema/theatre to watch this complete abomination: therapy. Years andyears of therapy. But avoid the groups. Once you see Mr. Grey's'desires' for yourself, you'll probably be afraid to stand in the sameroom as another human being for, oh, several hundred millennia.And there's worse to come: rumours talk of a trilogy, to keep things upto speed with the 'books'. What's that sound? Oh, it's just thesplatter of the blood I'm currently weeping. I'm sure that'sunrelated...Right? Guys? Oh...