Fifty shades is an awful film no doubt, but it had to be made noquestion, and here is why. Purely from an economic standpoint Comcast,that owns Universal had no choice. How could they say to their shareholders that they passed on such a cash cow, allowing Warner, Fox orSony to rake in the profits that this movie is guaranteed to make. Theboard meeting probably went something like this."We have an option on this book 'Fifty Shades of Grey- Now this one ofthe worst books ever to be written, but bear with me here, because thisbook is selling like hotcakes to desperate housewives everywhere. It'sa no brainer we have to make this movie. The great thing is that wedon't even need to make a good movie, it only has to be almost as goodas the book, and since the book is so bad to begin with, that meansthat the bar is already set very low. We just can't fail. It's not Lord of Rings, the fan base isn't looking for great quality,if they were they wouldn't have bought the book in the first place, andthat means we don't need to spend much money developing the script.Neither do we need to waste money on any A list talent. Forget TomCruise, and Keira Knightly, just get a couple or relatively unknownactors, they don't even need to be that good as long as they canremember their lines. And we don't need to budget for a great directoreither. Let's face it we are not remaking Citizen Kane here, so keepSpielberg and Scorcese for another project. Heck, we don't even need topay out for someone like Ridley Scott and he'll pretty much do anythingthese days. No an unknown mediocre director will do, but make sure thatthe director is a woman as it will help to deflect any negative PR fromthose folks that think fifty shades glorifies domestic abuse and thelike.Now here is the best part. Here is how we can make a ton of money outof this steaming dung pile. There are two days in the year when eventhe most Jockiest of alpha male guys who normally only watch actionmovies will happily take their significant other to see a chick flick.One is on her birthday, and the other is Valentines day. Sincebirthdays fall every day of the year, then February 14th has to be therelease date. Oh and as luck would have it, Valentines day this year falls on aSaturday, so not only will all the male schmucks who think taking theirgirl to see this pic will get them laid later, all the single ladieswho don't want to be stuck inside on this evening will come out to seethis movie in droves with their girlfriends. Seriously guys, we've been handed a gift horse. Let's green light thisthing and make ourselves a huge pile of cash".