Before the review, I think I should address one important thing: I havenever read the book. That being said, you will not read any comparisonsor critiques of what was left out or what was done wrong in theadaptation. I went into this movie aware of the subject matter andjudged it just like any other movie. Consider this a fair review of"Fifty Shades of Grey".Honestly, I liked this movie. I know what you're thinking: "This guyjust likes seeing people have kinky sex on the big screen." No, Idon't. In fact, I think mainstream erotic films offer us more than justartsy porn; they can be a fascinating look into the human subconsciouslike "Eyes Wide Shut" and they can be pure garbage like "Caligula". Ihave come to learn that art is not safe whether it's in the horrorgenre, comedy or especially in the erotic subgenre. Strangely, I found"Fifty Shades of Grey" to be provocative of questions about love,compromise, and passion even if it borders on what most people wouldconsider bad taste.First off, what is the movie about? Basically it follows therelationship between an inhibited English student named AnastasiaSteele (played by Dakota Johnson) and a mysterious, young billionairenamed Christian Grey (played by Jamie Dornan). They meet for aninterview and begin building an infatuation for one another but Greykeeps insisting he does not want a romance with Ana. Instead he offersher the chance to partake in a BDSM relationship in which he is thedominant and she is the submissive. When I look back, the roles matchwell with their personalities.There is no real story I could find in this film; rather it's moreabout the characters. A lot of great movies focus on their charactersmore than plot; in this movie, it works out okay. Many of thesupporting characters are snubbed for the two main players as if to saythey are just there for the sake of some filler. Maybe if others foundout about Grey's lifestyle and he was caught in media frenzy, the filmwould have a substantial plot.I found Dakota Johnson to be incredibly dull in the first act butgradually she becomes more dynamic and confident as the filmprogressed. It feels intentional seeing how Ana starts off as a quiet,uninteresting woman only to morph into a more liberal persona. Dakota'scharacter has a lot of those "whomp-whomp-whomp-whooooomp" comedicmoments in the beginning which felt so forced and unnecessary to thetone. Jamie Dornan was decent as Christian Grey. Like his character, hefeels in control.The sex scenes are a lot tamer than I had anticipated going into thisflick. Like the rest of the movie, they are shot surprisingly crispand, might I add, nicely-paced.It sounds like a simple movie but it wasn't until I asked myself onesimple question that it all became interesting: Does Grey love Ana? Alot of Grey's actions I see points to yes unless it is part of a ployto secure a potential submissive. He claims to require a writtencontract before ever touching Ana but blows off this condition topassionately kiss her. And once they get to the contract, they discusstheir intimate limitations in an amusing, business-like setting. Anaobjects to certain practices which Grey seems to willingly extract fromtheir relationship kind of like a compromise in any other relationship.One of my favorite parts is when Ana confesses her virginity to Greyafter revealing his secret life. Even though he maintains he doesn'thave normal sexual relations in the bedroom, Grey breaks this code tobe with Ana. One might argue it is a selfish act to gain her trust soshe may serve as his victim; I see it as Grey finding an opportunity tobe with someone he could briefly connect with, someone untouched,someone he sees as good. In fact, at one point, he voices his concernof Ana changing his outlook on life and sounds scared of this prospect.Grey feels constrained by his past which shaped his present only tofeel the need to constrain others to his level, literally.Who knows? Maybe I'm overthinking too much. Some people might be turnedoff, some might get turned on, some might think little about it, andsome might find something special in "Fifty Shades of Grey". I onlyknow what I saw and felt.My Rating: 7/10