I felt I had to review this movie just to protest against all the hatefor it here...I don't understand all the hate for this movie. Peopleare making so many wrong and absurd claims about the content andintentions of this movie, I can only assume most people just don't getit at all. It does not glorify and promote domestic abuse againstwomen, it is not sexist, and does not contain rape. The sex in it wasconsensual, and it was made very clear over and over again that thefemale lead could choose to not go along with it and stop whenever shewanted. If people want to explore different forms of sexual practicesthan what they (and you, the viewer) are used to, who are you to saythat they can't do it, that it's wrong, and that it glorifies violenceor whatever other nonsense. The BDSM stuff in this was really tame incomparison to what most real life BDSM practitioners are into anyway.And no, on the other end of the spectrum, that does not mean the moviewas an insult to BDSM practitioners either. This isn't a porn movie.Now, this movie is about two people who are very different, and whohave very different desires and values for what is and isn't normal ina relationship, who are trying to make it work, and fail, because theycan't reach a middle-ground, understandingly enough. They arephysically attracted to each other, but that's it. They are toodifferent, so it's kind of obvious it's doomed to fail. The male lead,Grey, has a rather traumatic past, and has probably been shaped bythis, making him a control freak who is unable to open up, and giveinto romance and/or his real emotions, thinking he HAS to keep thefemale lead, Ana, at a distance, and that he HAS to be dominant ineverything for it to work, and that he can't enjoy it otherwise. Iguess you could say he has a bit of a psychological issue/condition.The plot/script was fine to me.Also, several people here are saying that the acting was bad, but Idon't agree. They are also saying the movie wasn't erotic, which Idisagree with even more. And as for the women in here who are sayingthings like that the actor playing Ana was "irritating, and there weretoo many close-up shots of her": You're probably either unable torecognize that Dakota Johnson does in fact have a beautiful body (shedoes), because you yourself are a woman (which I can't blame you for,it's pretty normal for both guys and girls to often have a hard timeseeing what it is the opposite sex finds attractive in people of thesame sex as them), or, you're just jealous, and letting that get thebetter of you. I hope it's the former.Finally, the music and the cinematography were both very good, in myopinion. This seems to be the only points the haters somewhat agreewith me on. In closing, I'd like to point out that one person here whodidn't like the movie said that the only people who can like this movieor the book are people who are psycho cult fans who live in theirparent's basements, and who wouldn't know good literature or a goodlove story even if it stared them in the face. I find this very funny,considering I am not only not a psycho cult fan, but also actually havea degree in English language and literature. I've even studied abroad,and am quite used to living by myself. So yeah.