Despite its unsavory sadomasochistic subject matter, this cinematicadaptation of author E.L. James' erotic bestseller "Fifty Shades ofGrey" qualifies as puritanical. I can say this because I managed to getthrough ten chapters of the book before I saw the Universal Picturesrelease. "Nowhere Boy" director Sam Taylor-Johnston and "Saving Mr.Banks" scenarist Kelly Marcel have sanitized James' novel and turned itinto an antiseptic, "Cinderella" fairy tale about an affluent PrinceCharming and a book-wormy English Lit major. Not that it matters,director Sam Taylor-Johnston is a woman rather than a man. Johnston andMarcel have forged a film that features simulated sex scenes withoutsteam and cardboard characters without souls. Mind you, "Fifty Shadesof Grey" isn't as abysmal as the amateurish "Addicted." Johnston stagesseveral sex scenes where actress Dakota Johnson bares only her breasts,while actor Jamie Dornan displays little more than his carefullysculpted abs and buttocks. Ladies hoping for a glimpse of malegenitalia are going to be sorely frustrated because "Fifty Shades" isR-rated rather than NC-17, like both "Shame" (2011) and "The Lover"(1992) where full frontal nudity was conspicuous. Comparativelyspeaking, little if anything risqué occurs until the concluding scene.You won't see anything like the candle dripping sex in the Madonnamovie "Body of Evidence" (1993); the kitchen sink sex between MichaelDouglas and Glenn Close in "Fatal Attraction," or the infamous "LastTango in Paris" where Marlon Brando improvised on Maria Schneider witha blob of butter. Subsequent adaptations of James' two novels may passup on the prudish approach after Universal studio executives haveanalyzed audience tolerance. Altogether, this soft-porn entry in thetrilogy shouldn't hoist anybody's eyebrows.Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnston of "The Five Year Engagement") is ashy, virginal, doe-eyed brunette who majors in English Lit atWashington State University and works at a hardware store. She sharesan apartment with her best friend, blond-haired Kate Kavanagh (EloiseMumford of "In the Blood"), who serves as the campus newspaper editor.As the action unfolds, woebegone, pajama-clad Kate is wrestling with acold. Kate persuades Anastasia to pinch hit for her on a newspaperassignment. She sends her out to interview bachelor billionaireChristian Grey (Jamie Dornan of "Marie Antoinette") who rules acolossal corporate empire. Basically, Christian is the Bruce Wayne ofhanky-spanky. An orphan who survived the death of his crack-addict mom,Christian has amassed a fortune, but he harbors a deep, dark secret.When she enters 'The House of Grey,' Anastasia knows little about him.Anxious about her assignment, Anastasia makes a klutz of herself whenshe enters Grey's office. No sooner has she crossed the threshold thanshe stumbles and crumples to her hands and knees. Realizing she hasn'tmade the best impression, Anastasia recovers her confidence and beginsthe interview. Initially, Christian adopts an icy attitude toward her,but he thaws out once they start talking. Christian finds the wayAnastasia chews her lip so irresistible that he cancels his nextappointment. Some of Kate's questions shock Anastasia, particularlywhen she quizzes the tycoon about his sexual orientation. A life-longbachelor who has never been photographed in public with a woman,Christian explains that he has little use for conventional romanceswith hearts and flowers. A relieved Anastasia leaves Christian behindin his phallic monolith of a building and cruises home. As it turnsout, Anastasia is just as captivated with Christian as the latter iswith her. Later, they go on a date, and eventually he deflowers her. Hewants Anastasia to join him in a sexual liaison as a 'submissive' tohis 'dominant.' Christian and she negotiate terms of a contract. Forexample, the open-minded Anastasia has no problems with being tied upand titillated with a peacock feather, but she draws the line atvaginal fisting and genital clamps. Meantime, Christian does everythinghe can to corrupt Anastasia, buying her a Mac notebook and replacingher classic Volkswagen Beetle with a shiny red Audi. Ultimately,Christian convinces our heroine to let him show her how bondage can beenjoyable. Nevertheless, Anastasia isn't as gullible as she seems. Atfade-out, she gains the upper hand in their bizarre relationship.The casting in "Fifty Shades of Grey" creates half of the problem.Dakota Johnson makes an ideal Anastasia. She gives a believableperformance as a naïve college student who has just graduated andtreasures the kind classic 19th century British fiction that ThomasHardy wrote. The Austin, Texas, born actress seems wholly comfortablewith her casual nudity, and it is interesting to note that "MiamiVice's" Don Johnson is her dad and Melanie Griffith of "Something Wild"is her mom. She isn't as goofy as her literary counterpart. Sadly,lean, handsome Jamie Dornan doesn't cut the mustard. He doesn't behavelike a ruthless cutthroat who owns a billion dollar corporation, andhis performance is considerably less spontaneous. Although he wears hisapparel well and delivers his dialogue with crisp precision, Dornanlooks more like a callow amateur. In all fairness to Dornan, heimpersonates a character that doesn't seem remotely believable, and hislack of personality underlines his lightweight performance. The otherbig problem is the film seems as impersonal as a bargain basementtorture rack. Basically, Johnston and Marcel have designed it as abondage primer that cautiously advances from one elaborate interlude toanother without drumming up any melodrama. Primarily, the filmmakersrely more on winks rather than winces as our heroine navigates the direstraits of Christian's sexual calisthenics. Keep in mind, Anastasiadoesn't say no until she knows better. Gradually, Christian peels backthe layers of his paranoia, revealing himself as an onion thatinitiates our heroine's tears and fears. When director Sam Johnstonshifts the focus from the game of sexual chess between Anastasia andChristian, the film sacrifices suspense. Undeniably, "Fifty Shades ofGrey" will keep your eyes wide open, but it dwells more on teaseinstead of sleaze.