I am disappointed that so many people seem to have missed the pointwith this film. Some of the reviews I've read might as well say,there's not enough action in it - it's not an action film! In the sameway, stop judging it on what you expected it to be. I have read allthree books, and now I have watched the first film of the Fifty ShadesTrilogy. It would appear that my opinion differs greatly to others onthis franchise. Firstly the film - I was wary after reading so manynegative reviews, however I was curious after reading the books, so myhusband and I went along. I was pleasantly surprised when he said heactually enjoyed it. It would seem that many of the negative reviews ofthis film are based on its lack of sexual content, to which I woulddisagree. In the book the sex scenes got repetitive and a little dullafter a while. "Their eyes met and it wasn't long before they were in apassionate embrace...." Oh, and everyone has climaxed. Hmm... I agreedwith some of the book reviews about how astounding it was thatAnastasia went from virgin to sex goddess in 3 pages. However, thisannoyance was removed in the film and what you saw was a passionateencounter between two people. I was also pleased to discover that theyhad completely omitted the inner goddess. That was also one of the bigannoyances of the book. I felt that the film was a good replication ofthe book, and it managed to follow the story line well, without missingout any 'key' details. There were particular cringe worthy scenes thatwere removed, but I really don't feel this impeded the flow of thestory. There have been comments about the flow of the dialogue in thefilm; however I think this helped capture the relationship betweenChristian and Anastasia. They had a few brief encounters and then theywere having sex, this isn't the makings of a long term comfortablerelationship. She's young and has a lot to learn, so of course it'sgoing to be awkward.I found the books very easy to read. I read one of them in a week.There are no complex words that weigh down the mind, but the writingstyle is a little juvenile. That being said, I did enjoy the story.This is not your average love story, but I think it does hit on someelements that do feature in every day relationships. Some of theinteractions between the characters are relatable, but people seem toforget why Christian is how he is. His troubled past gets overlooked,but it is the reason why he has such a skewed perception onrelationships.I found the domestic abuse claims quite shocking. I do wonder if thesepeople have actually read the book or watched the film. I've heardpeople say that this is going to set women back centuries! What utternonsense. At the end of the film, Anastasia asks Christian to show herwhat it's really like. The results shock her, but she stands up forherself! When he approaches her, she says no. She was trying to make adecision on whether to go through with this or not, and that helped hermake her decision. The entire encounter was consensual, which is thewhole point of a dom/sub relationship. I've often heard people say that in those types of relationships thesub is actually the one in control. They choose to relinquish controlto the dom, and they can take that back at any time.I've also heard comments that the book/film puts BDSM in a bad light.The interactions in the book/film are an extreme view of this type ofrelationship. This is all Christian has ever known, and as he saidhimself, he doesn't do hearts and flowers. It is my understanding thatcouple who practise BDSM actually have very healthy 'normal'relationships. They sleep in the same bed, and lead normal lives,however for a portion of their day, they assume roles in the form ofdom/sub, and they both enjoy partaking in the activities. The events in the film are not a true depiction of a dom/subrelationship. It's one step further. However, Anastasia's strength anddetermination seems to be trying to bring it back into the healthyrealms. Just because this type of relationship isn't your type ofthing, doesn't make it wrong. So I may be the only positive review on this film, but I stand by myopinions. It's a good film - it's not porn and it's not domestic abuse.It's a troubled love story. And, the cliff hanger ended has opened itself up to a compulsorysequel. See you in 2016.