I wouldn't consider myself the target audience for these romanticdramas. In fact, I'm usually turned off by the overabundance of forcedclichés and unnecessary plot devices. While Me Before You definitelyfalls victim to some of those unfortunate young adult tropes, there'sfar more charm than harm here. The film stars Emilia Clarke (Lou) and Sam Claflin (Will) from Game ofThrones and The Hunger Games respectively. I've enjoyed both of theirworks in the past and they both make the most of the script that wasgiven to them. Their budding charisma on screen is by far the highlightof the film. It's nice to see Clarke take on a lighter and moreexuberant role than she has played in the past as it mirrors heroff-screen personality as well. Clarke's likability as Lou is put a test as she has to deal with thestern and far less cheerful, Will, who became paralyzed after amotorcycle accident. If you didn't guess it already, yes they do growto live with each other's quirks and inconveniences and maybe evenshare some affection for each other. It's pretty much the basis for allof these romantic novels adapted for film, but if you're film hasenough likable qualities to it, the overused plot points and clichéscan be forgiven.The main qualm for these characters are Will's questionable wishesabout his future living as a quadriplegic and Lou's inability tofulfill her potential and aspirations due to her commitment as thebreadwinner for her family. The way Lou effortlessly deals with theseissues is what makes her so likable. It's also why you root for her andWill to become romantically involved as the film gives us compellingenough reasons to desire it. With that said, I was pleasantly surprisedwith how the romance is depicted. Everything is earned and not forced.I think my only real complaints with the film involve its tendency toveer into clichéd territory. I'm not a fan of when romantic films playpopular songs that tell you exactly how to feel as an audience member.Or when a certain character is written specifically to give us someoneto dislike and is used a plot device more than anything else. On morethan one occasion, Me Before You does that. But it's when the filmattempts to take an original and realistic spin on the romance that thefilm really shines. It's because of the ladder that I think Me BeforeYou is definitely worth a look.+Clarke's undeniable likability+Charm and chemistry with the Lou and Will dynamic+Romance is earned not forced-Popular songs tend to ruin the big moments-A few clichéd characters and plot devices7.4/10