when I found this trailer months back I fell in love with it straightaway, I love how everything in the film fell in to place Louisa is afunny and loving girl that just wants to have make people smile careabout everyone. will is your typical man, love to travel and is bloodyhot! after will having a accident his mum decides to hire Louisa afterlosing her job and had some bad times in other jobs. after his accidentwill become very cold and angry at the world for making him how he isnow. but Louisa comes along and changes him VERY slowly! Louisa findssome information out and wants to make will excited about life againand so then she plans lots of different trips and days out for himfinally get out of his house. The film goes on and this is when yourtissue become handy, the 2 fall in love and Louisa doesn't know what todo because months back she found out that will promised his parents 6months and then wanted to end his life to end the pain. the film reallyshows that if you meet the right person time doesn't matter and sexreally mean anything to a relationship if you love that person so much.Louisa thought by doing all the trips and days out she would change hismind but she didn't however he said he would go on one last trip andreally have the time with her the last couple of weeks.the film goes onand gets even more emotional when Louisa gets really upset on therelast trip because will wont change his mind and after they land sheleave straight away. she finally take will decision and goes to seewill at the clinic in Switzerland and spends his last couple hourstogether with his parents. the film ends with Louisa in Paris wherewill told her that this was his favourite place in the world with willover the top reading the letter he wrote for her....I really do love this film and shows so much that I didn't know abouthow life is in will shoes and how people that have the same struggleslive. the actors were perfect for the film and played the characters soso well! I would totally say to anyone to see this film but take yourtissue because you'll need them!!!