"Me Before You" is a bit of a queer fish of a movie. It never quitedecides whether it wants to be a romantic weepy, a drama, or a rom- comand as such ends up rather falling between all three stools.Emelia Clarke ("Game of Thrones", "Terminator: Genesys") plays LouClark, an 'invisible' plain girl "with potential" who is trapped ? dueto unemployment-led poverty - living with her parents in a provincialcastle town (a picturesque Pembroke, though notably hardly a Welshaccent in earshot). Her boyfriend Patrick ("Harry Potter"'s MatthewLewis) is a running nut that doesn't play to her romantic needs in anyway. Circumstances lead her into the job of a carer for a quadriplegic,Will Traynor (Sam Claflin, from "The Hunger Games" sequels) who alsohappens to be the son of the local millionaire couple (played byCharles Dance and Janet McTeer). They own the castle, a large mansionand most of the surrounding countryside too.Will ? previously a sports jock - is paralyzed from the neck down afteran accident and is a frustrated and suicidal mind in a useless body.Can the quirky and vivacious Lou bring him out of his morbid shell andfind him a life worth living again?From this outline, you might think the story almost writes itself, andfor most of the film it does. But the writers have a number of twistsand turns in store which ? depending on your sentiments ? mightentertain or appall.As her first leading actress role in a non-action feature it's a bitdifficult to sum up Emilia Clarke's performance. At face value it couldbe described as an advanced case of over-acting, with an extensivearray of kooky looks and gurning facial expressions. On the other hand,she does it all with such vivacity and charm - and notably in a mannerso in keeping with the character she portrays - that it is hard not tobe enchanted by her: I certainly was.Claflin plays the brooding and resentful Traynor well and Matthew Lewisshows he is growing into a really professional jobbing actor as heenters his mid-20's.Also radiant (she always is? sorry to break it to the wife like this...but I am basically in love with her!!) is the ever-gorgeous JennaColeman ("Dr Who", "Victoria") in what is to date a rare outing for heronto the big screen (she previously has only had a small role in thefirst "Captain America" film). Coleman and Clarke make a very crediblepair of sisters, with the "bed" discussion scene being very touching.Elsewhere a number of other well-known faces crop up including BrendanCoyle ("Downton Abbey") as Lou's father and Joanna Lumley as a weddingguest with a handy line in references.The soundtrack by Craig ("Love Actually") Armstrong is top notch withpleasing songs from Ed Sheeran, Imagine Dragons, Cloves and We TheKings.The production quality is as professional as you would expect from aBritish-made movie, although the Mallorca and Paris locations are notparticularly well exploited, since for a large chunk of these scenes Iwas convinced they hadn't left Pinewood!So, a bit of a mixed bag, but enjoyable nonetheless. A guilty pleasure.If you like a romantic piece of escapism this is one for a wet Sundayafternoon, provided you have a box of tissues handy. (For the graphical version of this review, or to comment on it, pleasevisit bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks!)