I tired to watch this movie I really did. But I quickly realized thatEmilia Clarke CAN'T ACT. And made the movie unwatchable.What I do with movies is skip through them a bit just to get a feel ofwhat the movie is like. Too many movies I sit through about 10 mins andI feel like 'I wasted 10 min of my life I will never get back!' NEVERAGAIN! So I skip and within a few minutes can tell if I should evenBOTHER watching the whole movie. I did this with this one and saw therewas nothing worth watching. Just a pile of dung really.So basically, as most people can tell by the current state of cinema,that it's not really the movie that is important, it's what is behindthe scenes. Like take the recent Suicide Squad. Hyped as all get out.And it turned out to be a dud. I have not seen it yet, but I am notshocked. The REASON that movie was made was to cash in on thepopularity of superhero movies. Avengers, Justice League,Bat/Super/Spider man, etc.Now to the reason this movie was made: THIS movie is a VEHICLE to tryand launch the career of these two actors. Emilia Clarke and SamClaflin. Emilia Clarke is famous for the same reason Sasha Grey is, toput it lightly. Emilia Clarke appeared totally naked in the basicallysoft core p0rn TV show + gore that is "Game of Thrones". That is allreally. The only reason she is in this movie is to make her look like a'serious/real actress'. Nope, sorry girl, you are just a piece of meat,you wont fool me. And Sam Claflin, sorry, you can act, but you justcan't carry a movie. You will ALWAYS be ONLY a SUPPORTING actor. Sorry.I thought we learned that lesson in the failure that was "Love, Rosie"(2014). Lily Collins ALSO can't carry a movie. WHY are we making thesame mistake in THIS movie????It was painful watching Emilia Clarke try to break her type casting asthe 'hot girl' playing a 'nerdy girl'. REALLY? Painful to watch justpainful. She can't act, and the movie is just trash. The story as well.I mean it's like insult to injury. Imagine a sick old hobo just lostcontrol over his bowels and bladder, in a dumpster where he was diggingfor food, and you throw a dead body on top, vomit, throw some dirtydiapers in there, and top it all off with medical waste. That is a goodway to describe this movie. From bad to worse. 1. Bad actress 2. Noleading man 3. Bad plot 4. bad .......well you get the point.Good movies are just good movies, there should be no ulterior motives.Just make a movie. I don't even know what I fu(&!ng expected from thismovie it was so bad. A nice little rom com at least. Nope just a pileof tripe. STOP making movies for reasons other than making a goodmovie!(p.s. her eyebrows were Emma Watson level bad)