So what does the phrase "Me Before You" mean? Does it mean I will beunselfish and put myself and my wishes before yours? Not from thecontext of this film.For most of this movie I tended to be with it. It was refreshing to seeEmilia Clarke as a vulnerable emotional goofball. And then came thepoint of decision. And she pours her heart out to him, revealing thedepth of her feeling for him. And yet he resolutely chooses death. Andthen after what seems like it might have been a chance to ruminate overthe meaning of life she is convinced very easily that the most lovingthing is to be by his side at his chosen end. And he dies. Plot spoiledbut you really should know this now before you see it. And she getsscads of money to follow her heart and and a goodbye note telling herto forget about him. Fat chance. At the point of decision I thought tomyself if he chooses life even with his pain this would be a prettygood romantic movie. But then I thought if this story takes the roadchosen by the obvious media proclivities of the 21st Century he'llchoose to die, but he'll give her money. Sure enough.And the moral to the story is this. Each person lives alone. Love isfigment of the moment. Nobody changes their minds and to try to do sowould be morally wrong. What is most important is to follow yourdreams. Any serious lessening of the ability to do that would be tolive so poorly that only death is a cure. So he can no longer followhis dreams, and though his existence clearly helps and changes her lifefor the good, that is NOT good enough reason to live with serious pain.And since she gets to follow her dreams everything is ultimately forthe best.What utter bullshit. It is really time to start questioning theassumption that the meaning of life is to follow one's dreams,especially since it is clear that this is the fondest wish of thecommercial establishment upon us. It is only the illusion of choice."Me Before You" now seems to mean I'm before you in line and you aren'tcutting in. It becomes the complete statement of selfishness.