So you can tell I'm not a fan of this film just by my title and score.The movie itself is okay at best. Emilia Clarke does a well enough jobwith the role because the character she is playing is pretty much whoshe is in real life; in other words, this role didn't require Emiliaacting much and that is a good thing because people are slowly figuringout that she has a very limited range when it comes to acting. Towardsthe end of the movie is when her limited acting range becomes apparentthanks to the crying scenes, most of the scenes she does with tearlesscrying which help to take you out of the movie. Don't get me wrong, heracting isn't bad until the end when she is forced to show anotheremotion other than bubbly. I should note the director does an excellentjob of hiding a good amount of Emilia's emotional scenes by having herhug someone and then showing mostly the other person's face. I canwrite a whole book on Emilia's overrated acting chops but I'm not hereto do that so let me carry on with this review. If it wasn't for theending, where we finally learn the real message of the film I wouldhave ranked the film about a 6 out of 10. But halfway into the film welearn the quadriplegic character made a deal with his parents that hewill end his life after 6 months. During the film we learn this guy issmart and etc, etc. Someone even points out that he could go back towork if he wanted to but this guy is hell bent on killing himself forthe simple reason of which happens to be that he misses his old life sohe is giving up on this life. And apparently that is a good enoughreason to let the man kill himself. Great message to put out there intothe world. We recently lost Muhammad Ali. We all know about MuhammadAli's condition and we all saw the impact he had on the world bothbefore and in spite of his condition. He fought until the bitter endand became more of a legend because of it. This movie encourages peopleto take the easy way out. Now, I can understand how depression can playa role in all of this but this character is a pretty boy with a sh!tload of money.. and on top of that he found the love of his life andshe is more than ready to be with him forever. But his reasoning isthat he would only be a burden on her living her life. So yeah, thismovie pretty much matches the materialistic and self- absorbed natureof what these modern times have transformed into. Whatever, the movieis a chick flick at best so I don't care. Apparently suicide isn'tfrowned upon when a quadriplegic is concerned. Moral of the story, youhave nothing to contribute to society once you become paralyzed. Maybethis movie was funded by the government as a way of reducing the costof people with disabilities on healthcare. Euthanasia for the win!Frankly, a disgusting message and an even more disgusting movie.