Beauty and the Beast is about a deposed slave-owning aristocrat whoimprisons a farm girl. She undergoes Stockholm Syndrome, identifyingwith her captor, then proceeds to betray her village's uprising andreinstates the slave-owning prince to power by offering her hand inmarriage.Furthermore, Belle's contempt for the provincial farming community andtheir lack of refinement stems from vague memories she has of a morecultured upbringing in Paris. When she later is shown a vision of herchildhood house and remarks "it's so small," this was a moment whereshe could put it all together. The lack of refinement in the rural areas was due to brutalexploitation which forced unmarried women to beg in the streets. It islikely that the community's surplus resources were taken by aristocratslike the Beast, and used to fund his opulent palace. Thus, deprivingthe farming community of leisure time and resources for education andarts, which would have made them more sophisticated, meeting Belle'sapproval.It is also possible that Gaston's intense desire to marry, which causedhis nefarious plot, may be linked to levée en masse, a policy thatrequired conscription for all unmarried French men between 18 and 25.So his patriarchal demands were a direct result of state policy tobenefit the aristocracy by providing soldiers to sacrifice their livesin land disputes between inbred blue blood cousins.Then, this exploitation provided a concentration of wealth and power inthe city, which created the market for her father to pursue creativeemployment rather than farm work. This also forced them into slums,where squalor and poor public health systems lead to the spread ofplague, which is met with cold indifference by the doctor, indicatinglack of public health care as a source of Belle's childhood trauma. All of this exploitation and upward wealth transfer made its way backto the remote plantation of the Beast.When confronted with this inescapable logic, what does she do? Shedecides to take the easy way out and enjoy the life of luxury, waitedhand and foot by Beast's slaves, who feed her, clothe her, sing anddance for her. A life she always felt entitled to, on part of herfeeling of superiority towards her provincial neighbors.The moral of the story is, marry for money, and ignore the suffering ofthe poor. A terrible message for children.