MAY CONTAIN SPOILERSI don't usually do reviews but this film was such a huge disappointmentI couldn't fight it anymore. The original movie was so good and,considering this is the exact same movie, there was really not muchthat could go wrong. In theory of course, because in reality the finalresult is just soulless. Everything feels fake. From Emma Watson'sacting to the cgi and the props. I love Emma Watson but in this filmshe is just playing herself trying to play Belle. To be fair though, noone in the film actually manages to instill the characters with thesame emotion and personality as the original except maybe Josh Gad.Luke Evans is very good but his character is written as a villain fromthe start, while in the original he evolves from slightly annoying to"evil". Which brings me to my next point: the awful writing. The filmtreats the audience like we're stupid and needs to explain everythingverbally instead of just letting things show through the action. Thecharacters are one dimensional and don't change as the story unfolds.Gaston is the villain. The Beast is just a misunderstood soul from thebeginning despite the prologue telling us otherwise. Even his badtemper is watered down. The writers had already the script written forthem, all they had to do was add a few more lines here and there andcreate two or three scenes that would blend in seamlessly with theoriginal (since, I repeat, they chose to use almost word for word the1991 script with minor changes). Well, the new dialogue feels verywooden and unnatural. The new scenes add nothing to the story and, eventhough the creators try to answer some questions we have from theoriginal, in the end they create new plot holes that go unanswered. Imiss the subtlety of the 1991 film in which every expression, everyline and every pause added something either to the progression of thestory or the characterization of the heroes without anything feelingforced. I keep mentioning the original a lot but that is because thismovie has nothing new to offer really, so I can't fully separate itfrom the 1991 one. In the end, what annoys me the most is that the 2017remake had great potential to become a new classic and stand on its ownhad it been handled a little differently and not with a rushed "let'smake some good money" mentality. There are very few good things aboutthis movie, one of which is the music which is simply magical andmanages to convey all the emotions the actors can't. Then there is theending (after the transformation) where there is a more realistic touchas the villagers remember their friends-relatives that work at thecastle and are finally reunited. Overall, despite the enormous hype,the movie just makes the original stand out even more as a timelessfilm that won't be surpassed by another adaptation any time soon.