Now for those who want to take an over extended facile metaphor andglorify it as art, then this might be for you. I would suggest you goand see the original metaphor of Duchamp's urinal; indeed this film iswhat you put in aforementioned cultural artefact.Indeed any cultural import this digital decadence may tenuously have isthat it itself is symptomatic of a nihilistic post-modern anomie, thelost world of the religiosity of the self, where just because you haveidea everyone must be burdened by it. In the words of chairman Mao"just because you break wind, doesn't mean I have to sniff it"This facile confused dystopian narrative can only be compared to someover-indulgent self-absorbed up its own solipsistic end of year ArtShow; if Tracy Emmmin made movies even she wouldn't make this. Wellmaybe?Be warned even watching a Benny Cumberbatch period drama wont clear outthe detritus of this movie from your psyche as your fatigued mind triesto piece this nonsense together for the "cult" director. In fact I'drather join a cult and deal with that psychological fall-out than thetrite banalities I was subjected to in the dark by this nonsense. Even the sound track on its own drives you to distraction and in alllikelihood to a migraine. The violence of the film is random andbrutal; which was ironic as I chose it instead of going to the latestBond romp because I was not in the mood for stylised violence. Believeme that was the only irony I experienced during this filmI confess the only reasons I stuck it out was that I am a tight fistedScotsman who will get his money's worth, even if that is just sittingin a warm cinema; that it was an art house cinema and I figured thatsometimes you have to suffer for that kind of indulgence and lastly Ihad a forlorn hope that there might be a disclaimer at the endapologising for the waste of my life and high jacking my psyche andthat I might be able to claim some kind of refund on the grounds ofdiminished responsibility in the face of directorial indulgence, atleast that would have been the decent thing, cause I sure as hell wouldnot have done this to him.My worry though dear reader is, you read this review and it mightencourage the curious to go see. That is what the so-called premise ofthe film did to me; believe me it doesn't even hold it own.If you have to see this movie then treat it like you are going to see abrutal car accident in slow motion that will require to be enacted inyour head accompanied by a relentless jarring sound track forever!Or you can save yourself the sheer monotonous pain and let me take thebullet for you. On a lighter note the film is so bad that the ridiculous stultifyingdialogue and direction actually make Colin Farrell look like he isactually acting, so good type casting there!Now if you think I have been indulgent you haven't seen this, whateverthis is?