"The Lobster" has a stellar cast of talented actors and a refreshinglack of jiggly-cam shots. The shots are carefully composed, even whenthere isn't much of interest on the screen. Some reviewers consider the film a brilliant absurdist parody. I do notshare their enthusiasm. Guy Lodge at Variety loved the film and gave ita glowing review. I'm sure he knows a lot more about the theory of filmthan I do. I'm just a guy who doesn't know much about Dramatica theoryor monomyths, but I know what I like. I found the film slow paced, tedious, overly long, hopelesslycontrived, vapid, self-indulgent and decidedly not funny, amusing,compelling or thought-provoking. The characters are so aggressivelyuninteresting to each other and to the audience, so apathetic and sodisinclined to any sort of sexual pursuit beyond masturbation, that oneis amazed the society doesn't simply die out and by the end of thefilm, one wishes the characters would hurry up and do so. The filmmakers seem to have the notion that if they simply multiplyeverything by negative one, reverse polarities and turn everythingblack to white and vice versa, that they will have a cohesive dystopiansociety. What we get instead is a group of characters without motives. They have motives in close-up in their daily decisions, which usuallydefault to doing nothing differently from the day before. David has acohesive rationale for wanting to become a lobster if he doesn't find asoul mate, but seems disinclined to apply those same motives to hislife as a human. But nothing makes sense in the grander scheme. In dystopian films,usually the dysfunctional society is thrust upon the citizens throughwar, famine, pestilence, invasive vampires or some other externalforce. Often it is a consequence of a totalitarian government run amok,as in "Fahrenheit 451," "1984" or "The Hunger Games." But thegovernment has some sort of rationale for what they do, which usuallyinvolves perpetuating their rule. In "Bananas," when Woody Allen'scharacter assumed power in San Marcos and declared that henceforth thenational language of the Latin American nation would be Swedish, it wasabsurd in a funny way. Here, the absurdity is created for the sake ofabsurdity and seems contrived. If one take the time to deconstruct the film, as Lodge did, and wonderwhy the characters are so obsessed with finding partners who share someinconsequential physical flaw and decide that the filmmakers areparodying our tendency to seek out and identify with people who sharesome inconsequential interest, ability or flaw, and if you agree withthe filmmakers that this is one of our defining traits, it may seembrilliantly insightful. But audience members who don't happen to sharethe filmmakers' cynical insights may be less enthused. In "Defiance," a group of Jews found refuge in the forest and soonbuilt an elaborate, if rustic, habitation. Here a group takes refuge inthe woods and never builds anything beyond digging their own graves.The actions of the ophthalmologic surgeon in contravention of theHippocratic Oath are incomprehensible. One character is described ashaving absolutely no feelings, but demonstrates suspicion, anger, rageand self-congratulation. The manner in which close friends affirmed,repudiated or betrayed their friendships had little rhyme, reason orconsistency. The plot device of changing people into animals is taken quiteseriously by the characters. Apparently it is such a simple procedurethat anybody can do it, even without training and even out in theforest without any laboratory equipment. And yet we never see it. Ifully expected it to be either a big lie, as in "Logan's Run," or ahideous reality, as in "Tusk." Instead, it was frequently referenced,but never really brought into play. In the end, I'm not at all certain what the filmmakers wanted to say.Given a group of unbelievable and largely unsympathetic charactersexisting in an unbelievable dystopian society who engage in actionswithout any credible motives, it's not clear what lesson we areexpected to learn about our own lives. The film offers a few cringe-worthy moments, but no laughs and nobrilliant insights into human nature, society or courtship. It featuresa cast of talented, versatile and wonderfully expressive actors doingtheir best to display no emotion.