Quite the duplicitous plot! Robert Zemeckis' Allied released byParamount Pictures is a thrilling tale of espionage and love. We havecertainly seen a few different "spy" movies over the last couple ofyears; some more about espionage and others more about the drama thatensues afterwards. Fortunately, Allied feels like a genuine spy moviethat actually contains espionage. The production design and costumesare a beautiful throwback to the fabulous 40s. You'll find yourselfreaching for a glass of champagne and swing dancing to Benny Goodman'stimeless big band jazz hit Sing, Sing, Sing. There is one citysynonymous with WWII, espionage, and romance and you will appropriatelyreturn to that iconic city of Casablanca in Allied. This is definitelynot a reimagined Casablanca but there are indirect references to thatmovie sprinkled throughout this new story. Films like this one requiretop notch talent, and both Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard deliveroutstanding performances to accompany this staple in film genres. Notlimited to the love story between Pitt's and Cotillard's respectivecharacters, the movie also includes some deadly shootout scenes anddangerously close encounters with the Nazis behind enemy lines.Commander and intelligence officer Max Vatan (Pitt) is stationed in thefamous city of Casablanca in French Morocco where he teams up withFrench resistance movement leader Marianne Beausejour (Cotillard).Impressed by her ability to so effectively blend in and create herauthentic cover, Vatan soon finds himself falling in love with hispartner. Following the assassination of a Nazi ambassador, Beausejourand Vatan flee to London to start their life together. Everything isgoing beautifully for the happy couple in their second year of marriagewith a child when Vatan's superiors confront him with the suspicionthat Marianne is in fact a Nazi spy. Refusing to believe it to be true,Max must now conduct his own investigation into his wife's history toprotect the ones he loves so dearly.I absolutely adored the look and feel of the film as it echoes the eraof the Golden Age of Hollywood. Although this movie plays off a tadlistless as a result of failing to elicit a strong emotional responsefrom the audience, it is not without it outstanding elements. Itbenefits from solid acting and beautiful cinematography as well as somefantastic symbolism. Robert Zemeckis' talent for visual storytelling isclearly visible in this period film. The weakness in the ability tosuccessfully leave a lasting emotional impact on the audience is in thewriting and executive producership of Steven Knight (Eastern Promises).For films that are not as much about the spectacle as they are thedrama between characters and the challenge faced therein, it is vitallyimportant that the personal/interpersonal relationships transcend thescreen and directly impact the audience. All the makings were there fora deeply moving cinematic story, but it just doesn't quite make thattransition from the mostly superficial and distant.Mirror, mirror, on the wall...(interesting fun fact: this misquotedline from Snow White is actually "magic mirror on the wall"). But, Idigress. The strategic use of mirrors is an incredible use of visualstorytelling and symbolism. For those who have studied film or literaryrhetoric, the mirror is a classic means of conveying duplicity (twosides, faces, etc of a character). Even without knowing that this was aspy movie, I would have been able to infer that from how the mirrorsare shot and placed within the composition of the 24 frames a second.When using powerful symbolism as part of the visual story, it conveysso much more meaning in a scene than words could actually describe.Mirrors have long sense been a powerful metaphor even before movingpictures. But motion pictures allow for a greater use of the importanceit plays in a cinematic story. Not limited to duplicity, mirrors canalso be used as a metaphor for self-reflection. Whether talkingduplicity or reflection, the mirror aids in conveying so much to theaudience in this movie.Ordinarily, I am not a fan of classic films getting remakes; however,there are always exceptions when the core or essence of the film isheld in tact but the production design, direction, and cinematographyare brought up to speed with contemporary cinema. If you're a fan ofWWII era films or the timeless spy movie, then you will definitelyenjoy Allied. After witnessing the significance of Casablanca in thismovie, I am actually looking forward to a remake if there ever is one.Provided. That the overall look and feel of the movie is in line withclassical motion picture storytelling. I could definitely see RobertZemeckis directing a remake of Casablanca. Occasionally there aredirectors who can strike the balance between classical cinematicstorytelling told through contemporary technology, and Zemeckisdefinitely struck that balance in Allied.Don't allow the weak writing to dissuade you from watching it; there isactually a lot to enjoy in this film. After the slow burn during thefirst act, acts II and III are full of intrigue and suspense.