What an enjoyable WW2 movie. The tone and content of this movie is aright step in the direction of having the story and characters at theforefront in a Hitchcock way vs the violence of battle. There have beenenough gut wrenching war movies concentrating on big battles and closeups on injuries so this is a refreshing change of perspective. Someaction type WW2 movies have been getting ridiculous in recent years. Infact some of the best and most tense WW2 movies made in the 50s and 60swere spy movies that didn't feature too much fighting.The story is suspenseful enough in it's own way. The 2 leadscollaborate on a mission to kill a German diplomat in Casablanca. Bythe way they do look pretty glamorously fitted out. Then they fall inlove, marry in London and start a family but she comes under suspicionfor being a German spy. There are a couple of fight scenes for thosehungry for that in a war movie but it's the relationship of the couplethat is the crux of the movie. The production values are good with apurposely slightly artificially clean look. Although it has the colorpalate, costumes and look of an older Hollywood Golden Age WW2 movie itisn't old exactly fashioned.A couple of slightly ludicrous plot points don't spoil the story toomuch. Like his totally whipped flight to Dieppe to ask the drunkard.Why didn't the people vetting her show her photo to witnesses who knewher like he was doing? There are some memorable scenes as well. Thelove scene in the desert storm, the birth in middle of the Blitz, areall quite unique in case you think you have scene it all. The endingwasn't too much of a surprise but it's good there wasn't some sillytwist. A bit more explanation by her would have helped at the end.Brad is alright - a little puffy in the face but his French accentisn't good enough to fool anyone. His makeup to make him look youngermakes his face a bit stiff. Marion is suitable for the role and looksgood in costumes of the era. It's good that Hollywood is looking to the past for inspiration like inLa La Land. There are so many good stories still to be told.