Visually this film is a treat. The Moroccan (in reality Gran Canarian)landscape, the blitz scenes and leafy Hampstead all look great. Oh andof course the actors; Pitt definitely looks better with age, theblue-eyed prettiness of youth having given way to a chiselled-jawhandsomeness. Cotillard is chocolate box perfection, glamorouslybeautiful in every scene. The acting is generally good, although alittle hammy in bits, particularly from Pitt who veers a bit too farinto Top Gun territory at some points but I think the script isprimarily the culprit here, and in fact the script is probably theweakest part of this film. Well, that and the plot which doesn't reallymake sense ... particularly towards the end where I think it's far morelikely that the British would have turned the situation to theiradvantage with the D Day mission just round the corner. There is a fair bit of silliness in this film. Although swearing isnothing new, the F word was not in common use in 1940's Britain, andwould have attracted disapproving looks as a minimum, particularly ifused in mixed company. Homosexuality is as old as time itself but inBritain at least it was kept mainly behind closed doors until fairlyrecently, so the openly lesbian sister and her lover was an unlikely(and somewhat unnecessary) touch - although I have to correct aprevious reviewer who commented on homosexuality being illegal duringthis period. It was indeed illegal in Britain during this period, butwas defined as sexual relations between men. Lesbianism was notrecognised in British law, so it would be social, rather than legal,factors which made this unlikely. Open displays of same sex affectionmight have occurred at the more bohemian London parties but definitelynot in the pub! The same can also be said for drugs and sex. Yes, thesethings all happened and yes wartime and the threat of imminentdestruction made people more reckless but what the director ignores isBritish social attitudes at that time and which prevailed for severaldecades thereafter. Despite the negatives this is an enjoyable film and very watchable.It's Hollywood trying to do history which rarely works, so as a periodpiece this is a fail, but it's entertaining enough.