Greetings again from the darkness. It's what would normally becategorized as a cold opening, but somehow the term doesn't seem to fitthe beginning of director Gaspar Noe's daring new film. A beautifullylighted, static camera opening shot lasts for a few minutes. It'sstartling in that the two people on screen are immersed in mutualmanual stimulation in what has to be the most explicit and abruptopening shot in film history. Red flags are waving ? Mr. Noe'sexploration of love has little to do with meet-cute or Hollywoodromance. Instead, he dives into the harsh realities of growingemotionally close to someone, and then having it crumble ? leaving onlymemories and regrets.Directly from that opening, we shoot ahead two years. Murphy (KarlGlusman) is now in bed with a different woman. A baby cries fromanother room. He goes to comfort the child as we get our first exposureto his inner-voice ? he feels trapped and beaten down. There is obvioustension between Murphy and Omi (Klara Kristen) as she takes the childand he listens to a voice mail. It's a frantic plea from the mother ofhis ex-girlfriend (we of course know it must be the one he/we became sointimate with in the opening). Electra (Aomi Muyock) has not been heardfrom in a couple of months, and suicide is a real concern.This voice mail triggers an onslaught of memories for Murphy, and itbecomes clear Electra was the love of his life. The memories are firedat us in the way memories do ? sometimes quick, sometimes drawn out,and in a haphazard order that requires much assembly. We see Murphy'sand Electra's good times and bad, understand how they mostlycommunicated through sex, and witness the turning point in theirrelationship ? they invite their bright-eyed new neighbor into theirbed. Just like Murphy, you may initially think Europeans are so cooland advanced to avoid the petty jealousies and fidelities thatAmericans so value. However, the cool bubble pops quickly when in theblink of a faulty condom, the love of one's life is gone and themorning is soon filled with the cries of a baby.Much of the above is about the story and the characters; however, itwould be an injustice to remain quiet on the unusual amount of sex ?explicit sex acts ? shown throughout the film. Director Noe (Enter theVoid, Irresistible) has always been cutting edge, but a 3D sex-filledmovie is pushing boundaries for most any movie viewer. It's artfullyfilmed and presented, so the only thing it shares with porn is theexplicit sex. It reminds of the Burt Reynolds character in BoogieNights, whose dream was to make an artful mainstream porn movie.Perhaps that is what Mr. Noe has accomplished.However one decides to label the film, it's a no-holds-barred look atthe stages of love and how it can go bad so quickly. It's also anexpose' on the lack of emotional maturity of so many men (especiallyAmerican) who somehow think "protecting" each other is a keyrelationship step. Murphy has one scene where he begs Electra to savethem from his poor judgment, and another where he says "sometimes it'sbetter not to lie". There is also a theme of French vs Americans, withan emphasis on American's propensity for war/violence and possession,rather than freedom. It's difficult to say if audiences are ready forNoe's latest, but it's clear he has something to say ? and plenty toshow.