My wife and I were really looking forward to watching thisOscar-festooned movie. I personally love Golden Age Hollywood musicalsand had read all the press about its revamping the genre for thepresent - day. Somehow though it just didn't connect with us.I did like the cinematography with its Hopper-like depiction oflow-rent Hollywood, from film-sets to restaurants and jazz-clubs. Therewere no sex-scenes, the camera work was fluid throughout and Iappreciated the references to the past with the old-style titles andold-fashioned scene-changes too.But after that, I struggled to relate to the characters. Ryan Gosling'scharacter is determined to make his actress girl-friend like jazz andby extension the viewer but I know what I like and I didn't warm to thelive club scenes with Gosling immersing himself in his music. LikewiseStone's travails with her acting ambitions as she flunks screen-testsand takes a waitress job as she seeks her big break. I didn't hatethem, I just didn't care for them. The songs were okay I guess but sitting here a day after watching it,none of them is still in my memory. The set-piece choreographed numbersare likewise easy on the eye but again aren't particularly memorableespecially compared to those from yesteryear. Gosling and Stone areokay in their roles and work hard at their singing and dancing but Ididn't sense much chemistry between them. I certainly didn't think Iwas watching Hollywood's best actress of the year. It probably helps tolike and appreciate characters like this if you're in the entertainmentindustry otherwise they can come across, as here, as precious and vain.Maybe I'm being too critical in invoking the great films it seems todraw upon for inspiration but the fact that it got decorated with sixOscars the other day for me says something about the quality ofcompetition today compared to earlier times.No, if I want to see a movie about a struggling jazz musician and hisambitious girlfriend, I'll go back and watch "New York New York".