What is everyone in this film singing and dancing about? Our storystarts off in a traffic jam on a freeway and suddenly everyone does asong and dance number that sets the tone that this film is a colorfuloriginal musical about ambitious young people who pursue their dreamsin LA. The opening musical number is painful to watch but I assume thestory will improve.Our central characters are an actress who aspires to be a famous moviestar and a musician who aspires to be a moody jazz pianist. She fallsin love with him when she first hears him play his music. He falls inlove with her as they begin to date and explore Hollywood. They soontrip head over heals in love and as if by magic they dance with blissalong the milky way. The only problem is - she soon reveals that she does not understandwhat is so great about jazz. (Wait - I thought she loved his music whenshe first heard him play?) So he explains the history of jazz and thepoetry of the musician. That seems good enough and they continue theirstarry eyed romance. But her auditions are a bust. No work. Nothing changes. She has towrite a one woman play to perform to demonstrate her craft. Yet helands an opportunity to perform in a big band - the only problem is themusic will be more upbeat pop funk jazz hybrid that will make himpretty good money but also take him away from his dreams to be themoody jazz pianist. He sells out to get work - and she stays true to herself and finds nowork. This creates a schism and they have a very corny argument aboutcreative direction. He does not understand what is wrong with himmaking money and traveling and being famous even if he truly knows thatit sells out his dreams. She does not understand why she cannot getwork even though she stays true to her dreams - and when her one womanshow is a dud she decides to quit her dreams and move back home. Our dashing hero feels awful and soon learns that she has one finalaudition that awaits and so he drives to her home in Nevada to tell herthat she must return for one final audition. They travel back to LA -she sings at her audition - and she gets the role. Both have their owncareers now - so they split up. Five years later - she is a famousmovie star married with children and he has his own jazz club where helives his dreams as a moody jazz pianist. One night by happenstance - she stumbles into the club and finds him.He plays a solo piano song and she has a dream where their entire loveaffair is relived only all the choices which led to their separationare made differently and they stay together and have a family anddiscover their dreams as a couple. Suddenly, she understands what hiswords meant so long ago - about the history of jazz - the poetry of themusician - now everything comes full circle - and they have a longingfinal glance. This is all cool - don't get me wrong. But the story itself has beentold so many times its clichés are even clichéd. The songs and dialogueare very uneven and at times the film is incoherently stupid. Really -do young couples talk about why they would sell out their dreams tomake thousands of dollars a month? Also, the big red flag with the story is that the music simply is notvery good. There is not one memorable song or dance in the entire film!Mostly the lights and costumes replace any real choreography or musicalnumber with a unique visual cue. Also, Ryan Gosling is poorly cast as ajazz pianist. It just does not feel real at all that Gosling is so, sosad in LA with his poor dreams of being a jazz pianist so hard torecognize as he dates lovely women.What exactly is the purpose of this film? What was everyone singing anddancing about? Do we live in a world where people can fly down to LAand pursue their dreams with a shot like yesteryear? Or do we live in aworld where educational alliances, corporate oligarchy, familyconnections, and the occasional marriage - determine who gets to shinein the lights? Are we as a people supposed to rejoice that the song anddance of old Hollywood musicals had a tribute film made just in timefor the Oscar season? I dunno - this movie does have some strong moments in the script - andit does have some good acting - costumes - and lights - but I justthink it's corny and I could not care less.