I wanna start with saying I don't think I have ever loved a musical somuch and i probably won't ever again. The only reason iœ watched thismovie, was because else I wouldn't be able to watch the Oscars, sinceit is nominated for everything, so I went in thinking it was going tobe terrible. Let me just say it blew me away, I weren't even that in tothe musical numbers (even though there were some great) but it wasstill as powerful. I also didn't know it was the guy who made whiplash,which probably would have given me a more positive look at it to beginwith. And let me just say that even though from the trailer it may looklike a feel good classic Hollywood movie, trust me it is not that atall. Even though there are some scenes where you can only be happy, i alsothink it got a very dark tone to it, and i think that is why i like itso much. People who hate it has said to me it is just the classicHollywood story of two people don't like each other, until they findout they are perfect for each other, and they live happy forever after,and who gives a s***. It made made me think they haven't even watchedit because, the story is not that in any way, and I think the last tenminutes made that very clear. It is a romantic, tough, beautiful movie and i cannot see how peoplecan disagree. But put all that away and this is just an amazing movie.Some amazing camera work, with some of the most beautiful scenes i haveseen in a very long time. Also this movie gave me respect for both EmmaStone and Ryan Gosling, both actors i didn't think much of before iwatched the movie. I wanna finish of by saying that this movie isfantastic and if you haven't watched it you definitely should.I am gonna finish by saying this has become one of my favorite musicalsof all time, and it was one of the best movie experiences of 2016. Ireally think this movie is gonna take many Oscars home with it, and Icant wait for more of Damien Chazelles work. I hope you found thisreview helpful, and I hope you will love the movie as much as I do.10/10