An observatory, a boulevard, a bridge, a downtown trolley, all make upfilming locations of the new film "La La Land". These locations areiconic, yet remain unnamed throughout the film. The sum of theselocations create the city of Los Angeles. Any meaningful production isa sum of its cast members and in the case of "La La Land" there is nodifference. Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) come togetherto create a wonderful production, but a lesser known yet ever presentcast member is the city itself. Throughout the epic musical sequences,the city in its whole is either visible or represented by its historicstreet lights. Some might argue that the city is a backdrop to thesongs and dancing of Sebastian and Mia but the city itself takes centerstage with the vibrancy of a leading man. It lends its beauty to bedanced upon by Sebastian and Mia without relinquishing its hold asbeing the center of attention. Mia being a minor actress in Hollywood goes to casting calls wherethose auditioning look the same. This image of Hollywood conformitylends itself to the character of Sebastian who has to change hisperformance identity much in the same way Mia has done in order to fitin and make a living in the beast that is Hollywood. With this beingsaid the performances of Mia and Sebastian are one of a kind, lendingitself to a sort of fantasy adaptation of falling in love. The imageryof the film stops at nothing to convey the idea of love and the conceptof a soulmate, while the business aspects of Hollywood coupled with thenecessity of survival keeps the two characters at odds. The filmrepresents a city, a city that often times is at odds with itself; acity that identifies talent based on familiarity rather than the uniqueand often overlooked aspects that create it. Ultimately "La La Land" isa story about conforming and not conforming and the gains that can behad in between. LA is marketed as the land of dreams, yet is oftenoverlooked and stacked on a pile of dreams that will never come tofruition. The film explores the idea of "what if", and tackles the idea of aworking Hollywood versus a Hollywood where the idea of art isparamount. "La La Land" focuses on the idea of money versus art, andshows that nobel aspects of creativity are often ignored to focus onthe monetary aspects of the industry while leaving behind the very artthat drove them in the first place. The movie is very much paced in therealm of Hollywood where the cadence of the film is action packed withall the fervor of a young person entering Hollywood for the first time,yet as Mia and Sebastian learn the inter-workings of Hollywood the filmslows down to reflect the realities that are faced when having tojuggle income and art. "La La Land" reignites a fire that has been lost from a Hollywood thatis so focused on relaunches and reboots. It's refreshing to see atotally unique film, especially one that grasps the nature of Hollywoodand Los Angeles in such an unconventional way. The singing, the dancingand cinematography move in perfect concert to give the appearance ofsomething larger than life. The long musical sequences often border onthe surreal, taking the shape of a wonderful dream with dance numbersin the clouds and in the stars. Yet at times the pacing of the filmseems to trail off to a point of being boring, this is quicklyremedied, but remains an aspect that should be looked at in editing. Watching "La La Land" is like being awake during a wondrous dream,there is something unique and magical about the chemistry between Miaand Sebastian as well as the visuals of Los Angeles that surround them.As he sits at his piano, Sebastian sweetly and softly sings Mia a lovesong, a powerful couple of lines that represent love, art and life."City of Stars, are you shining just for me, City of Stars there somuch that I can see, Who knows is this the start of something wonderfuland new, Or one more dream that I cannot make true." With "La La Land"a dream has come true, and made its way onto the big screen.