The third full feature released by the notorious director Gaspar Noé.This flick should have been his first full feature but Monica Bellucciand others turned down the offer. they have seen the script and wereokay with it but once they were told it would go rather explicit theydeclined the offer. And in came Noé's first flick Irréversible (2002).Monica did have to go full frontal but it never became nudity and sexon the edge of porn. Stiil the flick was controversial due the 9 minuterape scene and the fire extinguisher scene. Next came Enter The Void (2009) but Gaspar still wanted to make Love.No actress wanted to go that far so he went out to clubs to find girlswilling to make a movie with explicit sex scene's. Never telling themit was for the main lead he finally found 2 girls and finally Love wasshot.Of course it's Gaspar, so you know it will be a long and slow flickwith arty shots just like in Enter The Void and that's exactly what weget here. But this time people could be offended by the nudity. Thefirst minute it's already a girl jerking off a guy. in front of thecamera without restrictions. Is it art or porn, that became the issueof this flick. The main male lead (Karl Glusman) is known for StarshipTroopers Invasion (2012) and Neon Demon (2016). He told papers thatthere wasn't any stand-in for his hard on or for the sex scene's. Notricks no effects, the real stuff. The story tells us a bit that thegrass isn't always greener on the other side. Murphy (Glusman) andElectra (Aomi Muyock) are a perfect couple but want to have a threesomewith their neighbour, a seventeen year old girl. When Electra is outfor a weekend Murphy and the seventeen year one have sex but the condombroke. She gets pregnant but she's never the love of his life, Electrais. And when he got a phone call from Electra's mother that shedisappeared we do get to see what went wrong and go deeper into thecharacters. So it's about their characters and their sex lives. As I said before,it's explicit with cum shots, blow jobs, jerking off , fist f*cking andentering sex clubs to the extreme and even a transgender still being aboy but also having huge juggs. But the discussion if it's porn or not,I say not because the intercourse or genitals are never shown...It clocks in over 2 hours, maybe a bit too long. But it's Gaspar so youknow what you will get. Extreme shots, long conversations and no holdbarred on every count. My only question is, can he go more shockingafter this one? Not for everybody but that's typically Gaspar.Gore 0/5 Nudity 4/5 Effects 0/5 Story 3/5 Comedy 0/5