There was a time I remember, sometime during the mid-to-late '90s, whenthe idea of watching a musical was laughable. It was a silly trend thatwas once popular with the movie-going audience back when cinema wasrelatively primitive, which saw a kitschy revival in the '70s and '80swith the likes of Grease (1978) and Xanadu (1980), but died a deathwhen the rapid evolution of CGI made anything possible on screen. Thencame Moulin Rouge! and its use of modernised classic tunes in 2001, andmovie-goers have been in love with the genre again ever since. Itspopularity shows no sign of stopping either, and writer/director DamienChazelle, who made a big impression in 2014 with the excellentWhiplash, has sculpted one of the best musicals of recent times withthe Oscar-nominated La La Land, a film that manages to feel bothtraditional and contemporary.The film combines two elements clearly dear to Chazelle: The lavishmusicals of the 1950s (and to a lesser degree the '40s), and pure jazz.The two wandering souls at the story's centre dream of leaving theirmark in their respected fields, but both are in love with the past inindustries always looking forward. Actress Mia (Emma Stone) spends timebetween humiliating and soul-crushing auditions serving coffee near astudio lot, where she occasionally crosses paths with a glamorous staras the rest of the room whisper excitedly. Musician Sebastian (RyanGosling) cannot resist ignoring the festive playlist at his restauranthaunt in favour of some improvisation on the piano - much to theannoyance of his boss Bill (J.K. Simmons) - while he dreams of openinghis own traditional jazz bar. Sebastian is quick- tempered, neurotic,and plain rude, but Mia pursues him anyway. They fall in love, andexpress their feelings through impromptu song-and- dance routines.Chazelle knows the genre inside out, and seems to favour the lavish MGMmusicals and the glamorous physicality of the era's stars such as GeneKelly, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Opening with a near one-shotsong-and-dance routine, beautifully photographed by Linus Sandgren, itgoes on to deliver many dazzling and classical numbers, which are oftenglorious to behold and backed by a soundtrack of memorable tunes thatmanage to stay in your head for days afterwards. They are performedadmirably by the central pair, who have real chemistry. One of the fewsaving graces of the Amazing Spider-Man films was the chemistry betweenStone and Andrew Garfield, and here she sizzles with Gosling. It's themovie's main strength. Rather than merely go through the motions andfamiliar tropes, you really want them to be together. You can trulyfeel their happiness every time they see each other.La La Land stutters when exploring deeper, more complex themes. Thesecond act sees the two achieve some degree of success, with Miadeveloping a one-woman show and Sebastian joining up with a fellowmusician played by John Legend in a band making waves in the world ofjazz. Will Mia ultimately degrade herself in order to make it in abrutal industry that may not deserve her, and how can Sebastian, ahardcore old-schooler, be happy in a flashy group looking to move thegenre forward? It seems like a poor excuse to simply tear the coupleapart to experience their inevitable rough patch, and doesn't reallyfully explore the characters' emotional quandaries. But this slight lagdoesn't last for very long, and the final moments are simply perfect.One of the great things about Whiplash was that final, heart- poundingmoment of physical and spiritual triumph, and La La Land wraps up thestory with grace and genuine tugs on the heartstrings. proving itselfto be much more than a mere homage.