In Whiplash, Chazelle's first feature, excellent cinematography,editing, music and design combined with great acting and grippingscenes. However, it was marred by some serious disconnects with realismwhile purporting to be essentially realistic: some of the characterpsychologies and story logic were stretched too thin. Ultimately, onecould enjoy the acting and the edit/shot rhythms, and forgive theflaws.Those same flaws from his first picture absolutely devastate La LaLand, and they aren't counterbalanced by much more than two very goodset pieces (Gosling and Stone's number while he walks her to her car,and Stone's audition number).There is not an interesting conflict in a scene for the first ninetyminutes of this movie. Much of the early tension is based on twogood-looking 'characters' who "don't like each other", and on themcoincidentally running into each other a few times. ALL of the laterconflict between the two main characters hinges on convenientlyconcocted scene logic that boils down to fighting and breaking upinstead of simple solutions like a) sending a text or b) getting out ofa work thing or c) saying "I'll see you in a few months". The logicflaws and wholly unearned story points are so bad that it's not reallya story; it's more of a unpolished frame to hang a bunch of set pieceson. It intends to be a string of pearls.But when half of those set pieces are mediocre, particularly theopening number, one is left with uncomfortable waits between the goodparts: the story and characters are nothing, and half of the scenesneither deepen the story nor wholly delight. It makes you aware of yourbutt on the chair in the theater.Maybe worst of all is this movie's attempt to do with motion blur whatEasy Rider did with lens flares. The difference is that 'avoid lensflares' was just a rule about 'professional' cinematography that wasbroken by a few rebels in the right movie for that. Motion blur is afairly upsetting thing to look at, let alone on a big screen for shotsthat last two or three seconds, repeated seven or eight times in themovie. One of them is quite effective: up to some palm trees, 180degree twist, and back down to the leads as they walk around afountain. And there are some simple whip pans that are too fast to beupsetting. But this leaves multiple medium-speed motion blur pans, andthe movie loses more than it could gain, multiple times, by breakingthis rule. (If you feel that there is no 'rule' that says not to dolong motion-blur shots when they don't add anything, I'll grant youyour point, and counter by saying that the movie looks hideous andnauseating during those shots)