Through his raw and often disturbing approach to cinema, Gaspar Noécontinues to demonstrate himself to be one of the most innovativedirectors of today. I am quite fond of The Butcher trilogy (Carne, IStand Alone, and Irreversible) as well as what I consider to be hismagnum opus, Enter the Void. Frankly, Love is not as great as thoseother films mentioned, but is still quite good in its own right, andoffers a lot more under its surface than one may expect or notice.Noé once said "there is no line between art and pornography. You canmake art of anything . . . Anything that is shot or reproduced in anunusual way is considered artistic or experimental." With this beliefin mind, explicit filmed sexual content can be art, but that does notnecessarily make it good art. Good art in my opinion, often raisescomments or questions on something in life or philosophy, whether it isin its context or its subtext. Love, I think, is good art, through itscreative and experimental approach in film making and the commentaryand questions it raises.The film on the surface, is an erotic melodrama with easy-to-hatecharacters and an abundance of explicit sex scenes. However, I stronglybelieve this is all intentional on the behalf of Noé, as he offerscommentary and visual insight inside the intimacy of a sexual chargedrelationship.It should be NOÉ surprise that the film's commentary is on sex and itseffects on a relationship and the individuals. The film was released in3D, allowing the audience to view the couple in their most intimatestate as close to the viewer's eyes as possible, whether they'd like toor not. The sex scenes are mostly honest as they are neither simulatednor rehearsed. The opening shot acts as a thesis for the film to come, as two nakedcharacters engage in a sexual act; the film going straight into the"action." The film is told non-chronologically as Murphy, the youngcinephilic protagonist and wannabe film-maker, looks back at his pastrelationship with Electra that ended due to unfaithfulness that leadhim to having an unplanned child and staying with the mother, whom hegrew to detest. Told through flashbacks, the story unfolds revealing more details abouthis sexually charged relationship with the emotionally unstableElectra. Most of the explicit sex scenes, once properly examined,appear to not be shown to arouse the viewer, but rather demonstrate thejoy and pleasures of sex, and the importance sex can be within arelationship. Interestingly in more quick and less explicit nature, sexis also shown throughout the film in a more negative context, orleading to negative consequences when Murphy is shown cheating onElectra. I would argue that the film showcases that sex is meant to be betweentwo people alone but presents the opposite side of the argument as wellbefore refuting it. Murphy feels he must own Electra, going as far asto defend his manhood and his possession (Electra) by smashing glassagainst another man's head who appears as a threat to him and hisrelationship. Infidelity and excessive experimentation leads to tensionand heartache within the relationship. The long sensual threesome scenefulfills both Murphy and Electra's sexual fantasy, but ultimately leadsto Murphy having sex with the other woman again in secret andaccidentally creating a child. This forever ruins his trust withElectra, all due to sex corrupting his mind.Murphy, throughout the film is a regular man corrupted by sex. To befrank, he is a jerk. Almost every conflict arises from the charactersgiving into unhealthy sexual temptation and then facing theconsequences of it. Murphy faces the consequences of his actions andbegins to regret and fall into depression, especially after hearingElectra had gone missing. He never meets up with her again, she remainsin the past, only for him to further take responsibility. He looks backat his relationship and while most of it was in fact sexually excessiveto an unstable and unhealthy degree, he truly loved Electra on anemotional level. Their mutual emotional bonding can be demonstrated ina flashback in which the two simply talk and stroll a park. Theaudience never learns the final whereabouts and fate of Electra'scharacter, which I believe works well for the film. She is in the past,Murphy must take action and become a man. His biggest regret is nothaving a child with her. The film seems to argue that the objectivelygreatest thing about sex is the fact it can lead to another's birth.Two people create another. He made a baby, who he admittedly loves,with a woman who he doesn't. Murphy realizes he had never experiencedthe greatest thing love could had offered between him an Electra, themiracle of birth.