Since La La Land won 7 Golden Globes, here is me comparing it to 7well-received movies from past years. Also, giving my own awards:1) It is like Boyhood (2014) in terms of average. If you don't know,Boyhood is the most average movie ever made. La La Land gets the "MostAverage Movie Since Boyhood" -Award from me.2) In terms of characters, it is lot like another romance from 2012called Silver Linings Playbook. If the characters from that moviedidn't have personalities, they could be main characters in La La Land. 3) In terms of songs, it is the opposite of Les Misérables (2012). TheOST is either popular meme songs, original content which lackscompletely and utterly in lyric creativity or Jazz which varies from"this is why I don't like jazz" to "I should listen to more jazz."4) The second award I will give to La La Land is "I Will ForgetEverything That Happened In It In A Week" -Award. This movie is aboutas memorable and live-changing as James Cameron's Avatar from 2009. Itlasted some hours and later on the time spent watching it is worth asmuch as random hour from 15 years ago when you were bored and kickedrocks while waiting school buss to arrive. It happened, but can you gointo details about it? No, most likely not. Time spent averagely. 5) In terms of conclusion, the movie is like Whiplash (2014) -they botheven have J.K. Simmons. The main difference being that Whiplash'sending was the pinnacle of the story where La La Land's ending was flatlike earth -according to some. 6) In terms of atmosphere the movie is like Café Society (2016) fromWoody Allen. Except La La Land's changes from "this is supposedlycheerful" to "supposedly emotional" while Cafe Society was more like"if you see any differences in atmosphere during these 1.5 hours, youmost likely have serious case of paranoid schizophrenia." 7) Now this is acting. How did Emma Stone beat Meryl Streep? Herperformance in Florence Foster Jenkins (2016) was easily the mostimpressive sole performance seen in 2016. She carried that whole moviealone. Emma Stone only impressed me twice while trying to conveyfeelings by directly starting into the camera during jazz scenes. Thesecond time wasn't even that good because it was just repetitive. Also, I lied. This movie didn't really change anything.