One can say many things about writer-director Damien Chazelle's "La LaLand" and, indeed, the critics' plaudits and accolades have alreadyinfiltrated our national consciousness: it's a valentine to moviemusicals; it's a musical for people who don't like musicals; it's afeel-good movie for all audiences; it's a tonic for our nationalmalaise. The story--separated into seasonal chapters--is pretty basic:Emma Stone is a barista on the Warner Bros. movie lot who aspires to bean actress but can't get passed the audition phase; Ryan Gosling is ajazz pianist who longs to play his own compositions. They encourageeach other to follow their dreams, which doesn't necessarily meantaking the financially lucrative road (although having money in thebank would certainly be an incentive for a better future, even if the'artistic value' isn't there yet). Yes, Chazelle is in love withmovies--he steals enough from the motion picture past to tell usthat--and, certainly, the opening musical number on a jammed LosAngeles freeway is full of contagious acrobatic joy and celebration.The trouble is, these two young people aren't willing to compromise(perhaps that would be allowing for too much realism). Chazelleattempts to show us that success doesn't always lead to happiness, yethis protagonists don't see the big picture; starry-eyed, they wantinstant gratification through artistic expression. The dancing ispolished (too polished, I thought) and the early numbers (such as onewith Stone and her girlfriends) have a sprightly quality that isold-fashioned in concept and charmingly lacking in pretension. Still,the hardships of a romantic relationship pulled in different directionsisn't all that interesting here, mainly because Gosling and Stone seemso charmed and picture-perfect. She trembles with a beginner'sdesperation during her auditions and is convincingly unhappy when herone-woman show doesn't pan out, but watching her out to dinner with anaffluent date and his friends reveals nothing more than a princesseager to try another throne. Gosling has a moment or two when he's ableto give us a natural response to a line or situation, but his concernfor Stone seldom registers. The brightly-painted film is reaching for acertain height--a plastic paradise, a movie heaven--that will flood uswith good feelings in its attempt and break our hearts with its climax.However, if you are not invested in these characters by the midwaypoint, it will all seem like a glossy charade. ** from ****