How anyone does not regard this as one of the best and most dramaticdramas of 2015 i don't know. (Story) The movie is about the main character dealing with things hedid in the past that he can't forget that creates difficulties in thepresent. As i know, most people are very quick to realize what moviesare about and i don't want to spoil this movie so i will jump rightinto my conclusion.(Conclusion) This movie is one of the best films ever made. I meanthat, yes, I've seen citizen Kane, Lawrence of Arabia and shawshankredemption, but this film is still TO ME one of the best films evermade. I have never been so touched and moved of a movies story ever. Ithas brilliant acting by the main and side characters, even Gaspar Noehimself gives an excellent performance in what he does.The movie maid me cry, this movie maid me come to accept my past in aweird way. Not excuse what i may or may not have done towards thepeople i love or hate but accept it. This his is how things are andthere is no changing that. We wish to go back in time to change it whenwhat we really should focus on is to accept it and learn to live withit. And this movie portrayed that masterfully.Gaspar Noe once again surprises, do not get scared away by the stupidpeople who only sees penises and nude people. They are just plain andsimple short sighted people. This is art on a deeper form. Anexperience, and if not for the god damn critics who ruined the movie byits "its just a porn movie" critic it would have attracted more people.But i see that more people now seem to praise this movie for more thanits sex scenes. For its storytelling, visuals, directing, acting.The actors deserve prays, and in my opinion Gaspar Noe (like Lars VonTrier) is once again snubbed for a Oscar win or at least a nomination,just because of people who can't see past penises. I hope everyone watches this movie, and supports REAL art and not justTransformers 10: Resurrection (which has not happen yet but believe me,it will...)Scary days a head in cinema. But nice to see real artists/directorswork, even though they are battling a stupid amount of cinema flufftrying to get noticed by their target audience. Real Artist(Screaming)"PLEAS NOTICE REAL ART.... COME ON!!"Studio ex prod(Mockingly)Shh. Shut up.... Turns to director of new movie.Studio ex prod(Respectfully)Yeas Mr. Bay more explosions is exactly what we need...