A little film. Not sure whether you might have heard of it yet? DamienChazelle has followed up his astonishingly proficient "Whiplash" ? mytop film of 2015 ? with a sure-fire theatre-filler in "La La Land". Theold- fashioned musical extravaganza is back, and back with style!"La La Land" tells the bittersweet love story of Sebastian (RyanGosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) who first meet in an LA traffic jam butthen get thrown together by chance (LA is such a small place afterall!). Over the course of the next four seasons romance blossoms. Mia is a struggling actress bouncing from audition to audition in ahopeless attempt to break through in LA's tough movie business. Shemakes ends meet as a Barista on the Warner Brother's lot. MeanwhileSebastian is on a mission of his own: a talented musician, he is tryingto restore jazz to the main stage (something the film's soundtrack willundoubtedly help do!) by opening his own classic jazz bar. As bothstrive for success on their own terms can love survive to deliver usthe classic 'Hollywood ending'? The film is technically astonishing, with clever continuous shots ofthe "Birdman" variety and masterly cinematography (by Linus Sandgren of"Joy" and "American Hustle"). The lighting team in particular issuperb: a case in point is Mia's 'in-Seine' (sic) song, withbreathtaking fades of the background to darkness, a camera whizz-aroundthe actress for effect and then a brilliant fade back to reality. Lovedit. Overall, there are enough similar moments in the film to makecinema-lovers like me gasp with delight.There's a curious timelessness about the piece which is surelydeliberate. Whilst there are obvious and non-apologetic throwbacks tothe classic musicals of the 50's like "West Side Story" and "Singin' inthe Rain" and references to "Casablanca" and "Rebel without a Cause",there is also a 60's vibe to the 'girls getting ready' sequence; an80's A-ha cover thrown in at a pool party; and a Californian Priusobsession that is surely more 'noughties' than current. Most curiously,while everyone has smartphones no one seems to text anyone to announcechanges to plans: the film is almost distancing itself from much ofmodern life.In the acting stakes Emma Stone again shines like a beacon. She is justmagnetic on the screen: (tiny spoiler) the biggest plot hole in thefilm is why on earth she wasn't given the part for her first audition!I was disappointed she didn't win the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for"Birdman" in the "87th Awards" (she lost out to Patricia Arquette for"Boyhood"): but she just keeps getting better and Better and BETTER. Ryan Gosling's confident and cocky turn also radiates charisma: inparticular, it is astonishing that Gosling could play "only a fewchords" on the piano before training for the film. A confidence boostfor struggling piano learners everywhere. It is actually difficult to imagine two better actors for the roles.(Emma Watson allegedly turned it down for "Beauty and the Beast":something she might be kicking herself for!) Are they both the bestsingers and dancers when compared to Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire, DebbieReynolds (R.I.P.) or Cyd Charisse? No, undoubtedly not, but they havean undeniable charm all of their own. (Perhaps we will see the ilk ofthe great hoofers and crooners rise again with a resurgence in theclassic musical. Can Hollywood take a hint?) The big question: now that both Stone and Gosling have won GoldenGlobes for acting in the "Comedy or Musical" category, can they convertthat to Oscar glory where there is a single category in play? I'd liketo think so. It's also great to see proper movie-making taking place in theHollywood studios again: during my recent visits to LA there seemed tobe little other than TV work going on in the main studio complexesthere (although its worth pointing out that for this film not all ofthe filming was actually done on the Warner Brothers lot). Musicals are clearly measured by the quality of the music, and JustinHurwitz ("Whiplash") has produced a gem with ? notwithstanding the jazznumbers and a catchy little pop number from John Legend ? merely ahandful of simple but unforgettable melodies that recur in differentvariations throughout the film. The soundtrack is already in my Amazonlibrary and uplifting my mood on what is a damp and dreary Monday herein the UK.Damien Chazelle has delivered a triumph in both direction and originalscript. There is really very little I can fault the film on. In whatwas the somewhat patchy Coen brothers offering from last year ? "HailCaesar" ? there was a standout moment of a throwback song and dancenumber with Channing Tatum that I raved about (you can find it onyoutube). If I was being picky, then this tantalizing snippet would bea better representation of the style and vim of the original genre ? ?with the exception of the opening number, few of the song and dancenumbers in "La La Land" quite get to that "Broadway Melody" level ofscale and energy. This, together with a few concerns about the pacingin some places, led me to rate this as a 4.5 on first viewing.However on now seeing it twice within 36 hours, it's got me well andtruly under its spell! I normally emotionally resist films that arrivewith excessive hype? but, in this case? I give in. 10/10.(For the graphical version of this review, visitbob-the-movie-man.com).