There's been discussion about whether there should be sex scenes inmovies at all. There are those who claim that they are distracting,offer nothing to further the story and could be skipped and nothingwould be missed. Sometimes they are outright obscene. I find myself onthe opposing camp. I like my movies controversial, and I think moviesshouldn't shy away from subject matter because it is 'risky'. Sex is apart of life, it's emotional and intense and important, so it makessense that movies would delve into it.Now 'Love' is a movie that borders on pornography, that's how deeply itdelves into the matter of sex. The plentiful sex scenes are reportedlyunsimulated - meaning the actors actually really have sex on screen,which is enough for many to label it obscene. And obscene it is. Thefilm is full of depravity, sexual lust, fetishes, and generally morallyreprehensible behavior. So if you don't go for that kind of thing, youshould steer clear of this movie.I saw a review of 'Love' calling it pretentious. I don't think themovie is pretentious so much as the main character himself is, spoutingoff about 2001: A Space Odyssey and how he's going to be a greatdirector. He's not a very respectable person no matter how you look atit. He cheats on his girlfriend and when he has to take responsibilityand raise a baby with his hook-up, he constantly pines for his days offooling around and doing drugs. Actually, he never really stops doingdrugs.The story - and the 'message' - of the movie is about how the youngAmerican film-maker idolizes French bohemian sexuality and freedom, butends up getting sick of too much of it. But it's not a French movie andnot an American one. It's simply a Gaspar Noé movie, and it shows.There was barely any script, no guidelines or rules in making themovie. It's the director's movie, completely focused on style andtheme, color and composition and rhythm, largely disregarding story andeven characterization. There are frequent short 'black-outs' all overthe movie, which made me think that my copy was faulty somehow. Themovie has a unique flow, it's nonchronological, following the thoughtsand memories of a character suffering from a terrible hangover.I have to make a comparison to 'Blue Is The Warmest Color', whichreally is a French movie, also has a lengthy running time, and alsofeatures a whole lot of sex. That movie was emotional and relatable, itwas like a look into a life that was really lived, and despite thecontroversial lesbian sex scenes it strangely had a lot of innocence init. 'Love' is like the drug-drenched, depraved, delirious anddestructive, nihilistic counterpart to that movie.