"Strange, isn't it? Here we are in the darkest corner of this earth,and we're afraid of our own kind."You can say "The bad batch" is an exceptional and eccentric movie. Itimpressed me the first 20 minutes. An apocalyptic and insane society,somewhere in a desert on the American continent, where unwantedindividuals are being dropped. Are you a criminal, an illegal or anasocial person, you'll get a distinctive tattoo and a hamburger, andyou'll be left behind in the scorching heat in this no-man's land.That's what happened to Arlen (Suki Waterhouse). First of all, shewanders around carefree and careless, until she's snatched by "Mad Max"-like desert dwellers. Not much later, she loses an arm and a leg. Sheseems to have fallen in the hands of a gang of unscrupulous cannibals,who needed some fresh meat for their barbecue. In addition to theirlove for human flesh, they are also avid bodybuilders. Does thisalready sound absurd enough? Wait, there's more.As an escape tool, Arlen has this brilliant idea of lubricating herselfwith excrement's (probably making her own flesh distasteful), then sheknocks down her guard and escapes into the desert with the help of askateboard. There she's found by a crazy looking hobo who aimlesslypushes a shopping cart (maybe you'll recognize Jim Carey). And in thatway, Arlen ends up in a commune called "Comfort". A community filledwith normal eating inhabitants, who aren't so normal after all and whofollow some sort of leader who repeatedly talks to them about "TheDream". He feeds them psychedelic tablets and he's surrounded by aharem of pregnant women who are armed with automatic guns. What you'llsee next is a revenge film that slowly evolves into a lunatic, romanticstory.Frankly, those first 20 minutes were hypnotic and fascinating. Apractically dialogue-free spectacle, full of energy and artfulness withimages, silence and a soundtrack which are perfectly complementary. Theamputations are horribly realistic. The whole situation is disturbingon the one hand. But on the other hand, it's kind of absurd andcomical. A futuristic created environment. A fantasy created in a film,but nevertheless it's not unthinkable that such isolation could existsometime. An appropriate method of removing those who don't fit into afuture society adequately Unfortunately, this creative level couldn'tbe detained and it became a bit too psychedelic and laughable. Eventhough Keanu Revees surprised me with his role as a heavily mustachedcult leader. He looked like Nicolas Cage while playing in "Arsenal"where he had a similar appearance.The moment Arlen starts strolling through the desert hallucinating andcompletely drugged, while watching a beautiful galactic panorama andafterwards pleased she didn't arrive in Mexico (looked like she walkedquite some distance), the innovative and unique character makes roomfor something less fascinating. I realize Arlen fights an innerstruggle while weighing both worlds. And then there's also theinfluence and appearance of Miami Man (Jason "Conan the barbarian"Momoa). An impressive personality causing Arlen to feel something youcan call romantic. I also wondered where the "Follow the dream" leadercould find the right material to build such a luxurious home. Even awater supply is provided for the indoor pool. I doubt they found allthis on the dump.Yet, this was more than successful film to me. And not because of thebrutal aggressiveness or the repulsive habits. Perhaps I'm moreenthusiastic about the "exploitation" part it all began with. And maybeI thought the psychedelic, romantic part wasn't that great. But howinventive can you be to provide a soundtrack including Ace of Base,Culture Club and Die Antwoord? Highly recommended, if you are openminded at least. And I bet you'll feel sorry for the little Honey(Jayda Fink).More reviews here : http://bit.ly/2qtGQoc