Writer-Director Ana Lily Amirpour's 'The Bad Batch' is quite a ride!Trippy & Original, this romantic black comedy horror-thriller flick, isintentionally slow-paced & has very less dialogue to speak of, andwhile its never compelling enough to be called a must see, it still hasits own strange mood that is appealing for the most part.'The Bad Batch' Synopsis: A love story set in a community of cannibalsin a Future Dystopia. In a desert wasteland in Texas, a muscledcannibal breaks one important rule: don't play with your food.'The Bad Batch' is a story on survival at the end of nowhere. The worldhere is shown as broken, deserted & horrifically violent. Its a worldwhere cannibalism rules, its a world where people are near danger atall times & survival is their first priority. Its all dry, dusted &dirty!Ana Lily Amirpour's Screenplay is comfortably slow-paced & delivers astory that will only cater to a niche audience. The mood & theatmosphere of this story, is certainly not meant for all. I, however,found myself interested in this story for a good part of it. And whilethe film is overlong at nearly 2 hours, the narrative never getsunbearable. Its thoroughly watchable & extremely well-shot. Ana LilyAmirpour's Direction deserves brownie points. She has Directed the filmwith a vision of her own & remains true to the subject matter allthrough. Lyle Vincent's Cinematography is excellent & captures the cannibalisticworld, most effectively. Alex O'Flinn's Editing needed to be sharper.Though crisp in parts, the film needed to be trimmed by at least15-minutes. Art & Costume Design are brilliantly done. And 'The BadBatch' features a killer soundtrack, featuring some smashing tracksfrom the yesteryear's.Performance-Wise: Suki Waterhouse is superb in a star-makingperformance. As the protagonist with a lost hand, Waterhouse is sexy &arresting in her portrayal. Jason Momoa uses his buffed up body to domost of the talking. Keanu Reeves as the Dream, a manipulativecult-leader, is at his relaxed best. Jim Carrey as the mute & lankyHermit is outstanding. Giovanni Ribisi as the mentally damaged Bobby,leaves a strong impression.On the whole, 'The Bad Batch' isn't bad nor is it great. Its somewherebetween good to above-average.