Jim Carrey is uncredited. I wondered why. Then I watched the movie.Thing is, I watched the first 20 minutes, then put it aside, thinkingthat my wife's sister's family, who are fans of edgy cinema and weresoon to visit us, would be down for an aprés apocalypse mindfock likethis.They, like me, enjoyed the first 20 minutes. Hardly any dialogue (in agood way), some nice directorial flourishes, a more than adequate setup. Lots of promise. A good skeleton on which to put some meat.A young woman is banished to a lawless territory in the desert, iskidnapped by what turns out to be a community of iron-pumpingcannibals, has an arm and a leg amputated (and her wounds cauterized,presumably so that the rest of her can also be eaten or, you know,otherwise put to use), then manages to free herself and find her way toa place called Comfort where the people eat noodles and chickeninstead.I assumed what would follow would be a story of revenge and rescue, thegoodies of Comfort taking down the baddies at the Venice Beachbarbecue, maybe with some explanation as to how the people of Comfortget access to gasoline, photocopiers, rice noodles and all therecreational pharma you could hope for. (My guess was that there wouldbe some connection to a group outside the lawless land, perhaps somesort of probably not-so-kosher arrangement between Keanu Reeves's JimJones knockoff and his inworld suppliers.)No answers came. None.Despite a severe underbite, Jim Carrey managed to chew what littlescenery there was and he was still the best thing in the film by a longwalk. The moment he hands Momoa a snowglobe was when I knew I wasn'tcoming back. The movie had left me in my own offworld without a cluewhere I was going or what would happen to me when I got there.Loooong story short, the girl falls in love with Momoa's Atkinsaficionado after eating some Guatemalan insanity peppers and trippingout like she ate a bad oatmeal cookie at a Grateful Dead concert.There's some other stuff. A kid who likes spaghetti elbows more thanactual elbows and who cries when her Daddy and her new stepmom eat herpet rabbit; a homeless philosopher dude played by Ribisi, channeling anamalgam of all those fidgety weirdos that Brad Pitt used to play; andalmost no dialogue not spoken by Reeves, whose explanation of where hisdookie go goes on for about nine minutes.But it is bad enough to be a fun watch with friends who like moviesmade without scripts by people who can't make a movie without a script.Which is most people.Seriously, I want to know the backstory to this debacle. My guess:Super-talented young director makes great movie, gets noticed, thengets one of those bags with the two dollar signs on it and access toHarvey Weinstein's rolodex while he's in the bath. But the movie has tobe made in 10 days because Jim has a showing of his larger canvases ata gallery where people will hand him bags with two dollar signs on thembecause he's Jim Carrey, not because he's actually a talented sculptorand painter.Or Jim shook the snowglobe and handed it to the director, saying (withonly his eyes), "Before the snow has settled within, the script must bewritten."