This movie took me about 10 different sittings to get all the waythrough. I have never walked away from a movie so many times in mylife. I would compare this movie to the first, but in times of great mentalanguish and pain, your brain has the capability to block certain eventsout, so fortunately I remember practically nothing about the firstmovie. I'm praying that these same mental capabilities will once againserve me well. The great mysteries of life are made up of unanswerable questions.Where did the mystery matter that supposedly created the universe comefrom? Does anything contain the universe? How did the extremely complexcells that make up the simplest life forms come together before dyingout forever? What is the meaning of life? Why in the world would I everwatch this movie after seeing the first? There are no solid answers forthese questions. The characters. There is really no way to accurately explain just howboring and hollow these characters are, but I will try. Stare at ablank wall for 30 minutes. Now divide the emotion you felt by a numberbetween 4 and, I don't know, 20. If either, or both of these characterswas killed off during the movie I probably would have actually feltsome emotion, but most likely that emotion would be joy. Good love movies make you fall in love with the characters. Theypresent beautiful people with depth, an incredible sense of humor andabove average intelligence and wit. These characters display none ofthese traits. Sure, I can admit that Christian is a good looking guy,but that's it. The characters are devoid of actual character. The"complexity" of Christian is actually quite simple. It makes me feelpity for the director and the women that think this is a good moviebecause they clearly are so "basic" that they really don't understandwhat depth and complexity look like. This film makes me sad forhumanity and reduces what little faith I had in women in general givenhow many seem to like this movie.In short, I would have no desire to know either of these characters inreal life. It should be easy for directors to create characters whichsurpass people in real life because they have plenty of time to craftlines and witty banter. Nope. Crafting a persona of interest is clearlybeyond the realms of possibility for the writers involved in thisproject. The female lead (I honestly didn't care enough about thismovie to remember her name) is completely soulless and is an atrociousactress. Nothing about this movie is believable. The plot feels like it was an amalgamation of a hundred other "chickflicks" with BDSM thrown in. The film feels like a puree of high schoollevel relationships where drama needs to be manufactured to make therelationship feel engaging. In real life this relationship would failbecause there is zero to it, besides drama and sex. Nothing about thisfilm makes you say "wow", or take interest, the viewer simply rides thetramcar of monotony. Even the sex scenes were mundane. How bad do youhave to be to make people want to fast forward the sex scenes? It'slike Twilight except that the somewhat interesting vampires have beensubstituted with Ben Wa balls. Is this supposed to be fascinating toanyone? In the end, the movie is poorly acted, with absolutely lifelesscharacters and sex scenes with all the spice of a sexual education filmin a Catholic school. If you're in high school with an underdevelopedpersonality and long to hit the lottery by marrying into it, you mightfind this tolerable. However, if you find this tolerable, start hangingout with more interesting people, get some hobbies, listen to talkradio, or do something that will help develop you into a person ofdepth, with enough intelligence to see how truly horrible this film is.