Hi guys.. Back again.. to review another.So as usual i will keep the review as spoilerfree as possible withrating multiple aspects of the film.- Acting: Yup, here we go again. Again dakota was functionable. Jamiewas stale, tried to put more emotion into his character which came outunnatural, etc. The side characters were over the top. The only actor iliked was the "stalker girl" you see in the trailers. She brought atleast something interesting. Both moms also acted well though. 3/10 - Story: The story wasn't as bad as the first one was. There was a newinteresting addition to it with Christian greys past, but it wasexecuted so poorly.. It felt like the writers were like: god.. we cantdo the same thing... what about a girl from greys past that stalkshim... yea yea great. There were a few events which had nothinginteresting to add to the story. It was just there as fillers.. I won'tsay much except for "helicopter-scene" and you'll know what im talkingabout. All in All, horrible as expected. 2/10 - Characters: enough could be said about mr grey etc, but the onethingI hate is constantly seeing weak women characters in movies. Anaisn't just weak... she gets convinced in a relationship she purely wasagainst 10 minutes into the movie, gives him a kiss of a lifetime aftertheir first date because he gave her a present, didn't go to new yorkfor her job because mr. grey said she couldn't... etc. etc. etc. icould go on and on, but when multiple women write a story at least lether be strong in 1 single scene. she even had to be rescued by himTWICE! 4/10- Dialogue: this.. i cant take seriously. Again Mr. Grey would horriblestupid lines which could only make soccer moms panties wet. It was sobad and unbelievable. You can tell the husband of the writer of thestories let in lines he normally would reject. "You're too... dressed"goddddd. 1/10 - Cinematography: Again great. The movie overall might be sh*t but thecinematography is always beautiful and well filmed.- Rated R-stuff: Yea, they did it again. Not a lot of SM this timearound. This time 3 out of 5 sex scenes didn't even feel sexy, butbland. Every scene was leading up to these scenes and normally iwouldn't mind that, if it had been interesting to watch. At least thefirst one had some sexy mystery to mr. grey, but now he is what we allthought he was: a controlling, stalking and abusive freak. 7/10 Verdict: Why bother? its a badly scripted romantic drama withsoft-core-porn intentions, which don't play out very well. You canteven laugh anymore at how bad it is. Its just bad and sad to see amovie like this make money. Bad acting, story and horrible dialogue...go see LA LA LAND, any other Oscar contenders, or the lego batman filmor john wick.. go see anything but this guys!