I saw it and yeah...I had fun, laughing I guess? For anyone who tellsme that its a beautiful, love story...f*ck off. It was the cheesiest,corniest, most awkward-comedic film. But hey, it worked for a greatcomedy where the jokes on the film. Seriously, the scenes were so badyou couldn't help but laugh. I think FSoG was better in the aspect totake it a bit more "serious" than FSD. This film completely did notgive a f*ck, I was disappointed that the plots and other characters(Mrs. Robinson, Jack Hyde, Leila) were weak! It had potential toexplore more of these arcs, but it didn't. It was dull and so rushed!Everything was rushed. Even the sex! I'm not expecting full-blown pornbut cut the soundtrack songs out, more positions (not just mostlymissionary all the time), and please bring in some foreplay. How can amovie about risqué intimacy not show good foreplay? Why does Christianalways have an un-emotional face while having sex? No climax either? Inthe books, wasn't he always grinning (or proudly smiling) for hisaccomplishment in giving Ana orgasms? For getting off too? None ofthat...it cuts straight to the next scene. Man...and why was it soSoap-Opera-ish?I'm not going to lie, I read the trilogy once and I was like,"whatever, this is the junk food to my brain". It wasn't good, butwhatever... it served some purpose. Did I think that it was thegreatest love story? Nope. Did I think it was a great romantic story?Nope. I was honestly intrigued by the fetish that surrounds BDSM. Butit turned out, that even if the sex was hot, it wasn't even portrayedproperly. BDSM is a whole other level.I was walking out and a lot of the viewers said that it did poorly incapturing the book. Like sure, the sex was there, but thatconnectivity...intimacy... was not. It was like : fight, bang (sex).Argument, bang. Present, bang again. It was repetitive in the sense ofjust make-up sex all the time. Ana is annoying. She doesn't know whatshe wants in the film or in life. Its like she can't take Christian'sdark ways and not kidding, a few seconds later she's okay with it,without any solidifying reason (unless its going down on her or sex) .I feel like FSoG (2015) attempted some direction towards a woman'sviewpoint. Like Ana being "dominant" in the sense of negotiation andchoices. In this film, I'm sorry...she comes off like a gold-digger.She comes off like the only reason she's with him is because he's rich.Its like "I can't be with you, like this...(he gives her a gift), oh, Ilove you!) WTF? She tries so hard to be her own woman, but really endsup being Christian's (and not in the cute way like "Oh, I'm his girl*googly-eyes*) I feel that FSoG (2015) did a better job in where Anahad control and it made sense. Here it's wishy-washy.Its just a mess, not sexy, everything is rushed that you don'tunderstand the reasoning behind motives. They cut off and rushed greatmoments and characters that could have given the film more sense,romance and great eroticism. Yes its funny because it tries so hard totake itself serious. But that's about it.