I firmly believe that if Fifty Shades of Grey had a good writer,director, and good actors, it could have been an awesome, sexy,psychological thriller. However, the filmmakers instead went for theromance angle, and the finished product was a painfully bad mess. Withits sequel, Fifty Shades Darker, I went in with an open mind, hopingthat maybe the filmmakers learned from the first movie, and possiblycould make a decent movie. Sadly, that's not the case. Fifty ShadesDarker is a laughable, piece of garbage.Before I get into what's wrong with this monstrosity, I have to admit:like the first one, I enjoyed the soundtrack. That's the one positivethat this movie has.Now it's time to talk about why I hated this movie. First of all, theromance between Ana and Christian is not interesting or immersive. Ihonestly never felt a connection between the two of them. With the badacting and the poorly written behaviors of both characters, it was hardto believe that they had any sort of feelings for each other. Speaking of which, let's talk about the writing. More specifically, howutterly baffled I was by how bad it was. All I could think was "How dida script like this go through so many people and still be this bad?"For example, there is a part where Christian discloses something abouthis early life to Ana, and she says "You never told me that." To whichChristian replies "Yes I did. You were asleep when I told you." Iliterally snickered out loud in the theater when he said that. And thatwas just one of the many cringe-inducing lines in the film.The film also has no structure whatsoever. It felt like the writersjust made the events of the story up as they went along without anoutline or plan as to how the story was going to go. For instance,there is a random scene that lasts less than five minutes whereChristian is involved in some sort of accident, then comes back fromthe accident completely unharmed and the event is never mentionedagain. It was utterly pointless and only served to tack on a few extraminutes onto the run time.And of course, with this being a Fifty Shades of Grey movie, I have totalk about the sex scenes. In short, they're bad. Just very bad. Fromwhat I remember of the previous film, there are less sex scenes inFifty Shades Darker. However, that doesn't stop them from beingcompletely abysmal, awkward, and painful. The sex scenes are verypoorly edited, shot, and put together. All in all, Fifty Shades Darker gets a 2/10 from me. I have to admit: Iam a little disappointed that this movie turned out so bad. I will notbe duped by the Fifty Shades of Grey series again. Among seeing thefirst and second film, I have lost all hope in any sort of redemptionin the final film and I most certainly am not looking forward to it.Please do not give this movie any of your precious time or hard earnedmoney. Fifty Shades Darker is not worth your time and should be avoidedat all costs