When more and more money is a at stake in the movie business whichcauses the big studios increasingly to play it safe by sticking tosimple formulas when it comes to plot, any deviation from a traditionalthree act structure can already be considered 'unconventional'. Thefirst of the many turns Tom Ford's second film 'Nocturnal Animals'takes, is that the viewer relatively early realises that, despite thecinematography which is more Fincher than Fincher and an A-List leadwith Amy Adams and Jake Gyllenhaal, she is about to witness anythingbut a Hollywood mainstream thriller.The story revolves around Susan (Amy Adams) who is a successful butdepressed gallery owner and lives unhappily with her second husband ina huge and very lonely mansion. One night her first husband Edward(Jake Gyllenhaal) whom she married when they were in college sends herthe manuscript of a book he wrote called 'Nocturnal Animals'. Thepassages she reads are transformed into visual scenes that make up astory within the story. Automatically you try to spot parallels and connections between herlife and the story of the book. But Tom Ford complicates things furtherby implementing a third story line that consists of memories of Susanand Edward's relationship that ended quite harshly. The film freelyjumps from one branch to another and creates a veritable maze for theviewer in which it is a joy to get lost. Once you think you havefigured out where all of this is going, you are confronted with a scenethat seems to be completely at odds with everything you have seenbefore. 'Nocturnal Animals' thereby leaves room for many differentinterpretations, which is refreshingly in contrast to Hollywood'soverkill of exposition and the compulsive urge to resolve every littlebit by the end. Fittingly, the film ends on a very ambiguous note wherethe biggest twist is that there is no twist that smoothly fills thegaps and ties all three story lines together. It is however not chaoticbut very well thought through. You can distil a single consistent storyfrom the film, but nine other people will probably come up with ninedifferent versions. Therefore, I urge you not to go see 'NocturnalAnimals' by yourself. Whether you like it or not, you will want to talkabout this film. A lot. Just as Susan is haunted by her ex-husband'smanuscript, this film sticks with you for a long time. Apart from the beautiful contrasts in visuals between the cold, bleakreality of Susan's current life, the Coenesque Neo-Western grittinessof the fictional story of the book and the dreamy atmosphere of thememory sequences as well as the challenging and complex script (anundeservingloss at the Golden Globes that hopefully will be correctedby the Academy), the icing on the cake are the brilliant performancesby Amy Adams and Jake Gyllenhaal. The former just rounds up her perfectyear by neatly distinguishing this tortured woman from Arrival's Louiseby distancing the audience at first but then drawing it in with everysecond the film progresses. Gyllenhaal on the other hand simply continues his almost flawless runof the past years by showing off his extraordinary capabilities as anactor whether his character is trying to remain calm while beingobviously terrified, buzzing with joy when he falls in love with Susanor expresses ultimately raw rage where he seems to be about to breakout of the screen. To this the film adds a strong supporting castincluding Aaron Taylor-Johnson (at least the Golden Globes got thatright), Michael Shannon, Laura Linney and the always welcomed JenaMalone who are all on top of their game here.'Nocturnal Animals' is a highly emotional ride that is equallystructurally compelling as it is relatable on a personal level. It issomething like a Rubrick's cube of a film that you put togetherdifferently every time but never get completely straight. And that'sexactly why it is so fascinating to watch.