Nocturnal Animals started out with a very weird beginning and Ithought, OK, this is going to be like Crying Game or Birdman - tooartsy for mere mortals to follow. But once Amy Adams (Susan) got herpackage and started reading the book, this story grabs you and pullsyou in.Susan is a famous art dealer who can't stand her job and can't believepeople pay her to do what she does. She's useless, can't sleep, and ina meaningless relationship. With the story in a story technique, welearn that in grad school, she was married to Edward, an aspiringEnglish major who dreamed of being a successful writer. We learn thatSusan is from a rich background, somewhat spoiled, and somewhat afraidto take risks.Out of the blue, in her mundane daily life, a spark arrives in the formof a novel from Edward called Nocturnal Animals. We learn that thisbook and things in it have multiple ties to Susan and their pastrelationship. The book centers around a brutal, ripping event thattakes place to a family traveling along the wilds of west Texas. Tony,the husband, is portrayed by Edward, and seems somewhat weak. His wifeand daughter have definite similarities to Susan.Bad guys get involved and suddenly, there are multiple excellentflashbacks between current time, the story, and Susan and Edwardscourtship and relationship. Excellently acted, excellently weavedtogether. I absolutely was riveted by Michael Shannon as this take noprisoners policeman Bobby Andes who is hard drinking, smoking, livingtype of Texas detective you might imagine.Detective Andes brings a focus of what should have been done to thestory, and his strength counterplays against the weakness of Tony. Hisrighteousness helps spur Tony to finally take matters into control, andhighlights his terrible regret.Then flash forward to the present, and then the ending where we're leftwondering about who really regrets what, and how people send messagesabout mistakes and choices.Nocturnal Animals would surely get higher ratings but for the sillybeginning, and the pandering attitude to the whole art world. In theend, Susan lives in a world of phoniness at the same time as sayingshe's a realist, which brings out her true unhappiness. However, whowill suffer more in this story - her, Edward, Tony, his family? who iswho in the end. Less time spent on the art side, and more time spent onbringing out more of the book would have made this a masterpiece. Asis, it's still a terrific story with great performances by MichaelShannon and Jake Gyllenhaal. Amy Adams was well, just OK, notoutstanding. Really only at the end was she really given any scene toshow acting skills. Otherwise, her role was a simple spoiled brat.Nocturnal Animals is not super violent, but it's not for the squeamisheither - some tough subject matter. Enjoy,