Review: I was in two minds about this film because I found the AmyAdams scenes quite boring but the scenes played out from the book, werefull of emotional drama. It also seemed liked a bit of a mess, becauseit goes back and forth from fact to fiction, and the two completelydifferent story lines could have easily been two separate films.Anyway, the story is based on a married couple, Susan Morrow (AmyAdams) and Edward Sheffield (Jake Gyllenhaal), who separate early on inthe film, due to Susan having an affair with Hutton Morrow (ArmieHammer), who she ends up marrying. The film then skips 20 years in thefuture, we're Edward sends Susan a novel manuscript, "NocturnalAnimals", to get her opinion. The unhappy lamenting art curator, whofeels unloved from her husband, delves into the book and soon feelsemotional about the detailed content. The films then shows what Edwardhas written, with Jake Gyllenhaal playing a loving family man, TonyHastings, whose married to Laura Hastings, and has a daughter calledIndia. Whilst on vacation, they get pushed off the road by Ray Marcus(Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and his gang, and whilst changing his wheel, thegang become violent, and they kidnap his wife and daughter. Aftergetting ditched in the middle of nowhere, Tony finally finds his wifeand daughter with detective Bobby Andes (Michael Shannon), who aremurdered by the gang, in a violent way. When they finally track downthe gang, Bobby gives Tony permission to take the law into his ownhands but during a violent exchange, Edward is badly damaged. The moviethen shows Susan, who finds herself recalling her first marriage andconfronting some dark truths about herself. I must admit, this filmdoes have the weirdest opening I have ever seen! Anyway, JakeGyllenhaal was great as Tony Hastings, and Michael Shannon was abrilliant addition to the top cast but the flow of the movie was a bitstrange. I can understand why Amy Adams played her role the way thatshe did but I still found her character quite depressing and boring.She used emotions more than dialogue throughout the movie, which wereperformed well but it was definitely the scenes from the book that madethe movie interesting. Although I enjoyed half of the movie, Ipersonally don't think that it was put together that well, and I wasexpecting a bit more after seeing the top cast. Average!Round-Up: This movie was directed by, the famous fashion designer, TomFord, 56, who gained fame as the creative director of Gucci and YvesSaint Laurent, and he launched his own Tom Ford label in 2006. He alsodirected a Single Man in 2009, starring Colin Firth and Julianne Moore,which was Oscar nominated, along with this film, so his 2 movies havebeen quite successful, even though it's not his main passion. He alsowrote and produced both movies, so he really gave them his all, whichpaid off. In a lot of ways, this is a unique movie which touches on adelicate subject matter, which must have been a challenge to direct, soI have to commend him for taking on such a deep project. Budget: $22.5million Worldwide Gross: $30.7millionI recommend this movie to people who are into theircrime/romance/dramas, starring Amy Adams, Jake Gyllenhaal, MichaelShannon, Aaron- Taylor-Johnson, Isla Fisher, Laura Linney, MichaelSheen, Ellie Bamber and Armie Hammer. 5/10