I set up my own account especially for this film. I have never evenrated or reviewed anything on IMDb before. It is not that this is thebest movie there is, it just made me, the viewer, to write what I feelabout it. Hardly for me to think that a former fashion designer wouldbe the reason for me to break the silence. Just as Gyllenhaal'scharacter says when asked what had driven him so much to write: "Iguess it is a way of keeping things alive". Well, I never would havethought that Ford had what the great ones had. You cannot be neglectedwith this film. It is said that artists tend to represent themselves,or tell stories about themselves in their art, but no big ego emergesfrom the feeling of the film. I am not talking about the way Fordrejected the possibility for his own clothing line to be used in themovie, but for the way the viewer, or I at least, got the impressionthat not in the least was I ever put in the second place ? in everyscene taken care of, being given little gifts, may it be a perfect skyand landscape cinematography, may it be thought provoking conversationof the characters that makes you reflect about yourself. Some moviesonly take your mind of everything temporarily, or give homework to yourthought, but it really does rarely happen to be able to take somethinggreat from them. It is truly a great gift to make the perceiver of yourart to be willing to change something about themselves. Not just topurely enjoy or be entertained.Since one of the first scenes, where we see Adams' character standingin her home, behind boxes labeled "Fragile", I knew that I was in themercy of a great storyteller. This, and a whole list of other beautifulnon-verbal scenes are the strength this film gets its beauty from.Later we see an enormous painting of Re-ven-ge, and as the mainheroine, we too become aware of the plot that is about to take place.As an unhappy, high society woman gets out of nowhere, after almost twodecades, a violent and depressing book from her former husband, thetone of the movie is definitely set. Even though, she has hurt himimmensely in the past, the book is dedicated to her, and its author hadthe decency before printing to send its work to the same person whodidn't think enough of him or believed in his talent to write. What'sinteresting, is that Adams character is not happy in the present (she'sbecome her greatest fear and worry, a snob, closed, lonely woman, toodistracted from the real world, i.e. like her mother), nor she was inthe past, when she was enjoying the love of the good and romanticauthor of the now sad novel in front of her. We don't get to see theformer husband in the present. We don't know if he's happy orcompletely lost in sorrow or pain, we only get to see his work. And hiswork is amazing. Even the once rigorous critic of his writing, hisformer wife, now is captivated by his book. The reason may be, that herhusband only because of the pain she caused him, was capable throughhis sorrow to give birth to his well worthy art. Ford says in the movie to take care of the people who love us, tonurture that love, since it is not for granted. The main message of thefilm is powerful, but for me, those short and beautiful dialogues madethe trick. For example, the scenes with Michael Sheen and AndreaRiseborough, are the best part of the film for me. The dilemmas ofhaving a gay loyal husband or a straight unfaithful one, or the guiltthat eats up the well-to-do high society members for being too lost oftouch with the reality of the world. "What right do I have to beunhappy? I have everything," one of them asks. "I feel ungrateful forbeing unhappy." Far more experienced directors have failed to captureinternal turmoils and philosophical journeys as the Ford's second childhave. For everyone that desires to be pierced by beauty, I recommendthis film.