(Spoiler Free Review)This film was a huge disappointment.The only redeeming qualities were the trademark (at times) stunningvisuals that Tom Ford is capable of. Credit where it's due, because theuse of color and composition in most scenes, as well as most of theintense acting, were worthy of a much better film. Unfortunately, thefilm falls completely flat due to a boring, two- dimensional story withcardboard characters and mostly comically bad dialogue.While the film operates with a story within a story, the hilariouslybad plot and over the top dialogue of both stories make this film thedefinition of "a polished turd". Yes, it may be nice to look at, butultimately the visuals and mostly intense acting has only little effecton the viewer, because of the two boring and predictable plots (thestory and the story within the actual story).Even worse, the director seems undecided on whether the film issupposed to be a drama, a thriller or just a mildly dark comedy: Scenes that are supposed to be intense fall mostly flat because of theabsurdity of both the characters' actions as well as the ridiculousdialogue. While the movie does start with a few intense andwelldirected scenes, the following scenes quickly become not justunnatural - they are pretty much B-movie standard with no depth at all."Less is more" is quickly thrown away by the director and replaced withpieces of dialogue explaining everything to the viewer. Furthermore,scenes of supposed drama become nonsensical due to unnatural humanbehavior and weirdly convenient coincidences. Even further, at timessmall scenes seem to be just suddenly "thrown into" the film for noapparent reason than a visual peculiarity or a mildly funny joke. Overall, it is a film quite obviously created by a fashion designer: Attimes both actors' emotions and visuals reach striking heights, buteverything falls flat due to a nonsensical story (and the almost asnonsensical story within that story) resulting in the viewer being leftchuckling at the absurd lines, nonsensical plot and randomly includedscenes. Avoid this at the cinema at all costs. Go to an art gallery in stead.The latter will have more depth than this posh and snobby excuse of afilm...