The 2016 drama Nocturnal Animals is the greatest movie of all time, andthe essential reason for this, is that it's a story about the purityand the sacredness of a reaction. Any reaction is a need. A need is an aspiration. The story of NocturnalAnimals is a story which deals in the purity of a reaction being anaspiration - in the purity of aspiration being an illusion.The act of aspiration is false, yet, it's the falseness of theaspiration which is what makes the aspiration pure. The aspiration, orthe endeavour to be great is only great because it is foul. An aspiration, in and of itself, is an experience in which the selfaccepts that they are inferior. So based on this, the story ofNocturnal Animals, and the story of Susan Morrow is an experience inwhich the acceptance of weakness is an experience which is pure becauseit is immoral. The depravity, and the evil of trying to make progressis the actual definition of progress - to make progress is theviciousness and the depravity of trying to change. The weakness, andthe pointlessness of behaviour is progress. A behaviour is the impossibility of conflict. Behaviour outright meansthat conflict isn't real, meaning that on the part of NocturnalAnimals, to make progress or to be pure means to be the falsehood ofconflict not being real. Conflict isn't real, however, the theme ofNocturnal Animals is that to be pure requires that the truth ofconflict not being real is treated as a lie.Treat peace as a lie, and purity exists. Treat peace as a lie despitethe truth that peace is real, and that's how purity gets created -create purity by mistreating peace.The statement speaks for itself. Create purity by mistreating peace -be nasty, be violent and be evil toward peace so that actual purity canbe real.The definition of purity: a state of reality which is totally exemptfrom corruption. And yet Nocturnal Animals has come along saying thatthe total absence of evil is to be nasty toward the total absence ofevil.The total absence, of injury and collision needs to act out against thetotal absence of injury and collision; a force of total harmony needsto act out against another force which is identical.The general meaning, and the general point that's meant to be takenfrom all this is that it doesn't matter how harmless, how peaceful andhow unimportant symmetry is: the very reality, and the very truth ofsymmetry simply needs to be annihilated. And that's it. Just the basicfact, and just the basic truth of symmetry is the problem, and theevil. The true meaning of evil is the very basic, very simple and veryordinary reality of symmetry. Symmetry is a detestable, irritating, provocative, nasty and evil andevil and evil reality