Don't you love my title? Don't you love how I make a statement? Justlike this piece of crap film thinks it does. I don't think the writerrealized it was a movie not an abstract painting. Movies have purposes,movies have a beginning, a middle, and an end; movies that build tosomething usually lead somewhere but this pile of junk leads nowhere!Frustratingly nowhere! Hence the title of my review. It builds andbuilds and has no release it just ends abruptly if you want to call itan ending. so our leading lady is a cliché. She's a career womanmarried to a career man whose having an affair which is not shocking atall. She was married once before and her ex-husband,a novelist, sendsher his book. Most of the movie is about the guy in the story whosewife and daughter are kidnapped and raped. He works for over a yearwith a detective to catch the murderers. Now why the entire movie wasnot that story instead is beyond me. I could give a crap less about howshe left her novelist husband after aborting his child just to end upwith a cheating husband. Who cares about that storyline since it had nopoint! That storyline ends with her being stood up in a restaurantdrinking scotch. The end. Really? I also found out Tom Ford designsclothes. He should probably stick with that. And the beginning of thismovie with fat naked women dancing in slow motion was supposed to besome crap statement when really it was just uncomfortable to watch andstupid. About as pointless as the film itself. The film creator is theman and the audience the woman in my mind. Having said that the "man"is pleased. They made money, managed to get brilliant actors to dotheir crap film, and live happily ever after in their mansions. I the"woman" or audience if you will am left unsatisfied and $9 shorter buthey glad i could contribute to their yachts. And for those who likethis junk and think I'm too dumb to grasp metaphors if thats what thismovie thinks it is, one big metaphor for something, I urge you to see afilm called Silent House. That is a film full of metaphors andstatements that work with a storyline that builds to an actual finale.This is the worst film of the year and I'm saying that in a year whenthe remake of Ghostbusters came out with a frigging female cast (ohhguess that makes me sexist) as well as the release of the ever sopointless sequel to Independence day. But this film? Absolutelyterrible. Rubbish as the Brits say. I wouldn't Netflix it. I wouldn'tRedbox it. I'd wait for it to come on Lifetime if you really want tosee it that way you can take shots during the commercial breaks just tomake it tolerable.