Everything, Everything is a teen romantic drama based on a young adultnovel that seemed like it would have the typical clichés that we seenin other teenage love stories. However, Everything, Everything isbetter than I expected. It is not sappy or filled with cheesy romanticdialogue. It involves a serious life matter that's affecting a young 18year old and how she is being affected psychologically with beingisolated from the world. The plot follows Maddy (Amandla Stenberg) who suffers from SCID, animmune deficiency disease that she has to be quarantined inside her ownhome. Just to avoid catching any other bacteria, germs, diseases,viruses, etc. She is limited to who she interacts with and only hermother, and nurse Carla are allowed to enter the house that is securedthrough a sanitizing air lock. Then, here comes the new neighbor, whichshe gets attracted to a boy Olly (Nick Robinson). They see each otherin their rooms through the windows and exchange phone numbers. Theytalk and build a relationship only involving communication lookingthrough their windows and messengers. When Maddy gets her one requestto have him come in the same room. Her curiosity on traveling and goingto the beach convinces her that it is not living a life if your nottaking risks. It is a cute sweet romantic story that drives the idea of a personstruggling with an illness. But at the same time, she is not lettingthe illness hold her back on being isolated from the world, people,etc.Maddy was struggling psychologically of isolation to everything whenher only way of looking around the world is through a computer. Heronly communication to others is through computer. Her living day by daywith the same routine with mom checking on her health, playing thecasual board games, and repeating the same thing over. Can befrustrating with the limitations. The movie does try to make the audience smile and cheer without tryingto make it emotional about effects of this illness. Maddy takes therisk and Olly takes her to Hawaii. The direction shows the beautifullandscapes of the beaches, the sunset behind these two characters. Plusthe soundtrack also helped creating a romantic tone with these twoyoung adults. Like all romantic films, it does have some minimum clichés like Maddybeing distant with Olly cause she is afraid she will be a burden. Sure,the audience can pick up that these characters attempting to break upwith the other will eventually get back together. It can bepredictable. If you read the books or not, sure there is a twist abouta character. Which I did not see coming. Overall, Everything, Everything is a fairly well romantic drama. It isa cute love story that will make you smile. It has a basic plot. Basicset up with Olly and Maddy. It did not have obnoxious sappy dialoguefor a romantic movie. The setting of seeing these two at the beach wasa beautiful set up. All while, it has its basic clichés andpredictableness. I rate the film 3.5 out of 5 stars.