Everything, Everything is the newest YA-novel adaptation thatthoughtlessly blends the superficial aspects of teenage romance and thepoorly understood, yet perennially showcased plot device of terminalillness. This time around the plot is animated by the wide-eyed gazeand natural naivety of Amandla Stenberg who plays Maddie Whittier aprecocious teen with Severe Combined Immunodeficiency or SCIDs. Shefalls head-over-heels for the boy next door (Robinson) and as one mightimagine things go pretty "town of Verona" right quick.Thirty minutes into this film it became abundantly clear that thisstory, its interchangeable parts and its bland dialogue are beneath thetalents of the effervescent Amandla Stenberg and director StellaMeghie. Stenberg especially gives this movie a far more commandingperformance than it deserves, with an easygoing charisma that flirtswith melodrama without the character actually being and soundingmelodramatic. It of course helps that the film is told strictly fromher perspective which casts just enough light for you to think Maddieis a fully formed person - you know, with feelings and stuff.Only adding to the movies hermetically-sealed chastity, Meghie blocksso much of the film with a purposeful book-wise gaze. When Maddie andOlly, yes his name is Olly, finally meet in person, their delicatedance around the room and each other occasionally makes up for thedialogue and total lack of chemistry. Her spacious abode, a glasscastle just ten minutes away from the California coast, is agog withstriking visual symbolism that only becomes more oppressive as shelongs for her stringy-haired honey.What sells it though are the film's flights of fancy, which not onlyfill the screen with a sort of tame absurdity but also manages to solvethe dreaded cellphone problem. See, part of the issue with setting afilm in modern times is everyone has a cellphone. Thus old romanticclichés that were once the bread and butter of these kinds of movies(frantic runs to the airport, momentary misunderstandings, generalmeddling) can be easily resolved with a simple text. Granted the movieall but bungles any opportunity to explore new dramatic ground, it'sfantasy infused dialogues into the wee-hours nonetheless provides thegerm of a good workaround.If the movie had just stayed on autopilot until the end I might havegiven you a genuine if tacit recommendation. Yet Everything, Everythingwants to bet big on a late third-act plot twist that panders to thepoint of insult and forces gasps to the point of unintentionalhilarity. If you're not already swooning by the time this dull romancereaches its pop-song montage, then whatever goodwill you have tetheringto this movie is liable to snap.Thus we get to the point in this review where spoilers abound...So turns out Maddie doesn't even have SCIDs. Her mother (Rose), fearingthe loss of her precious daughter, raises her, in what is essentially aglass prison and makes up the illness because (huff, huff) parenting ishard! I...I just can't. This movie loses all shred of dignity themoment it unleashes this out-of-left-field plot twist which, withincontext is like aliens showing up at the end of Thelma and Louise(1991) and shouting "you're in the Matrix". I mean, what the literalf**k movie! At least The Fault in Our Stars (2014) had the good senseto pull the trigger and gave us a satisfying if heartbreakingresolution! This piece of crap wants to sell you on its flaccidbulls**tery and then lets you know you wasted your time. This moviedoesn't just want the cake, it doesn't just want to eat it too, itwants to go carnivorous earwig on your a**, and eat what's left of yourbrain! This movie's unexpected and unearned plot twist not only insultsthe intelligence of its audience; in congress with Olly's own familialhangups, it plops a big 'ol steamer on the prospect of finding lovethat isn't an unhealthy form of infatuation or infantilization. F**kyou movie! Seriously, f**k you! (Huff) As I said, you're liable tosnap. Now is this movie really anti-parent as I so claim? Probably not,at least not purposely. The more likely explanation for its ratherstupid choices, my just be a case of excessive pandering on the part ofthe movie and the book in which it's based on. It panders to thefantasy that all teenage girls are princesses in need of rescuing; thatall mothers are secretly witches and that every complicated problem canbe solved by a cute boyfriend and a strong wifi connection.