Everything, Everything is my latest review. Based on a novel, thisvehicle comes to us in the tradition of stuff like Crystal Heart and1976's TV drama, The Boy in the Plastic Bubble."Everything" is sometimes sappy and a little cringe-worthy in terms ofits boy-meets-girl confrontations. There are lots of hand waves, googlyeyes, and uncomfortable silences to boot. On the bright side, the leadsare attractive, appealing, and somewhat innocent. And with a runningtime of 97 minutes, Everything, Everything is also a decent movie interms of its look. Cinematographer Igor Jadue-Lillo gives us gleamingshots of Mexico and British Columbia. They masquerade for parts ofSouthern California and Eco-friendly Hawaii (heck, I couldn't even tellthe difference).Distributed by Warner Bros. and veering into Bille Woodruff territory,"Everything" chronicles eighteen-year-old Maddy Whittier (played byAmandla Stenberg). Maddy suffers from severe combined immunodeficiency(or does she). Whittier can't leave her house because any exposure togerms, viruses, or unfiltered air could result in death. While inpermanent home confinement, Maddy spots her next door neighbor namedOlly Bright (played by Nick Robinson). They form an inchingrelationship and eventually fall in love. This is all in spite ofMaddy's deafening condition and the overbearing nature of her doctormother (Pauline Whittier played by Anika Noni Rose).While Crystal Heart and "Bubble" (both mentioned earlier) adhere toconventional methods of storytelling and nostalgic 70s/80s feel,Everything, Everything tries almost too hard to wow the audiencemember. Director Stella Meghie (this is her second feature film)deviates from normal plot threads. She uses dream sequences, fantasyelements, improbable character situations, and overly cutesy moments(between Maddy and Olly) to keep her film moving. This equates to aweird, less than compelling, and often uneven viewing experience.Meghie has the tools to someday be more experienced in her dramaticcraft. Here, she doesn't quite reach tearjerker status. Based on thetype of material presented, that's what I was going for. Rating: 2stars.