SCID, severe combined immunodeficiency, is a rare genetic disorder inwhich the sufferer's immune system is so weak that any bacteria orvirus could prove fatal, requiring the patient to live in a sterileenvironment. SCID is the disease at the center of the plot in the YAromantic drama "Everything Everything" (PG-13, 1:36) and has appearedin various forms of popular culture for decades. The 1976 made-for-TVmovie "The Boy in the Plastic Bubble" (starring a young John Travolta)was inspired by the childhood of SCID sufferer David Vetter (and TedDeVita, who had a similar disease). The film, in turn, inspired a songon Paul Simon's 1986 "Graceland" album, a musical and even a popularpolitical analogy (referring to the isolation of living in the WhiteHouse). However, most cultural references to the disease have been insmall screen comedies, including "The Bubble Boy" episode of"Seinfeld", an episode of "That 70s Show" and an installment ofRiffTrax in which veterans of "Mystery Science Theater 3000" mockinglycomment on the 1976 film. But "Everything Everything" treats SCID withdeadly seriousness.Maddy Whittier (Amandla Stenberg) is about to turn 18, but hasn't beenoutdoors since she was an infant. Due to her SCID diagnosis, Maddy'smother, Pauline (Anika Noni Rose), keeps her in a germ-free environmentin which her windows don't open, her clothes are sterilized before shewears them and the only outsiders with whom she interacts (after theypass through a special antechamber) are her nurse, Carla (Ana de laReguera), and Carla's teenage daughter, Rosa (Danube Hermosillo). It'sa good thing for Maddy that Pauline is a doctor, so she can monitor herdaughter's health ? and make enough money to pay for theirspecially-designed house. And Pauline is the only family Maddy hasleft, since her father and brother were killed in a car crash long ago.Maddy spends her days reading, learning about life from the internetand looking through her window dreaming about the outside world,especially the ocean.Then, something else of great interest shows up on the other side ofMaddy's windows. A young man named Olly (Nick Robinson) and his familymove in next door. Maddy and Olly quickly connect, in spite of thespace (and glass) between them, helped out by the fact that theirbedroom windows face each other. Their flirting looks and waves giveway to texts when Olly writes his cell number on his window. Of course,they Email too. As our protagonists get to know each other one digitalmessage at a time, Olly is not deterred by Maddy's unusual situation ?and she wants nothing more than to be in the same room as him. Withoutconsulting Pauline, Carla makes Maddy's wish happen, which only makesthese crazy kids want to spend even more time together and maybe even?touch? someday. Pauline figures out what's going on and gets veryangry, fearing that pursuing this relationship would mean Maddy's life.But Maddy starts thinking that her life isn't really "living" at alland that love is "everything everything"."Everything Everything" is sweet, sappy and surprising. Screenwriter J.Mills Goodloe ("The Age of Adeline") adapts Nicola Yoon's 2015 novelfaithfully, rendering a romantic drama that can be seen either as freshor far-fetched? or both. Although it's somewhat predictable (especiallyif you've seen the theatrical trailer, which reveals more than thisreview), unless you've read the book, you probably won't see the twistcoming. Director Stella Meghie (only helming her second feature film)stages some of the less visual aspects of the story with imaginationand keeps the melodrama to a minimum, while playing up the romance andits cuteness, along with taking advantage of the attractiveness andchemistry of her two stars. Stenberg and Robinson are talented youngactors with bright futures ahead of them. This movie has the sweetnessof the 1976 John Travolta movie, updated for the 21st century. (It canalso be understood as "The Fault in Our Stars" meets "AmericanBeauty".) The film is very likely to appeal to the target audience andmaybe even some of the male persuasion and/or Movie Fans who no longerhave the number "1" as the first digit in their ages. It's alsoencouragingly post-racial, with a small but diverse cast and theobvious differences in the backgrounds of Maddy and Olly not only notan issue, but not even mentioned. "Everything Everything" may notexactly be "all that", but it is creative & charming. "B"