After years of browsing this site, I finally broke down and registeredso I can share my opinions with strangers who probably won't care aboutor even read what I write. But then again, in the past I've used thesereviews to help make a decision whether to watch or pass on certainmovies. As the best movie I've seen in years, Your Name seemed like theright one to start with. I'm not going to attempt a technical, elitistanalysis, as I'd probably just end up sounding like a pretentiousmoron. I'll just try to hit some key points.As a disclaimer, there's only about 3 directors that I consider myselfa fan of, and Makoto Shinkai is one of them. I've seen all his filmsand enjoyed them to various extents. Your Name is different from allhis other movies and, I would say, is his most complete film. The mostnotable difference is the tone. Whereas most of his works are much moresomber, this one has a lighter, comical side that offsets the deeplyemotional moments making it more accessible to a wider audience.To be fair, this movie has some flaws. There's a few logical gaps thatyou just have to ignore for the movie to work. The main charactersaren't overly interesting in their own right, and few, if any, of theside characters are developed throughout the film.However, what this movie does well, it does exceptionally well. It isdefinitely a story-driven piece and the story is deep, interesting, andwell-told. I'm not going to mention anything approaching a spoiler. Iwent in with almost no knowledge of the plot and had a more rewardingexperience because of it. I will say, though, that if the first 30minutes or so seem a bit silly for your taste, stick with it. It getsbetter.For those wary about getting into anime, this is a good one to test thewaters with. It's absolutely nothing like the bits of Pokemon or DragonBall Z you may have accidentally glimpsed over the years. I've seenboth the Japanese version with subtitles and the English dubbedversion. If possible, it's always better to watch a movie in it'soriginal language, but I know not everyone can handle subtitles. Thevoice acting for the English dubbing is passable. It's not perfect, butit probably won't ruin the experience for you.I tried to be as objective as I could in rating this movie, but there'sreally no such thing as true objectivity with something so emotionallydriven as the film industry. This movie is a personal 10, but I feelthat 8.5 stars (rounded up to 9) is an accurate rating. So, anyone reading this who is on the fence about watching this movie,here's one more random person urging you to give it a try.