Given that Studio Ghibli is in hiatus in creating its own production(it has collaborated in the film "The Red Turtle" this year 2016), Ithought that it will take time before we see another animation gem fromJapan. Well, it's refreshing to find out that we soon have anotheranimation on a level at least at par with one of Studio Ghibli's bestoutings.It didn't really get my attention at first since it seems that it'slike your typical teen movie about young love or another so-so filmwith outrageous story-line -- taking note of the body swap plot. Thefirst part is apparently absurd because what just happened is that theyhave swapped bodies, which might be just another layer of a character'sdream or might be the actual thing that is happening in the story. That"absurdity" made me curious; and given the edgy editing, interestingcharacters, and funny dialogue, I was immediately hooked until I geteven more intrigued because it seems predictable but at the same timeit seems exactly the opposite. Well, I'm happy to tell everyone that itdid impress logically and creatively speaking. The welcomed confusionfrom the beginning was totally paid off by a transcendental revelation,making the whole experience -- with the sky, the comet, the thread oftime, the music, the tragedy -- like a dream in itself. After that highpoint, I didn't really bother how it is going to end because I foundmyself cheering already on how did things unfold with substantialoriginality.Although I find the ending conventional and a bit melodramatic for me,and also the first half quite uneven in style, I think I have foundanother animation gem just like the first time I discovered StudioGhibli's gems in the past. This film reminds me of Studio Ghibli's"Whisper of the Heart" combined with the creativity of "Inception", andthe sophisticated plot of "Interstellar". We might not see anotherfull-length feature from Hayao Miyazaki anymore, but cheer up becausewe might see another one from Makoto Shinkai. Hopefully he will rise inthe same heights as Miyazaki, and he doesn't have to be the nextMiyazaki, really, because "Your Name", as Shinkai's breakthrough at newheights, is something different and compelling in a different way.