(RATING: ???? out of 5) GRADE: B THIS FILM IS RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: A step above most romantic comedies, the movie impresses withits honest depiction of romance.SYNOPSIS: Two young people try to build their relationship but culturaldifferences and other issues interfere with their romance.JIM'S REVIEW: Love is never easy, or so the story goes. We drift along,from one obstacle to the next, and hopefully develop a strong sense ofhumor and inner strength to combat life's daily lesson. Complicationsarise and ironic situations made up of equal portions of disdain andjubilation persist. Still we go on, searching for love and ourwell-earned shot at happiness. Such is the case of a clever romanticcomedy with an unabashed title, namely, Michael Showalter's The BigSick.?The film follows the relationship of Kumail (Kumail Nanjiani), aPakistani man, and Emily (Zoe Kazan), an independent American woman. Atthe start, both are commitment shy and wary of each habits andidiosyncrasies. As their lives together begin to gel, their romancebecomes a more serious matter as cultural differences come into play.Kumail, a stand-up comedian, uses his wry attitude in dealing with hisMuslim parents (Anupam Kher and Zenobia Shroff), who only see their sonwith a Muslim wife. He purposely avoids disclosing his new loveinterest, a factor that naturally does not sit too well with Emily.?Needless to say, life becomes more difficult and tests their strengthof their relationship, which is shown with comic invention and a suddenmix of solid drama. (I won't say more about the plot and its archtitle. Just sit back and enjoy this insightful film.)Based on a true story, The Big Sick tells its autobiographical storywith a great deal of honesty and verve. The screenplay has lofty goalsand tries to capture their heartfelt romance and the unpredictable pathto love. It does not always succeed as its script never fully developsthe build-up of the relationship with enough detail to convince us theworthiness of the romance. More screen time was needed to engage theaverage moviegoer to invest in this quirky relationship. Also, some ofthe comedy elements just are not of the laugh-out-loud variety to makethe film resonant. The stand-up routines need funnier material. Oddly,it is the dramatic aspect of the movie that is stronger than itscomedic origins. The Big Sick does skillfully blends both genres butwith slightly lop-sided results.?Mr. Nanjiani's casual delivery of comic lines and his natural ease asa performer brings added depth of character, even if he is playinghimself. Ms. Kazan is a worthy counterpart. The actress invests in herrole and makes Emily feel authentic and real. Their chemistry is thespark that ignites the film and holds one's interest throughout. HollyHunter and Ray Romano offer strong support as well as Emily's parents,Beth and Terry. In fact, their characters and backstories are actuallymore intriguing than the lead roles as written.?The Big Sick is still a delight. From Mr. Showalter's fine direction,a literate script, and especially the actors who deliver nuancedperformances, the film is a good remedy for those who are in search ofa nice love story. Catch it while you can.