Kumail Nunjiani is a Pakistani stand-up comedian that most of you haveseen in one movie or TV series somewhere at some time. Ever watchFRANKLIN & BASH? He had a sidekick role in that series. See CENTRALINTELLIGENCE with Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart? He had a bit part inthat as well. In other words he's been in the business for a while butit took him telling his own personal story for him to get a major leadin a film. That movie is THE BIG SICK.The movie is autobiographical and tells Nunjiani's story as well asthat of his girlfriend Emily. A stand-up comedian who works as an Ubertype driver to pay his bills, Kumail shares an apartment with anothercomedian while perfecting his act. He faithfully shows up for Sundaydinner at his parent's house where there is always a doorbell ringingand his mother saying "Oh I wonder who that could be?" knowing fullwell it is another prospect for marriage she's arranged to stop by forhim to meet. His is a world of two cultures and he's doing his best tomaintain both.That changes one evening when he's jokingly heckled by a young woman inthe audience. He sees her at the bar afterwards, strikes up aconversation and learns her name is Emily (Zoe Kazan). The two hit itoff and though they continue to tell each other this is nothingserious, they spend more and more time together. But fearing therepercussions of his family and their disowning him should he date letalone marry an American rather than a Pakistani girl, he tells themnothing. When Emily finds out, the two part ways.Kumail misses Emily and one night gets a call from her girlfriend.Emily is in the hospital for a virus and she needs someone to be theresince its finals week and she can't go. Kumail does, finds Emily isunhappy to see him and then the doctors tell him that she needsintubated immediately. It appears she has a major infection and needsto be placed in an induced coma. With her parents on the way but notthere yet, Kumail signs the forms.Emily's parents do arrive after she's already in the coma. Beth (HollyHunter) and Terry (Ray Romano) thank Kumail but Beth gives him a coldshoulder. She knows what happened between him and Emily. As the dayspass and they get to know Kumail they begin to soften in theirattitudes toward him. They come to know him for who he is. At the sametime Kumail begins to realize that perhaps he has lost the mostimportant person in his life. The time will come when he must decidewho controls his life, what he wants from this world and what he iswilling to do to make that happen.Being as how the film revolves around a stand-up comedian most wouldthink this is a comedy. In many moments throughout the film it is thatbut at the core it is a love story of great emotional depth that willcatch people off guard and that's a good thing. While most romanticfilms are based on clichés and little more this movie has that basis inreality which makes us care more about the characters. That's becausewe know they aren't just characters but real people. As the film drawscloser to its final moments we wait to discover the outcome of thelives of both Kumail and Emily as well as Beth, Terry and Kumail'sfamily. If you know the outcome don't ruin it for those who don't. Letthem be happy or sad on their own.Nunjiani does a great job here playing, well, himself. That might soundeasy but to do the same scene over and over again while filming andknowing you're revealing some intimate moments from your life the truthis it wouldn't be. Kazan does a great job as well and no, she doesn'talways appear in a coma in this film. Her interplay with Nunjiani feelsnatural and real, the basis for a good shared performance betweenperformers. We will always expect a great performance from Hunter andshe does indeed bring Beth to life. Perhaps the biggest surprise is theperformance of Romano. We know he's a great stand-up in real life andcan handle comedy from past experience. But here he plays a man inpersonal pain trying to make the best of the situation, a father whocan't tell a joke well and is having personal problems of his own atthe moment.Well written, well acted, well constructed, this is one of those moviesyou'll watch and enjoy as it unfolds. My guess is it won't getnominated for anything even if it should. It's much better than somemovies I've seen nominated recent years, better in some cases thanthose that have won. It touches your heart, it touches your soul and itmakes you reflect on the people in your own life while at the same timeentertaining. What more could you ask of a movie?