The Big Sick is directed by Michael Showalter and serves as a memoir ofsorts from writers Kumail Najiani and Emily V. Gordon describing howthey met. Nanjiani stars as himself as a stand- up comedian in Chicagofrom a traditional Pakistani Muslim family who meets Emily, portrayedby Zoe Kazan, after she catches his attention at one of his gigs. Theonly problem is that she is not a Pakistani Muslim, and his familywould not approve. What follows is a truly funny and sincere romanticcomedy about self-identity and family and the awkwardness foundtherein.Nanjiani and Kazan both give excellent performances. Their banter feelsvery natural and grounded. Its a very believable chemistry. Ray Romanogives a standout performance as well in a role that seems tailored forhim. He plays Kazan's father and brings real heart to the "awkward dad"role. Holly Hunter also gives a memorable performance as Kazan'smother. Some of my favorite scenes of the whole film are betweenNanjiani, Romano, and Hunter. They really do carry this film and theyare well suited to do so. As a real life comedian, Nanjiani's film is quite funny. Its not aslapstick romp or a raunchy teen comedy, Its a clever and subtlecomedy. This subtlety helps bring the sincerity to the film. It neverreaches for laughs. All the jokes come out of real conversations andunfortunate situations. Its one of the things that make this film feelspecial. The Big Sick is a romantic story about self-identity and family in adiverse world. It deals with the universal struggles of trying toplease others while also being true to ourselves as well as self-sacrificial love. These themes are not pounded down your throat,either. They come from a real place in the story. This film should be praised for how it deals with cultural differences,especially from the perspective of a Pakistani Muslim. It does notbelittle or attack the Muslim faith, but rather shows it in a neutrallight for the main character. This theme is rarely explored in film:What do you do when you start to question your parents faith andideals? How do you respectfully disagree? This film takes care to giveno offense, but take an honest look at this often dicey issue. As aperson of faith, I really appreciate this aspect of the movie.There is nothing really groundbreaking from this film. It is a creativestory that still often relies on classic romantic tropes, but it has asincerity that is rare among any film genre anymore. I think this ispartially because it is based on a true story from the perspective ofthe writers and a star of the film, but also because it truly exploresuniversal themes to which anyone can relate.I laughed often in this story and was able to feel deeply for thecharacters as they explored real issues in an honest way. Solidperformances all around help bring a strong script to life as one ofthe better romantic stories we have seen in a while. If I had onecriticism for this film, it would be that it could have been tighter.It ran a bit longer than it needed to in my personal opinion. Otherthan that, this is an excellent movie, sure to be a modern classic. Igive it an 8 out of 10.