I typically find romantic comedies extraordinarily generic and boring.If I see the credit "based on a book by Nicholas Sparks", my braintranslates it to "nap time". I don't hate a movie just because it's aromantic comedy, I just find most movies in that genre have about allthe originality of your typical horror movie sequel. It's sometimes sobad, you have to wonder if they simply copied the scripts and changednames.It's important to explain where I stand on these type of movies. Sothat way you have context and know that when I say I really liked TheBig Sick, that means something.The movie tells the story of Kumail (Kumail Nanjiani), a Pakistani bornstandup comic. His mother (Zenobia Shroff) is constantly finding a girlof Pakistani descent to "drop-by" when he is over for dinner with hisfamily. At one of his stand-up shows he meets Emily (Zoe Kazan), anAmerican girl. He loves Emily but is concerned revealing that he iswith a non-Pakistani woman would banish him from his family. This leadsto the end of the relationship. But when Emily becomes sick and isplaced in a medically induced coma, Kumail finds himself constantlyreturning to the hospital to check on her despite the constant presenceof her parents (Ray Romano and Holly Hunter) whom he's never met beforeand who know the full story of the couple and their breakup.The movie is based on a true story, though I'm used to that term beingvery loose. How much is true or not is unknown, but it is alsoinconsequential to a film critic. All that matter is if this is aentertaining movie or not. And it is. The comedy can be hit or miss,but the charm is there. Most of it comes between the chemistry of thefour leads, all of which seem to have genuine feelings for each other.While all the actors are great, it's Kumail Nanjiani's movie. He is theone character we follow throughout and he is the character that makesor breaks this movie. If this movie is any indication, Nanjiani shouldhave a sound career ahead of him. The film deals with cultural differences, breakups, and many generalrelationship issues in an adult way. Sure, it's a romantic comedy. Justnot a standard cliché one. Events are handled in a mature andunderstandable way. This from a guy who's not into this genre at all;The Big Sick was a pretty good time at the theater.