What's wrong with today's romantic comedies? Well, a lot. There is theridiculous cliché formula of man falling for woman, man losing woman,and (assuming it's a comedy and not a drama) man getting woman back.Every now and then the genders are swapped and viewers rave about theoriginality of a female lead taking charge (but it still follows thecliché formula!). Sure, that is ultimately what happens in The BigSick, but The Big Sick does something very right while using thisformula that many other romantic comedies do wrong. The Big Sick showsthe humanity of the characters involved and does not paint them in aseemingly objective light of perfection or failure. When Emily wakesfrom the coma, for example, she does not welcome Kumail back with openarms. We can talk about how in the average romantic comedy little depthis provided in regard to the female character - she is usually verypretty but rarely seems to have earned the desire of the leadcharacter. Her simply "being" is enough to drive him to pursue her. Inthe average romantic comedy, Emily would have woken up from the comaand been immediately taken Kumail back. Another piece to break theusual formula was the inclusion of Emily's parents and the role theyplayed in allowing the audience (and Kumail) to really get to knowEmily. As an avid movie watcher and a harsh romantic comedy critic, Ifound this movie a much needed, refreshing addition to the genre.First, the characters are not displayed as flawless, beautiful peoplewho happen to fall in love because their stars happened to align. Whilekeeping in mind there is only so much time to work with, the charactersare relatively round characters with internal and external strugglesthat are shown without being spoon fed to the audience. Moreimportantly, this movie addresses a very real minority issue that fewhave addressed in the past: the idea of family obligation as it relatedto immigrant families - prearranged marriage expectations being a smallpiece of this obligation. While there have been several indie filmsthat have addressed this conflict of cultures, few have done so withthe objectivity and heart of The Big Sick. My main criticism is thatthe supporting comedian actors came off as a bit flat and their rolewas so obviously the comic relief that it felt somewhat cheap. Thatbeing said, I am more than willing to overlook this because of the manythings this movie did right.