The Big Sick was very warmly-received at Austin's SXSW Film Festival.The Big Sick is a superbly original romantic comedy/drama based on atrue story of Kumail Nanjiani and his now-wife Emily Gardner; theyco-wrote the script together. Kumail stars as himself. It starts fromthe premise of the inherent difficulties of interracial,inter-religious relationship between a Pakistani- American comedian andwhite woman in Chicago who face both the normal difficulties ofrelationships combined with the pressures of Kumail's overbearing, butloving family who demand that he participate in an arranged marriage toa Pakistani girl. Kumail is caught between competing worlds. Thesituation spins out-of-control when Emily becomes extremely ill andKumail has to deal with her parents.The amazing part of this movie is that it deals with deeply seriouscomplex issues, but does so with humor and grace. The screenplay isremarkable and nuanced, but is infused with a comedian's sense of humorthat captures the real human comedy that exists in all personalrelationships. You will die laughing when Emily's bewildered fatherturns to Kumail in a hospital cafeteria and asks him, "What do youthink of 9/11?" and Kumail responds as a comedian should to such anoutrageously stupid question. Ray Romano and Holly Hunter are excellentin the roles of Emily's parents. While based on a true story, I'm sure parts have been fictionalized tobring the drama and the humor of the events to the screen, but itappears that the basic Romeo & Juliet premise is based on the screenwriters' real relationship. The film's ability to balance the deadlyserious and the comedic reminds me of the wonderful film 50/50 (2011)which also dealt with a deadly illness with a similar light touch. Thisbeautiful film which deals so well with the complexities of overcomingcultural differences serves as a good anecdote to our charged politicalclimate and especially with the demonization of Islam that has becomeall too dangerous in this country. I hope it is the breakout comedy hitof the summer when it goes into wide release in July.