Sometimes, books and movies have alternative titles (or additionaltitles, if you like). The summary line is what I would suggest for "TheBig Sick". This real title, by the way, is not metaphorical. Someonegets sick, big time.The movie is based on the true story of the protagonist Kumail Nanjianiwhose parents sacrificed a great deal to emigrate from Pakistan toChicago to give him a better future, only to see him pursue the careerof a stand-up comedian. Little do they know that the worst is still tocome: he will fall in love with a white girl.Kumail meets his wife Emily V. Gordon (played by Zoe Kazan, filmindustry icon Elia Kazan's granddaughter, brilliant in "Ruby Sparks" -2012) during his performance, just as it happened in real life. Theystart seeing each other. When he tells his friend about this buddinginter-racial romance he gets a casual response: this is so cliché. Whenshe absently tries to slip the information past him that she is adivorcée, he catches on and asks question. That, however, does notdeter anything. But the final hurdle, when it surfaces, is reallycliché: when two people get married, it involves not just two people,but two families. When they mutually recognize that this is aninsurmountable obstacle, they part, not in a good way.Throughout this early segment of the movie, we see repetitive scenes ofKumail's family dinner (which includes brother and his wife), harpingon the mother's effort to parade an assortment of prospectivedaughters-in-laws who "drop in" by chance. Emily's parents we see onlyat the 40-minutes point of this two-hour movie. Out of the blues hegets a call telling him that she is in hospital. The very next thing isa crisis point when the doctor informs him that she needs to be putimmediately in an induced coma to facilitate surgery. "Are you herhusband?" the doctor asks, "we cannot afford to lose any time". Hesigns the form authorising the induced coma.Soon, her parents appear, just flown in. They are civil to him butotherwise as cold as it would be north of The Wall. In the waitingarea, he tries to break the awkward silence, "there are good comas andbad comas, and this is a good coma", as if he is talking aboutcholesterol. They are not amused (particularly the mother) and tellshim frankly that they don't want him around. Take heart, audience, thisis the lowest point. Things do get better, as intimated in my summaryline.The best part of the movie ensues, during the hour that follows, whenEmily is in a coma. There are so many heart-warming moments when theparents, played superbly by Holly Hunter and Ray Romano, graduallythaw, dissolve, and finally warm towards Kumail. In the meantime, hisown parents, finding out about this last straw, disown him. But thisyoung man, one of the most likable faces that appears on any screen,perseveres and vows that he is always part of the family whether theywant him or not.Emily survives the induced coma, and starts on her path of recovery.While Kumail's renewed wooing is deeply touching, as well as blessed byher parents, her refusal is in fact logical. First of all, while herparents attest to his devotion, that does not alter the fact that sheis in a coma all this time, emotionally untouched. Even moreimportantly, the primary obstacle has not changed. She does not want tobe the reason that makes him lose his family.As this is a real-life story, one would not expect melodramatic twists.He moves to New York in pursuit of his career, after a sort-ofreconciliation with his family. She shows up at his performance,closing the movie in an upbeat, open-ended note. With the publicity ofthe real story through the movie, we all know that there is a happyending. Incidentally, Emily in real life is also Kumail's co-writer ofthe script for this movie.