If I was to tell you about Guillermo Del Toro's new film what would Isay.As the father of dark fantasy, Guillermo Del Toro knows how to bringalive the illusive wonderlands and nightmares we can relish andtransform them into wonderful poignant crafts of insight and meaning,and The Shape of Water is no exception. With its journey from Venice toToronto, The Shape of Water has now hit the London Film Festival, nowwithin reach of this exuberant critic. I had only the budget to see onefilm at this year's festival and I most certainly made a wise decision.During the Cold War conflict of the 60s, a mute but hearing Eliza(Sally Hawkins) works as a cleaner at a secret government facility,where she becomes drawn to the new specimen: a mysterious marinecreature (Doug Jones). While Eliza begins to fall in love with it, thefacility head Richard Strickland (Michael Shannon), only desires totake the creature apart for experimental advantage against theRussians. Eliza's bond with the creature soon begins to effect thosearound her: her neighbour Giles (Richard Jenkins), work college Zelda(Octavia Spencer) and scientist Robert Hoffsteder (Michael Stuhbarg)What is amazing profound about Del Toro's latest work is its eccentricvisualisation in reflection of the political and social conceptions ofthe past , but also today. The most centralised end is the thetreatment of those who are different. Directly dealing with the fantasyof other species but intertwined with racial treatment relevant to thetime in which the film is set, and then of course against the back dropof the national conflicts, but then also the value of those withdeficiencies, as portrayed by Sally Hawkins.More distant from his darker tones in, Pan's Labyrinth, and CrimsonPeak, but not far from the surreal fantasy, The Shape of Water becomesmore grounded than previous Del Toro films, and diversely more lighterand funnier. With frequent laughs and jokes on screen, the romanticfantasy is a much light hearted watch, of course not without its momentof bloody violence but at a lower volume. What may be hard for someaudiences to get their head around, is this idea of an inter-speciesrelations and with the astonishing design of the creature itselfbecomes something more than just a fish costume. The bond and sexualityof this romance is a significant thread to the film and is one thatfeatured heavily with its repetitive moments of adult content. But whatDel Toro explores its is real beauty in love and within the context ofthe film it does becomes something remarkable.Sally Hawkins is exceptional in her vigorous performance as the muteEliza, with dynamic sign language and spirited facial expressions, wesee the isolated heart of the "princess without voice" which makes herconnection to this solitary creature all the more real. Opposite her isthe confident physical actor Doug Jones, manning the rubber suit of thecreature in a brilliant bodily performance, outdoing his previouscollaborative performances with Del Toro. Then Michael Shannonsensationally brings the real monster to the tale in Strickland, thedominating Colonel facing his battle in masculinity as well as with thecreature. Shannon gives one of the best performances of his career,keeping with that classic fairy tale juxtaposition of man being thereal monster.As with all Del Toro's dark fantasies, it all becomes about thecharacters. Eliza reaching out to another like herself. Stricklandtrying to maintain his power and masculinity in his skirmish with thecreature and Eliza. Hoffsetider being caught between to sides butseeking his own right, and Giles trying to find his significance backin society.As never fails with a Del Toro films is the signature production designthat brings to life these magnificent worlds. The Shape of Wateralthough is not full Del Tory fairy tale land, does have a veryextraordinary construct of the real world, from Eliza's apartment tothe secret facility, echoing the true Gothic universe of the realworld. Opening in a momentous title sequence, Del Toro literally floodsthe screen in ravishing visual effects and segments. Only more socombined with the inescapable talents of cinematographer: Dan Laustsen,swiftly moving from one room to the next in a mythical immersiveexperience alluring us furthermore into the depths of the story and artwork of the film.The Shape of Water is a wonderfully weird, quirky, heart-warming,extraordinary piece of cinema. For fans who have found Del Toro'sprevious works too dark or scary, will be delighted by this much morecharming fantasy.