I loved "A Bigger Splash" (the previous film by Luca Guadagnino,) andwas in awe by the trailer and stunning reviews for this film. Needlessto say, my expectations were utterly shattered by this powerful,emotional, and gorgeous drama. It's one of the best films of thedecade, and clearly the best film of the year so far.While this isn't the type of film with too many spoilers, I still don'twant to give too much away. It's better to go into such a sublime filmlike this knowing less rather than more. What I will say is that themain plot concerns an adolescent man who is spending a summer in the1980's with family in Lombardy, Italy. He begins having a relationshipwith an older man invited as a guest by the family played by ArmieHammer. The film's pacing is superb and lets the viewer genuinely meetthese characters, who are bonded by both friendship and physicalaffection. This is clearly shown throughout the movie, as the chemistrybetween the two leads is excellent.But what makes "Call Me By Your Name" such a phenomenal film is itsgripping sense of feeling. Viewers truly feel that they are away fromwhere they are viewing the film, and truly feel like they have beentransported to 1980's Italy. Guadagnino is a masterpiece at elicitingsenses, and the audience's sense of senses are used to full effect tosimulate the true feelings of being in Italy. From luscious depictionsof peaches and apricots grown in the countryside, to the streets ingorgeous Italian towns and the steamy espresso, every sight and soundin the film feels truly authentic and impactful on the viewer. I havenot seen such an effective use of reflecting on audiences' senses tocreate a more immersive viewing experience in a film in years. Thefilm's score is exceptional as well. It feels authentically Italian andbeautifully emotional, especially when paired with the film's script inmany scenes. The writing feels both authentic and intelligent at alltimes, and the film doesn't even manage to let its guard down in asingle scene by failing to grip the viewer with its beautiful script. Alate-film monologue by Michael Stuhlbarg is a particular highlight.As one can see from reading this review, this film is trulyunforgettable and a brilliant trip to Italy. Its immersion in itssetting and characters remind us of the focal point of cinema: toexpose the viewer to unique settings and opportunities and to transportthem to these opportunities through the language of film. Recommendedto the highest degree. 10/10