A sensual romance about a boy who finds himself through the discoveryof another.Luca Guadagnino's third chapter in his desire trilogy, following I amLove (2009) and A Bigger Splash (2015) is Call Me By Your Name, a novelarbitrary love tale between two young men in the shimmering summer of80s Italy. A romantic drama pealing back the layers of its Romeo and"Juliet" in a elementary yet bewildering fashion.In the 80s suburban Italy, 17 year old Elio ( Timothée Chalamet) andhis parents unwind for their summer lounge, when Oliver (Armie Hammer)a 24 year old academic arrives at the families home to work along sideElio's father Lyle (Michael Stuhlbarg). While Elio's first impressionsof the strapping American are sower, Elio's enchantment with Oliverblossoms a beautiful friendship between the two and then as the dramaproceeds a romantic one.Guadiagnio's vision of a summer love affair is one to truly be admiredby the way Call Me By Your Name eases you into a conceivablerelationship. Instead of your traditional love at first sight films.Call Me By Your Name has the confidence to take its time with thecharacters to produce a remarkable layered character journey. From thiswe are given the perspective of Elio's world and his flourishing growthas young man, before his world is truly altered by his contact withOliver. The film is more a coming age of story of Elio as well as aromance.Obviously the coursing heartbeat of the film is the central charactersrelationship as it blossoms from the very start to finish, an amazingmaster work in romantic story telling to say the least. As Elio andOliver converse over music, philosophy and archaeology, the two'sconnection is thickened in the company of each other, and of us theaudience as well. This is wonderfully transcribed in James Ivory'sscript beautifully adapted from André Aciman's book. Although Elio isour main window into this romance, both characters are as equal as eachother, as the title implies.Real masters giving life to this tale is the cast themselves. Afabulous ensemble performance by all participants in a warm welcomingenvironment, usually found unfamiliar in this narrative context. FromMichael Stuhlbarg's wise Lyle passionate about his love of archaeologythat he shares with Oliver, while also being a passionate father toElio guiding him in his journey as a youth. Armie Hammer's Oliver isscene stealing charming puzzle which along side Elio we are trying tounravel. Hammer brings forth an exceptional performance which isalready ringing potential Oscar bells. Although those bells better beringing louder for the true standout performance of Timothée Chalamet.Chalamet brings a marvellous collection of young but also maturecharacter in Elio trying to decipher his own identity which becomes allthe more clear when he meets Oliver. A major break out performancehopefully to set Chalamet on the path of even greater work.What moulds Call Me By Your Name is its glistening flavour is itsexotic summer presence in honourable landscape beauty of Italy,tenderly caught by Sayombhu Mukdeeprom's cinematography. A strongthrowback to the hot summer just gone, as we now enter the cold winter.A lavish film in its own right, seriously a film to really immerse inwith its exotic atmosphere while, pouring its heart out in thecharacters.Call Me By Your Name is the most remarkable drama of the year, if youbelieve in any love story this year let it be this one, as your sweptin a fantastic voyage of discovering love for the first time. Truly amasterpiece in romantic story-telling.