This movie is truly beautiful. It is a work of artistic beauty in somany ways and I will enjoy watching it again many times in the future.The movie is slow in pace but this reflects the nature of time in thesummer: slow, easy and free- flowing. There is nowhere to be at aspecific time, no agenda to meet, just slow summer days and the beautythat comes with being this at ease. I think that is one of thebeautiful elements within the film: it reflects this Italian/Europeanlifestyle which perhaps we should all think more seriously about, aswhat is life when you are constantly rushing to meet this deadline orcatch this certain train when you compare it to the life of living outin the rustic countryside, eating fresh fruit and swimming in the localriver? I know the film is set in the 80's, but that is not to saypeople today still do not live like this at least part of the year. Anyway, from someone who has never seen a LGBT based movie before, Ifelt a bit unprepared and as if I had nothing to compare it to.Although by the end of the film I really didn't feel I needed to as thelove story transcends any artificial labels to simply express a pureand innocent tale of first love that is rarely as genuinely portrayedwithin cinema. I think both Chamalet and Hammer did wonderful jobs intheir performances, balancing the innocence and curiosity of Elio withthe experience and desire of Oliver. Chamalet in particular, I believe,as a younger actor, brought a great deal of raw emotion into hisperformance which really enhances the whole film overall. The beautiful landscapes combined with the focus on the Italianlifestyle brings another wonderful element to the film and really helpsto complete the story. The symbolism within the film, with the ripepeaches, also builds on the artistic direction of the film that is sureto make it a possible contender for the awards season next year. Icertainly hope that the film wins at least for Best Foreign Film, yet Iwould hope that it would garner wider recognition and very much hopethat Chamalet is considered for Best Actor. The speech by Elio's fatherat the end of the film, played by the talented Mr Micheal Stuhlbarg, isvery moving and really has a wonderful message in the end I think thatchallenges us all to think about how we live our lives and how we judgeothers.