The old-fashioned love story may appear to be lost in antiquity, butthat's only because so many movies and TV series have attempted torehash it over and over again without anything new and profound to say.What makes Call Me By Your Name an exception is its perspective of apassionate love affair that may externally be labelled as taboo, but isactually an opportunity for a young person to express their emotionsexplicitly and without shame. This movie captures an important lifelesson about respecting time, before it disappears. This humanconstruct imprisons a lot of people in a stupor of routine anddepression, because they keep looking back and trying to relive pastmemories. Whilst remembering is important, and brings out the nostalgiain all of us, this movie tells us to continue living beyond that. The general story of the movie is simple. Not many words are spoken,but the actions speak louder, and what unfolds is a complexrelationship between a 17 year-old boy and an American visitor withwhom he becomes infatuated. This is a gradual process, but LucaGuadagnino makes it so subtle that it can be a matter of looking forthe signs. There's a lot of references to the possessions of people,the bikes, the books, the shirts and the necklaces. Symbolism plays akey part in how we see Elio's sexual development. As his parentsappreciate, he is new to the world of intimacy, but his naivety alsobrings forth a chance for him to learn about his feelings. That is oneof the key themes to take from the film - his seesaw journey throughthe definition of his sexuality is a common factor in most people'slives, but this film addresses that as something natural and somethingnormal.My favourite scene is towards the end, after Elio has been strugglingto deal with his lover's absence by suffering in silence. His fatherconsoles him, knowing full well what his time with Oliver has meant.The fact that his father accepts Elio's relationship and feelings tobegin with is a great moment, giving Elio the freedom he needs to askfor his father's support. Secondly, it's his father's words that meanthe most in the movie; about making the most of these short, yetecstatic escapades before the chances wither and fade away. Finally, I'd like to commend rising star Timothee Chalamet for hisunprecedented and tender performance of Elio. Throughout, you arecaptured by his innocent nature, and empathise with his internalstruggle. The final shot of Elio relentlessly giving in to his emotionsis guaranteed to move you at the end of cinema, so much so that youwill be struggling to hold in your own tears as you exit the theatre.Needless to say, 2017 has been triumphant in its host of emotionalmovies, what with Dunkirk, The Circle and Wind River, but Call Me ByYour Name stands above them all, with its simple, yet honest,interpretation of love and the emotional consequences that inevitablyfollow.