Had the privilege to see this film at the San Diego filled festivalbefore premieres in theaters. Was very impressed and emotionally movedvery early on in the film. Well not quite on the level of ' The theoryof everything', movie will definitely tell that your heartstrings andhave you crying pretty quickly. Myself being disabled, especiallystruck a chord for me to see how things used to be for people withdisabilities and made me thankful that I was born when I was in thatthings have progressed so well in the last century. Andrew Garfieldgave him moving performance it as robin Cavendish. He better get hisOscar speech ready. I also really enjoyed some aspects of the film thatare not addressed another disability films, namely the relationshipbetween the disabled and their children. This film does so it wasreally devastate you when you get to see that Robin wasn't really ableto be there physically as a father to his son another power house isclaire foy.plays Robbins wife who is the one who advocates for him andinspires him to keep going. This film also previews you to the horrorsdisabled people had to live through before Robin and Diane becameadvocates. While the ending of this film is not as uplifting as 'thetheory of everything', for some reason that movie devastates me muchmore than this one did. I wonder if that had anything to do with whowas in charge of the film. This phone was produced by the couple's sonJonathan, who basically made a love letter to his parents. You won'tsee the trials and tribulations of being disabled as much here, just abeautiful love story between two people. Highly recommend it.ETA: now that critical reviews of this film have come out, I am highlyinsulted that critics wanted to see more of robin's struggles thantriumphs. i never believed the term 'inspiration porn' but i do now. itdisgusts me that people wanted to see the grittier side of robin'sillness. our health problems are not for you to exploit. i feel justenough was shown to get the point.