A Ghost Story marks David Lowry's return to cinema since his 2013 indiehit "Ain't Them Bodies Saints". Telling the story of a young couple(Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara) who buy a home and plan to start a lifetogether in it until tragedy strikes. The Man suddenly dies and leavesthe wife to fend for herself and build a life in the house by herselfinstead of with the man she loves. All while she is going through thisin reality, the Man begins to haunt the home in a classical white sheetdonning way. Throughout the years of being trapped to haunt this home,The Ghost also has to witness the love of his past life continue onwithout him and experience the moments of life without him. It is abeautiful and heart wrenching film that delves deeper into what griefdoes to not only a person but to a ghost.Whether you believe in an after life or not, A Ghost Story isn'tworried about your beliefs. It plays out like a fantasy and that's howit stays which really bodes well for it. It never reaches beyond whatis happening with the Man and the Woman and, of course, the House(which becomes a character in and of itself). David Lowry does a greatjob at setting up a "what if" scenario that all you can do is askyourself, "what would I do in this situation?" The scariest part ofthat is there is literally nothing you can do. That rationalization isprobably scarier than most horror films out today. The film itself is a very digestible 90 minutes which is of a perfectlength for this film because it doesn't go overboard and forget what itis. It's a horror film that is light on scares but heavy on thoughtsand brains. There's no real scares. The big scare is putting yourselfin the shoes of the ghost. What would you do if you had to witness yourloved one go through grief and you couldn't do anything about it? Youcouldn't comfort them. You couldn't hold them. You could just watch.What if the person you loved moved on from you? What if they forgetyou? These questions are what made A Ghost Story scary for me. Thelevel of helplessness that the film portrays is horrifying enough toremind audiences that death is still scary.Overall, the film is an experimental ghost story that shows Lowry intop form both as a writer and a director. The crass nature of realityis that death is lonely and he captures that perfectly. While many whotake a look at the poster will certainly think that the film is justanother horror movie trying to capitalize on some paranormal money, AGhost Story is much more than that. It is beautiful to watch, heartwrenching to experience and an absolute delight cinematically.