This movie is simultaneously not for everyone, while also trying todemand everyone's attention. That statement may confuse some people, soplease listen closely if you're intrigued, because this review if goingto be about me gushing on how incredible this film is. Whole criticsseem to general love this film, average moviegoers seem to be prettydivisive on this film in retrospect. Personally, I completely see howmany would be bored or turned off by this film, so whether or not youlike this film is up to you. Personally, this film opened my mind inways I wasn't expecting and I found myself in a state of transfixionwhen the credits began to role. So, this review will definitely leanheavily on a recommendation to everyone, but please be advised that thefilm itself is absolutely not for everyone. Now that I have that out ofthe way, let's dive in. As a couple is about to move out of their first house onto bigger andbetter things, the husband (Casey Affleck) dies in a tragic accident.The film then follows the wife (Rooney Mara) as she copes with herloss. The husband returns in ghost form, walking around the halls ofthe house, watching her every move, stating that people really do watchover us after they die. This premise is fantastic, but the visualsthemselves and the way the movie is constructed is what I feel may turnmany people off. Coming off cheap by literally having the husbanddressed in a bed sheet, the movie may seem cheesy to some, but that'snot the point of it at all. From long takes of people sitting alone ina room to time travel in order to open viewers mind's, this movie takesmany risks, but I think they are all genius in their own right ifyou're in the proper mood when watching this film. Going from many short films, to independent features, to a bigblockbuster in last year's Pete's Dragon, director David Lowrey hasbeen all over the business, so it was pretty clear that this was apassion project for him, and that the amount of viewers this filmgained didn't matter to him in the slightest. I think this was the bestway to make a movie like this, because only the most hardcore film fanswill probably discover it, which is where I feel it's best suitedanyways. There is so much symbolism about the meaning of life and whichaspects of it really matter the most, but I feel as though many viewerswon't catch on. Once again, if you're in the right mindset and are opento literally anything, then I believe you'll have the same reaction tothis film that I did. Many viewers like being able to relate to a character when they speakto someone and open up about themselves, but this film is very far fromanything like that. There are stretches of the film that can last up to30 minutes without a single word being spoken, leaving it up to yourinterpretation on how they're feeling or what they're thinking. This isa very lonely-feeling film that you need to be relaxed and open-mindedabout. In my opinion, when a film can show you a piece of imagery andhave you understand what a character is going through, what they'rethinking, all while giving you a sincere look at our planet as a whole,when it's accomplishing everything it set out to do, and then some.Simply put, sometimes showing things to an audience is much morepowerful than having it explained. In the end, A Ghost Story is strangely enough one of the most powerfulexperiences you'll be able to see an all of 2017. Now, there isn't muchdialogue, so you really have to pay attention and think about everypiece of imagery, but if you're willing to do that, then I believe youwill have a terrific experience as well. If you're not into this filmafter the first 10-20 minutes then you're either not in the rightmindset or it's just not for you, which I completely understand. Manypeople will hate this movie, but I believe the message itself is worthwaiting for alone. A Ghost Story is easily one of my favourite films ofthe year and I can't wait to watch it multiple times