Director David Lowery has done something more than just a little trickyin A Ghost Story. By shoving Oscar winner Casey Affleck into a tutu andcovering his face with a white bedsheet complete with fitted eyeholes,he takes an age-old image and gives it new meaning. The premise of theghost is absurd, a cheap Halloween costume that can be assembled inminutes with a pair of old scissors, and yet Lowery pushes on throughsheer persistence, and eventually we stop giggling, and are left tocontemplate in the silence. The first moments of the ghost's existenceshow off the film's mastery of its early tone, a jet-black, deadpanhumour that eventually descends into poignancy. The shot lingers on hiscorpse on the hospital bed, quietly in mourning, and then as if he wasa player in a schlocky Undertaker wrestling bit, he lurches back tolife and glances around at this obvious error in management.Bewildered, he shuffles down the corridor, unseen by the staff andmortal world. Then at the tunnel of light that tries to reclaim him, hepauses, as if considering all the unfinished business he still has onthis earth, and offers a casual "No thanks". Of course he refuses the call. Lowery captures the film's events withno more than a few dozen complete shots, favouring slow pan reveals andlong takes which allow the actors the space to settle into theirscenes, and their body language to flourish. Few directors, least ofall those who had just completed a Disney blockbuster, would shoot withthis much patience, allowing time to slowly bleed out. But it makes formoments of such genuine, lived-in human emotion, the foremost of thosean early overhead shot of the main couple snuggling up in bed. If twopeople could be physically any closer I haven't seen it, as Mara andAffleck drink each other up, establishing a strong case for the ghost'srefusal to say goodbye to the home which housed that intimacy. Anotherof Lowery's unbroken takes drew praise at Sundance, but may be a littlemore grating for the mainstream audience; five long minutes consistingsolely of Mara attacking and devouring a pie in her post-mortem grief,then stumbling over to the toilet to vomit it all out. The moment isstripped of all artifice, Mara's M laid bare and exposed for all tosee, the scraping and chewing of her desperate attempt to feelsomething ringing through the room. Lowery had previous worked with the pair in Ain't Them Bodies Saints, amodern Texan riff on the Bonnie and Clyde dynamic that was stylised asMalick-lite, sparse on narrative momentum and pieced together throughwhispered, magic-hour memories. Although drawing from some veryfamiliar sources, it worked; I admired the structural cohesion of afilm consisting of two separate strands (sans the cheesy moment whereAffleck peeks through the window into his former home), which togetherformed a portrait of two lovers doomed always to seek out each other.What Lowery has done here is far more novel, stripping away all but themost functional of dialogue, and like an old fashioned silent film,letting universal motions tell his story. The image of a spirit in asheet scratching feebly at paint is amusing until it's not, a cosmicfarce of tragic proportions, the universe playing a mean joke on amourner. Lowery finds his own style, going low budget and self-funding. The film is boxed through a 1.33:1 aspect ratio with vignettedframes, and cinematographer Andrew Palermo throws soft haze throughevery interior so the entire experience is like flicking through adusty book of old photographs, intimate and intrusive all at the sametime.I think where the film ultimately falters is when Lowery is forced todeclare his intentions in a monologue mid-way, a move which has beendubbed pretentious by some, but also operates equally well as a slap inthe face of the ghost's existence. The script sneaks the speech underthe guise of a stoner's drunken party monologue but subconsciouslygives it enough thematic heft by allocating so much of its preciousscreen time; it is the sheer obnoxiousness of Lowery's musings spillingout for all to hear, especially after about an hour long mood poem.Even with the sly irony of the whole situation, with an immortal spiritstanding right there contradicting his nihilistic ramblings, it's tooon the nose. Between that and the tendency to dissolve from domesticinteriors to intergalactic nebula, the whole thing is too obvious, toowanting. Lowery doesn't have to go cosmic to sell us on the tragedy ofour limited time. See how M and C hold each other. They already know.