If you prefer a movie rich with dialogue, A Ghost Story is not for you.There is very little speaking throughout the movie. Only one scenefeatures much talking and it's not even a conversation. One manlaunches into a lengthy, detailed monologue about the infinite size ofthe universe and our relative insignificance within it. The manbelieves that the speech is profound and laudable, but in reality itsounds like something a college kid would say while high at a party.The gist of the man's speech expresses that the universe is too vastfor any of us to truly leave a legacy when we die. The ghost (played byCasey Affleck) is especially compelled by this speech because he hasjust died and is now especially compelled by things concerning hislegacy.The ghost observes what he cared about most while he was alive. Hehaunts his house. He observes his wife, struggling to watch herstruggle to cope with his death. He wants desperately to comfort her,but cannot. It's heartbreaking.In addition to heartbreak, this movie evokes many other feelings:warmth, humor, boredom. Boredom comes up a lot. For every genuinelybeautiful and moving moment of the movie, there is at least fiveminutes of emptiness. The runtime is short, just over 90 minutes, butit feels longer and could easily have been trimmed by 20 minutes.One scene in particular that involves a pie seems to drag on for atleast four days, even though it actually only lasts four minutes. Inthe moment, the scene is likely unbearable to many viewers. I plead foryour patience. Do your best to empathize. Think about how you wouldfeel in the situation. Do this, and the scene becomes haunting andpowerful.That's probably the best way to sum up the movie?many scenes may feelboring if given little thought, but are actually deeply moving if givenhonest consideration. Not all scenes fit this description?some, nomatter how much your squint, are just extended moments of vapidemptiness. The emptiness outnumbers the deeply moving by about 2:1, sothis movie requires patience and commitment. The movie contains noconflict, only contemplation and some glorious music.If that sounds like enough for you, give this movie a chance. But fairwarning: if you bore easily this movie will feel like a waste of yourtime.