Thelma (2017) is a Norwegian drama/mystery/romance/thriller directed byJoachim Trier. This film is Mr. Trier's fourth feature lengthdirectorial effort, he also co-wrote the screenplay. the film follows ayoung woman named Thelma who begins to fall in love with another womanand soon discovers that she has magical powers.the camera work in this film Is very slick for the majority of thefilm. the composition of the frames are very well thought out andpleasing to the eye. at times though the hand-held camera segments canbecome distracting. especially when you've warmed up to the crisp andsteady dolly shots and then transition into some shaky hand-heldscenes. this however does not ruin the experience. visually, this filmis very well put together.the lead performance is another standout element of the film. EiliHarboe as Thelma is absolutely magnificent. she commands the screenwhen she has to. the film isn't super reliant on dialogue so throughoutmany of the most important scenes Miss Harboe must conjure up someserious emotion and does so with ease. the inner struggle of hercharacter is expertly communicated through her physically captivatingperformance. all of the supporting actors and actresses do a fine jobas well, but clearly, Eili Harboe steals the show here. the film wouldnot be as good as it is if her performance wasn't as good as it was.Thelma's character go's through a serious inner battle with herselfwhen it comes to her own sexuality and her religious beliefs that arebasically forced upon her by her family. this conflict is beautifullycaptured on screen in a VISUAL way. some directors forget that film ismostly a visual art form, but Joachim Trier understands this without adoubt. his use of visuals to communicate conflict are brilliant andartistic.the only real flaw I can think of when talking about this film is thefinal act. it seems like it heads in the right direction, then takes asudden dive into a difficult conclusion that for me was hard toswallow.overall though, Thelma is one of the finest films I've seen all year.The Verdict: 9.0/10