Cinema has always been guilty of hard selling love with the passion oflife and death far too often. It's as if any form of love can't bemoderate, it has to be all blood and glory all the time. While that'scertainly an easy way of selling the notion, real life relationshipsare a completely different ball-game all together. Seldom do realpeople kill or be killed for love. Mostly they're just confused. Mostlylove happens, goes away or stays without saying much, without thedramatic brouhaha. That's what Tanuja Chandra's Qarib Qarib Singlle isall about. An unlikely couple make a big transition from online datingto travelling together. They have a spectacular and very funny trip.Their travelogue and bittersweet repartee make this movie so authenticand entertaining. This romantic comedy's insights into relationshipsboth modern and conventional is just fantastic.The story kicks off as Jaya (Parvathy) and Yogi (Irrfan Khan) meetthrough a dating website. The initial friction and contrast inpersonalities is soon overshadowed by interest and intrigue. He's theloud mouth North Indian while she's the classy South Indian who has ahandle on social etiquette. He can't stop bragging about his exes whileshe quietly mopes around from losing her husband to the army.Outrageously they decide to visit all of Yogi's exes and find out ifthere's any truth to his tall claims. Her ulterior motives are revealeda bit later and that's when things get a but dramatic as expected.The best part of Qarib Qarib Singlle is that it makes a big play on thecentral relationship with an outlandish situation. Which girl in herright mind will agree to travel to 3 different cities with a relativestranger? But Jaya does it and that journey becomes the acid test forboth Yogi and Jaya to find out what the other person is all about. Thisslightly far-fetched but well-executed journey is the heart and soul ofthe film. Two distinct and seemingly incompatible individuals learn toappreciate and love the quirks of the other. And of course discoveringa part of their own feelings through some really hilarious dialogue andexperiences.Irrfan doesn't ever disappoint with his acting efforts in a film, butwith Qarib Qarib Singlle he's not just living up to his usualstandards, he's busting the myths too. You don't need dapper lads withwashboard abs and pretty faces to sell a romcom, a spirited 40-year-oldcan do the same with élan too. The way he makes Yogi a fun-lovingcharacter is just fantastic. His comic timing and eccentricities makethis movie a treat. Parvathy brings a freshness and zest to Jaya'scharacter. Whether she's breaking the fourth wall or instilling thefilm with indelible charm, the young actress adds zing to the film.Together Irrfan and Parvathy may look like an odd-couple but theireffortless chemistry and the off-kilter romance works magic in thisfilm.The best moments of Qarib Qarib Singlle are the most understated andsublime ones. There are no 'jeene marne ki qasamein' no drama, just acasual, simple and very refreshing romance that says a lot without mucheffort. With solid writing and great performances, a perfect ambianceof Tinder-driven modern courtship this is definitely one of the bestfilms of director Tanuja Chandra's career. A light but spectacularlyadroit romantic comedy.