There's enough reviews here to show how enjoyable and entertaining thismovie is, but I had to put my own word in...I simply love this movie. I watched it with my parents when I was veryyoung, and have been watching it constantly ever since. It's a movie thatIjust can't seem to grow tired of. For one, I absolutely love the medievalfantasy genre, both in books and movies. From a small child I've lovedknights, castles, dragons. the whole sort. This movie, quite simply, putsthe viewer into an imaginative world where everything seems real. Second,the characters are so enjoyable to watch, you really begin to feel forthem- all of them. Even humperdink, whose name does him justice, gets pity atthe end. Lastly, the grandfather's list of the qualities of the book atthevery beginning are all true... this story has everything. That is why itissuch a classic, when everything comes down to it. From the moving lovestorybetween Wesly and Buttercup, to the dynamic and brilliantly scripted duelbetween the Man in Black and Indigo, to even the hilarious bickering fromVezinni to his lovable giant, Fezzik... This movie finds a place toincludeEVERYTHING one can imagine.  The story moves along at a great pace, andyoufeel as though the whole land has been covered when the book is closed.Furthermore, the whole conception of using the "telling a story" approachdoesn't taken away from the realism of the story, but raises it even morebyshowing how mesmerized the boy is, listening to the tale - just as we are,in front of the screen.Maybe it was how I was captivated to the screen, watching it as a child...Maybe it was how I'd pop the movie in and turn a boring Sunday afternoonanexciting adventure as I grew up... Or maybe it's how I can sit down withfriends and all enjoy the movie together, laughing at its funny parts, andcheering at it's exciting moments. The movie has a place in my heart, andthat will never go away. A "10" on the scale, and even these words, can'tbegin to tell how much I love this movie.