There are very few movies out there that are as mystical as this onehere, and the movies I have seen that are mystical only show dragons.In today's world dragons seem to be more popular than unicorns,unicorns have always been a symbol of love and purity just like whitedoves have.When I first saw this as a child at seven or eight I never found itdark, and this is what I have read in other comments that it seems toodark for children. Maybe not all children will understand the movie,although many children such as myself when I was young loved unicornsand dwarfs and even trolls. So what is so dark about the movie, I'vewatched far worse movies that I see children watching and being afraidof? The opening of the movie was beautiful with the bear wanderingabout and the waterfall, it looked like a pure fantasy like forest withplenty of sunlight.The trolls make up was well done, I'll definitelysay Blix's make up. His curved beak like nose and the scowl on hisface, even the pig troll was well done, he looked as if he was halfhuman and half pig almost like a centaur.The Dark Lord his make up was truly excellent, many people always seethe devil as having hooves and a furry body from the waist down. Idon't remember seeing a tail on him though, no matter the bright redbody and the frightening face made him look like a real Satan. In anyfantasy movie with a demon or devil that is how many people portraythem to look. Tim Curry did a great job voicing him and in his acting,not all actors that play dark parts sound as dark as Tim Curry did inthis movie.Whatever breed of horses played the unicorns, it was a good choice theycaught the eyes of many horse lovers. I believe they were Andalusians,if they are not please correct me. When unicorns are portrayed inpaintings or movies they always make the horn look as if it's a stackof rings, in this movie the horns looked as if they could be real. Theydidn't glow, it wasn't solid gold it just looked real which made themovie look as if this world could exist in our past.The music had to have been my favorite, it was mystical and it made mefeel as if I was right in the movie. And when the music is that goodthan it means the movie was well done, the special effects, thecharacters and the directing was all wonderfully done. Too bad therearen't more movies like this today.