I'm sure that if Tony Scott ever imagined his 1986 blockbuster Top Gunwould be taught in Film Studies curriculums, it would not be under the'ironic/alternative/reappropriated viewing' week. Indisputably, thefilm's slick, macho posturing is now legendarily lampooned/revered as aclassic of unintentional(?) homoerotic camp, and more lampooned thanrevered for its glibly brazen patriotism, militarism, and daftlymonolithic cold war politics. Nonetheless, there is a moment, after thedeluge of plane-porn, shirtless, oily volleyball romps, curiouslylizard-like makeout sessions, repetitive musical cues that appearblatantly designed for comedy, and endless discussion of "hard-ons",where even the most sophisticatedly distanciated viewer is likely tohave the gall to stop and think, "Gee whiz ? this movie is actuallykind of fun. Like, fun-fun, not just 'I'm-laughing-because-it's-so-ridiculously-hyperbolic' fun. What is happening? Tom Cruise, how haveyou bewitched me so with your voodoo magic and dazzling, Cheshire-catgrin?!" This, surely, is the 'danger zone' Kenny Loggins keeps sohelpfully cautioning us against. Yes ? begrudgingly as it may be, the Simpson/Bruckheimer mystique isinfectious, greasy-beer-ad-reminiscent as it may be. Even nearly thirtyyears on, the film's MTV-flashiness is energizing, the flying sequencesremain exciting, and even the ra-ra-military propaganda throughout issomewhat cute in its hokiness (bear in mind how unironic an enlistmenttool the film served as to return to the solemn world ofpooh-pooh-hood). And, despite spawning decades of jeering, patriarchalfrat-boy morons and lazy Halloween costumes alike, it's virtuallyimpossible not to be won over by The Cruiser's million-dollar grin, sohypnotically charismatic that even his smarmy swagger starts to (fairlydisturbingly) become strangely seductive. Bonus points to Val Kilmer tosomehow cobbling an iconic codename (I've lost count of how manyICEMANs have bested me at laser tag through the years) out of a lazy,moralizing drawl, Kelly McGillis for somehow remaining sassy instead ofsappy, Meg Ryan for somehow remaining on the right side of annoying,and Anthony Edwards for stealing all the best (unironic) lines asadorably subservient perennial wingman Goose. Also, playing 'spot-the-Tim-Robbins' is always good for a lark. Yes, Top Gun will 'take your breath away', whether from laughing,genuine enrapture, or a bashful mix of both. If nothing else, the filmremains an essential piece of cinema history for evidently discouragingSir Cruisealot from taking part in a movie musical after hiscringeworthy karaoke bout here (at least until Rock of Ages, which isloathsome for reasons far beyond him). Danger, danger, Pete Mitchell. -6/10