Generation after generation will continue to love this splendid film,just as many previous generations have enjoyed this movie in the past!!(The principle reason for me bastardizing one of this movie's famousquotes) "Casablanca" has, undeniably, withstood the test of time!! Thisfilm evokes a romantic humanism into the thick of World War II!!!Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman are magnificent as the tormentedlove interest duo who do not seem to be able to piece everythingtogether, they just know they love each other, and more importantly,something clicks!!! Originally, Ronald Reagan and Ann Sheriden werecast for the roles of Rick and Ilsa, as it turns out, you cannotimagine any two other people besides Humphry Bogart and Ingrid Bergmanfor the roles!! These two performers exude more of a continentalflair!! The American fascination for this flick is thoroughlyjustified!! Winning the academy award for best picture in 1943,"Casablanca" was just one of the many movies in the late 1930's andearly 1940's which epitomized an era for excellent movies!! Based onthe book "Everybody Comes To Ricks", Hal B. Wallis produces this filmwith a flawless orchestration!! The place, Casablanca, becomes acitadel of despondence and despair for so many people, yet for Rick andIlsa, (Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman) the situation is tailor madefor a passionate redemption!! Max Steiner encompasses a necessarynostalgia with the music in this film. "As Time Goes By" (made in 1931)became enormously popular with this movie!! The whole scene is set upwhereby Paris becomes a venue for unprecedented and wondrousromanticism!! "Casablanca" is, without question, one of the greatestmovies ever made!! You must remember this, a movie is just a movie!!Unless!! It is the movie of all time; "Casablanca"!! I will see"Casablanca" over and over and over again and never be tired of it!!EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE!! I guarantee you, you will not bedisappointed!!! This film has 6 of the top 100 famous quotes in thehistory of all American film making!! Humphrey Bogart and Marlon Brandomay lay claim to the most quotes from this list. Many colloquialismsfrom "Casablanca" have fallen within the realm of popular modern dayjargon!! This website ranks "Casablanca" 11th best picture out of thetop 250. AFI (American Film Institue) ranks "Casablanca" the secondbest American film ever made. I feel this is very impressive!! You willtruly marvel at this film, in fact, if you do not think "Casablanca" isnot one of the greatest films you have ever seen, I will be utterlyamazed!!! AN ALL TIME MOVIE CLASSIC!!!!!!