Legend (1985) Starring: Tom Cruise, Mia Sara, Tim Curry, David Bennent,Alice Playten, Billy Barty, Cork Hubbert, Peter O'Farrell, Kiran Shah,Annabelle Lanyon, Robert Picardo, Tina Martin, Ian Longmur, Mike Crane,Liz Gilbert, Eddie Powell, and Mike Edmonds Directed By: Ridley ScottReview (Directors Cut) THERE MAY NEVER BE ANOTHER DAWN ADVENTURE HASGOT YOUR BACK After his success with Alien and Blade Runner RidleyScott wanted to do a fairy tale movie. Ridley Scott hired writerWilliam Hjortsberg, being a fan of his work. Ridley Scott credit asidefrom direction was that he mostly wanted there to be a unicorn and forthe villain to be named Darkness. Legend revolves around Jack who muststop Darkness, for darkness plans to kill the second unicorn so that hemay come out of his dungeon. Princess Lily was shown the unicorns byJack, she touched one and has unwittingly led the unicorn to its deathdue to her innocence. She is kidnapped with the second unicorn, now herfriend Jack with the help of Gump and screwball must save the unicornand her or the land may plunge into an eternal darkness. They shot thisfilm in a 007 stage in pinewood studios so they could achieve thelighting for Scott's vision, the trees are mostly made out of plastoidStyrofoam and the set was extended with mirrors. The direction andproduction are what help make this movie give it that enchantingfairy-tale feel. Ridley even brought the fairy-tale genre back to itsroots with this film in the beginning when we meet Jack and Lilly thelighting which he wanted shows the child-like innocence within mostfairy-tales you see in Disney films but as the film progresses it showsoff its dark and Grimm aesthetics. Assheton Gordon's (productiondesigner) set also had real tress and birds, with the noise inside itmade it so difficult to record the dialogue and so some of the lineshad to be dubbed which can be off putting for some people but it didn'tbother me because when it is quite noticeable in the scene in whichLily is crying her facial expression says it all. But it did not workin Tom's favor when he was with the wounded unicorn. Mia Sara and TimCurry as Princess Lily and Darkness are my two favoriteactors/characters in the film. At one point the stage caught fire andthe 007 stage burnt down. Luckily it was rebuilt in 1985. The story isvery simple and is full of action, adventure, horror, romance andsuspense. The movie mostly focuses on Jack, Lily, and Darkness as youcan imagine by my synopsis. There are four cuts to this film, this isthe only I have or ever will see. Because it doesn't contain thetangerine dream musical score and Darkness is hidden throughout most ofthe movie making his reveal that much more of a surprise. Rob Bottinwho worked on the Thing 1982 had the difficult task of visualizing allthe creatures in the world of Legend. Ridley wanted the character ofDarkness to be sexy but also half goat, Rob felt there hadn't been adefinitive version of the devil on screen and he clearly succeed withhis creation. this is my favorite of his work. If anything because ofhow intimidating Tim was behind all that makeup. The music of the filmis quite lovely and creates a transcendent and child-like feel for thefilm. Jerry Goldsmith's that is, I did not hear the tangerine dreammusic. But if there is one piece of music from the theatrical cut ofthis film that I did listen to its Bryan Ferry's "Is Your Love StrongEnough". I saw it on the back of the cover under bonus features and wascurious by the song title and Gave it a listen. I love that song, itmay be, no it is my favorite love song. Legend in my eyes is amasterpiece, while I may agree it has weakness's the film is a deeplyentrancing experience that make up for what I consider to be theultimate fantasy film. I know for a fact that this is a film I will bere-visiting very often and I do recommend you give it a watch (bothversions) but decide which version is your favorite. I'm giving Legenda 10 out of 10.