I just watched Casablanca last night, and it's one of the greatest films Ihave ever seen in my life. Everything about it is great. For one, it is oneof the most gripping love stories ever to hit the screens, and its romanticdrama has rarely been matched since it was made. Same goes for the acting,which is some of the finest in film history. All of this and more will puttogether one of the greatest movies you will ever see.Period.Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart) is an ex-freedom fighter who now runs anightclub in Casablanca, a place filled entirely with French refugeesseeking unauthorized transit passes so they can escape to America. VictorLaszlo (Paul Henreid), who is at the top of the Nazi most wanted list, comesto Casablanca with his wife Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman), a former lover of Blainewho departed him when the Nazis overtook Paris. She wants her husband toescape, but her love for Rick re-ignites, and she wants to stay inCasablanca. However, things become more dangerous for the Laszlos, anddespite their revived love for each other, Rick convinces Ilsa that she mustleave with her husband. He then sees her off on a plane on a fog-enshroudedrunway in one of the greatest movie conclusions of all time.There are so many moments, many of which will forever be unforgotten, inCasablanca that stand out even when compared to greater or bigger films.Every scene is gripping, like when Rick has a flashback to his romantictimes with Ilsa in Paris while piano player Sam (Dooley Wilson) plays "AsTime Goes By", or when Rick walks out onto the runway and tells Capt.Renault (Claude Rains), "Louis, I think this could be the start of abeautiful friendship". But these invincible moments obviously don't needretelling, for almost everyone knows of them. As for the timeless cast,Humphrey Bogart is simply stunning as the leading man. The class, drama, andbrilliance in his performance are impossible to match, although there havebeen countless attempts to try to surpass it. Ingrid Bergman is simplygorgeous, and contributes a performance that's worth cheering for. In fact,all of the performances in this movie will have you cheering.This is the kind of film that many other Hollywood movies have followed thefootsteps of, yet probably very few have rivaled or suprassed. In anutshell, Casablanca is a sweeping classic that will leave you breathless.From Humphrey Bogart's classy acting to the great ending, there is not aflaw to speak of. In the battle of the ultimate classics, it's not as goodas Citizen Kane (despite a higher star rating, but star ratings don't speakall of the volumes in my book). But it's still a fantastic movie. Watch itand enjoy it. `Here's looking at you kid!'***** out of *****  