When this came out in 1978, I had just hit my teens, so just about theright age to enjoy it. But I never understood the appeal, even then. Aseries of 1950s pastiche songs permanently in the charts made this thelast film in the world I'd want to see. It was one of thoseinexplicable and inescapable pop culture phenomena which annoyed thehell out of everyone who was not enraptured by it.Seeing it for the first time all these years later, I have tried totake as unprejudiced a view as I can. I have tried to watch it a fewtimes before, but always found it leaden and predictable. The music isnot the only cliché-ridden thing in it, indeed it consists of nothingmore than a series of 1950s clichés strung together. Two rival gangs(safely sanitised naturally). A school dance. A drive-in movie. A carrace. Looks like the authors watched Rebel Without A Cause and WestsideStory and blended them together. Minus any of the threat inherent inthose works of course. Danny's gang sound and act like Top Cat's gangfrom the 70s cartoon.It might be said that these things have become 50s clichés because theywere so prevalent at the time. Fair enough. But these scenes have noorganic connection with each other. You just feel the writers say "whatshall we do now? I know, let's have a song about a t-bird, they hadthose in the 50s." Nothing has any real consequence in this film nor isthere any character development. One girl has unprotected sex and for atime thinks she's pregnant. Then it turns out she's not. Yippee.Sandy wants to be respected by Danny. But has a volte-face after seeinghim win a car race. She then turns into the local skank and comes ontohim, which would drive most men to run a mile. Its lucky this is set inthe 1950s when the worst vice was smoking; if it were set today, shewould turn into a crack whore.All of this could be countered with the fact that this is not a plot orcharacter driven film but a musical, and the plot merely exists to hanga series of set pieces on. After all many musicals of Hollywood'sgolden age have laughable plots merely designed to frame spectacularsong and dance routines. So that brings us back to the quality of thesongs themselves. Are they good enough that we can overlook the film'sobvious faults? Well "Summer nights" and "You're the one that I want"are good songs and produce the most memorable scenes. There is nothingspectacular or even inventive about them in the manner of old Fred andGinger numbers, however. The other songs are largely forgettable but Ido like the production "beauty school dropout" which is the mostimaginative thing in the film.Worst of all is the title track which stands out like a sore thumb. Itis a disco-era song, completely at variance with the rest of the music.And its lyrics are incomprehensible. "Grease is the time, is the place,is the motion and grease is the way we are feeling" would rank high asthe most mindless ever written.Ultimately this is very non-threatening entertainment. Agreeable enoughbut it says a lot about public taste that something so derivative hasbeen such a sensational and so widely imitated.