Sunday, November the 20th is the anniversary of Marcel Dalio's death in1983. It was the end of a serendipitous life. You know him. He was acitizen of the world. Born Israel Moshe Blauschild, in Paris, in 1900,he became a much sought-after character actor. His lovely animated facewith its great expressive eyes became familiar across Europe. Heappeared in Jean Renoir's idiosyncratic Rules of the Game, and GrandIllusion, arguably the greatest of all films. True to his Frenchman'sheart, he married the very young, breathtaking beauty Madeleine LeBeau.He worked with von Stroheim and Pierre Chenal. He had it all.But then the Germans crushed Poland, swept across Belgium and pressedon toward Paris. He waited until the last possible moment and finally,with the sound of artillery clearly audible, with Madeleine, fled in aborrowed car to Orleans and then, in a freight train, to Bordeaux andfinally to Portugal. In Lisbon, they bribed a crooked immigrationofficial and were surreptitiously given two visas for Chile. But onarriving in Mexico City, it was discovered the visas were rankforgeries. Facing deportation, Marcel and Madeleine found themselvesmaking application for political asylum with virtually every country inthe western hemisphere. Weeks passed until Canada finally issued themtemporary visas and they left for Montreal.Meanwhile, France had fallen and, in the process of subjugating thecountry, the Germans had found some publicity stills of Dalio. A seriesof posters were produced and were then displayed throughout the citywith the caption 'a typical Jew' so that citizens could more easilyreport anyone suspected of unrepentant Jewishness. The madnesscontinued. 'Entree des artistes', a popular film, was ordered re-editedso that Dalio's scenes could be deleted and re-shot with another,non-Jewish, actor.After a short time, friends in the film industry arranged for them toarrive in Hollywood. Nearly broke, Marcel was immediately put to workin a string of largely forgettable films. Madeleine, a budding actressin her own right, was ironically cast in 'Hold Back the Dawn', avehicle for Charles Boyer with a plot driven by the efforts of anémigré (Boyer) trying desperately to cross into the United States fromMexico. But the real irony was waiting at Warner Brothers.In early 1942, Jack Warner was driving production of a film based on aone act play, 'Everybody Comes to Rick's' but had no screenplay. Whathe had was a mishmash of treatments loosely based on the play and twoprevious movies. But he had a projected release date and a commitmentto his distributors to have a movie for that time slot and little else.Warner Brothers started to wing it.Shooting started without a screenplay and little plot. Principalplayers were cast and a director hired but casting calls for supportingroles and bit players continued and sometime in the early spring MarcelDalio and Madeleine LeBeau were cast as, respectively, a croupier and aromantic entanglement for the male lead. Veteran screen-writers werehired to produce a running screenplay, sometimes delivering pages ofdialogue one day, for scenes to be shot the following day. No one knewexactly where the plot would go or how the story would turn out. No onewas sure of the ending. And, of course, they produced a classic,perhaps the finest American movie.They produced a screenplay of multiple genres, rich withcharacterizations, perfectly in tune with the unfolding events inEurope and loaded with talent from top to bottom. Oh, and they changedthe title to 'Casablanca'.It is so well known, that many lines of long-memorized dialogue havepassed into the slang idiom. 'We'll always have Paris', 'I wasmisinformed', 'Here's looking at you, kid', ' I am shocked! Shocked! Tofind that there's gambling going on in here!', 'Louis, I think this isthe beginning of a beautiful friendship', 'Oh he's just like any otherman, only more so', 'I don't mind a parasite. I object to a cut-rateone', 'Round up the usual suspects', and, of course, the oft quoted,apocryphal, 'Play it again, Sam'.Madeleine LeBeau plays Yvonne, the jilted lover of Humphrey Bogart, whois seen drowning her sorrows at the bar early in the film and wholater, to get back at Rick and looking for solace takes up with aGerman officer finding only self-hatred. She is luminous.And when Claude Rains delivers the signature line, 'I'm shocked!Shocked! To find that there's gambling going on in here!' the croupier,Emil, played by Marcel Dalio, approaches from the roulette table andsays simply, 'Your winnings, sir.' It is a delicious moment ripe withscripted irony, one among many in this film, but one made all the moreso, knowing where Dalio came from and what he and his wife had enduredto arrive at that line.I have often wondered exactly when they saw the final script or if theyonly realised the many parallels to their own lives when the film wasreleased.Alas, they separated and divorced the next year, both going on to longsuccessful careers. Dalio never remarried.Late in his career, when Mike Nichols was looking for a vaguelyfamiliar face to deliver a long and worldly, near-monologue inCatch-22, he turned to Dalio. Faced with a hopelessly idealistic youngAmerican pilot, Dalio, as simply 'old man in whore house', in tightclose-up, delivers a discourse on practical people faced withimpractical circumstances, of the virtues of expedience in the face ofamorality . Using his wonderful plastic features, now beginning to sag,in a voice full of melancholy, the old man reassures the young man thatregardless of what 'grand themes' may be afoot in the world, in theend, little matters but survival.