I'm not exactly sure what exactly it is that makes The Princess Bride such aspectacular film. Or, at the very least, I just can't pinpoint a singlecharacteristic about it that really rises above all others as the mainreason that no one should miss it. Indeed, it has a title that should proveto be remarkably uninteresting to the typical action adventure fan (okay,MALE action adventure fan), but even the most die-hard Die Hard fan wouldlove this film. It is extremely important not to judge this film justbecause it has such a flowery and dangerously (at the risk of soundingshallow) girly name, because it is full of wonderful adventure and even somegood killing and violence. Does this belong in this kind of romantic comedy?Absolutely! The cover box of the film looks like that of a cheesy romancenovel, but the film is truly great from start to finish. And, indeed, thefilm is very aware of the superficial impression that it leaves, and it evenpresents it directly through Fred Savage's initial response to hisgrandfather reading him the story. But as the film goes on, we begin to havethe same reaction that Fred has. We can't get enough. Cary Elwes delivers by far the most outstanding performance of his career asWestley, the love-struck servant to Buttercup, a beautiful blonde womanliving in a misty romantic fantasy world. Sadly, Elwes' later career hasbeen punctuated by roles that do not serve him well, especially after such astunning performance in this role. Liar Liar and Twister come immediately tomind. Robin Wright also gives one of the best performances of her career inher film debut here as Princess Buttercup, but the real quality of theperformances that makes the movie so great is the fact that they were ableto pack the film full of comic relief (it was nearly nonstop from start tofinish) without taking anything away from the tension or the overallrespectability of the film. It is interesting to consider the polar oppositeeffect of the comic relief on the vast majority of the James Bond films.Wallace Shawn is absolutely hilarious as Vizzini, the bonehead villain whois completely convinced that he has the whole world figured out, Andre theGiant delivers a lumbering but highly impressive performance as Vizzini'senormous, idiot sidekick, and by far my favorite of all, Mandy Patinkincreates one of the most entertaining and likeable characters created in afilm in the entire decade of the 1980s (`My name is Inigo Montoya. Youkilled my father. Prepare to die!').  This is great stuff. Told as a story read from a book, just like TheNeverending Story, The Princess Bride provides a magical mix of romance andfantasy and action and comedy to provide an enormously entertaining film formoviegoers of all ages. The Princess Bride is an absolutely wonderful filmthat is truly not to be missed.