I thought I had seen a very rare few of the great movies that have beenmade. I now trust, I was right. SPOILERSCasablanca, a place of transit. People come, people go, like a river thatdoesn't stop to flow. The circumstances make Casablanca a very importantplace: France already invaded by the nazi troops, America seems the only wayto freedom. Humans reign that city, and humans always have two sides: a sentimental sideand a raw picture of themselves. Casablanca is a love story and it is a drama. It is not one of those lovestories we get to see nowadays...it is something special, where actuallylove does not really prevail. It shows that the individual sometimes has tosacrifice himself in order for humanity to win. Some people are capable ofsuch a sacrifice, others are not.Rick and Victor are quite the same kind of people, or at least would've beenif they had met sooner. Rick changed after Ilsa left him, and he lost hiswill to fight...probably because there wasn't anyone to support him, becauseIlsa wasn't with him. So, when he took the decision at the end he knew whyhe did that, and he sacrificed himself. He adapted himself to the life inCasablanca, and was doing well there...until Ilsa came along with herhusband...Ilsa was for him Paris, not Casablanca. His time with Ilsa was in Paris. Asshe left him, he was destroyed, but found the power to keep going. Sincethen he didn't seem a very friendly character, but he was a good heartedone. His "donation" for the young couple was an act of greatness, andthrough that he avoided any "less pleasent things" for the young lady.Victor is fighting for freedom, has suffered a lot, but knows to keep hisnerve. He has a great will, and psychical strength, and his role is of apretty great importance. There wasn't only the war all could see, there wasalso the war of the already conquered countries. This was a more difficultone, and for the ones who dared to take part in it, it usually meant death.The "poor" corrupted captain Renault, is a nice character. He is funny, andhe is the kind of guy who is on the side of those who have the power.Actually, that is quite cowardly, but he does his job pretty well. He's alsogot a sense of rightness, but until the end, his job is more important thanthat. He shows finally that he is a sentimentalist, and that he does knowwhat is right. His decision at the end isn't quite glorious, as he at firstwarns Strasser, but then, as there weren't any risks involved, he decides tokeep to Rick.The actors are just great, and the whole atmosphere of the movie is unique.You will feel your heart beat, you might fall in love with the characters,and you will feel the tense situations. This movie is definitely one of thebest I have ever seen, if not the actual best. In a world that hasn'tchanged much, where money still makes the laws, love is the thing that canmake you survive, and win your battles. This movie is touching...this movie is the only real romance movie I haveseen, and It showed to me that I was partly wrong asking myself why onlyolder movies are in some movie standings. 