Grease definitely has a fun energy to it, and all of the cast has greatchemistry. That's the main reason that this film, despite being nearly30 years old and set 20 years earlier than that, still manages toappeal to young people of today who laugh and have fun with it, and ofcourse, sing those timeless songs. So hats off to Grease for that.Now that being said: the movie is incredibly stupid! It's basically a90 minute episode of Happy Days or Saved By the Bell in which we followvarious plot lines in a high school, strung together by the fun songs.We're treated to such stupid dialog as: "This year, I don't take nocrap from nobody." "Yes, ma'am. No, ma'am." "Hey, it's Eugene!" In one plot line, Frenchy (who's a memorable character but dumber thana bag of nails) becomes a beauty school drop out. However, aside frombeing an excuse for Frankie Avalon to sing that song, the plot linegoes nowhere and she still magically graduates high school along sideeveryone else. Who knew it was so easy to drop out and get back in? But then there's the main plot line: two youths named Danny and Sandyfall in love one summer, which is just fine in the real world, but onceback in high school, they realize they're in different social cliques;he's a greaser and she's a goody-goody. Throughout the school yeartheir relationship takes several turns, before arriving at an absurdending in which all problems are magically solved by Sandy getting amakeover and becoming "cool." The message here is so superficial thatit's actually funny: "Give in to peer pressure and be whatever kind ofperson you need to be to make your boyfriend or girlfriend happy."Considering Sandy has been celibate through all of the movie till now,I think it's implied Danny will get a nice surprise that night; amessage to give to young girls, ha ha.So, to wrap up this little review, Grease certainly has its moments,and IS a well-made movie musical, or else it wouldn't have the audienceit does. It's a feel-good movie; it just has zero substance.