The 1980s were the golden age of the fantasy movie ? Excalibur (1981),The Dark Crystal (1982), Legend (1985), Willow (1988) and many others,sword-and-sorcery sagas for the blockbuster generation. But what thoseaforementioned pictures also had in common were high-production valuesand emphasis on aesthetics and stylisation. In some cases this was tohide the lack of a decent story. The Princess Bride by comparison is adecidedly minimalist affair, devoid of special effects (bar a bit ofpuppetry and prosthetics), atmospherics and big fight scenes. This is afantasy movie which must rely on other things for its appeal to theviewer.The Princess Bride, adapted by William Goldman from his own novel, isreally quite a light and simple story, more of a fairy tale than a workof what is normally called fantasy. Its world is too cosy and itsbaddies are not really evil enough to give it a sense of danger. Italso contains a fair few plot holes along the way. It is however savedby two cunning devices. First is the framing narrative whereby PeterFalk is reading the story to his cynical grandson. The grandson'sattitude pre-empts criticism, allowing the story to acknowledge theweakness of its own opening and challenge the nay-sayers to keepwatching. Secondly there is the constantly humorous angle, a wit in thewords that is often self-deprecating, and more irreverent than outrighthysterical. The humour is all within character, so not enough toclassify The Princess Bride as a spoof or even really a full-blowncomedy, but it prevents the viewer from laughing at the corniness ofthe movie, because it gives the impression that all along the movie ischuckling at itself.Conveniently enough, director Rob Reiner had a background in comedy,and part of his skill in this area was selecting good comedy actors.The Princess Bride provides great opportunities because it has a lot ofminor characters that aren't necessarily comical on paper but can bemade funny in the way an actor plays them. Because these parts could beinterpreted in a number of ways Reiner is more or less free as to whohe casts in which role, and he actually seems to have stacked them sothey get better and better as the movie progresses. First up is WallaceShawn, great at doing indignant pomposity. Then there's Mel Smith,rarely seen in films but a fine character player from his days in TVsketch shows. Then we come to Billy Crystal, whose act is a masterworkof timing, working brilliantly in tandem with a lively Carol Kane. Andfinally there is the brief cameo by Peter Cook, a model of decorum andpropriety? until he opens his mouth. Wonderful stuff.While we have the cream of the crop in the small parts, it seems thisproduction could not afford big stars for the leads, and we get toorelative unknowns as the heroic Westley and his eponymous princess.Someone may have had the idea that Cary Elwes would shape up to be amodern-day Errol Flynn. He certainly has the looks and can pull off aswashbuckling swagger, but he just doesn't have the necessary presenceor charisma, and it's no wonder he was picked mostly for supportingroles after this. Robin Wright is similarly bland, although to be fairdespite being the movie's namesake her character does not really have alot to do here. Better things can be said of Mandy Patinkin who bringsthe right blend of cheekiness and earnestness to his part (Inigo was myfavourite character when I saw this as a child). An honourable mentionmust also go to Andre the Giant who is surprisingly good consideringhe's a wrestler hired for his bulk. He struggles with the language butit's clear he was an intelligent and sensitive man.It is essentially all the little touches that make The Princess Bridewhat it is ? the wit, the quirkiness, the set-pieces. And yet, it beinga fantasy picture I do find myself wishing it had a little more of theglamour and spectacle with which its contemporaries were filled. It maywin out in the comedy stakes but it lacks the wonder and enchantment ofLabyrinth, Legend or The Dark Crystal, and thus it falls short ofbrilliance. This is a little picture that works well on its own terms,and belongs solidly in the category of good plain fun.