This is a film that MUST belong in every video collection in the U.S. is notin the world. The stories about it's making are legendary from the constantrewrites to the apocrypha of casting stories.What is amazing to me, and the reason I believe it holds audiences almostspellbound in successive viewings, is the connection with the horrors ofWorld War II was almost every single cast member.  Sidney Greenstreet hadlost a son in combat, and a number of the cast members fled Europe to escapethe ravages of a Hitler regime.  Even the evil Nazi character Major Strasser(played with relish by Conrad Veidt) had left Nazi Germany to escape  almostsure internment and possible death in a concentration camp. Here was a manwho was a legend in German film history as the murdering somnambulist (apossible warning about the Nazi soldiers to come?) and because of thevicious anti-Semitism and racism of the Germany of the '30s and '40s, we inAmerica and in Hollywood were given a great gift.Everyone in this film is fabulous, but it is the chemistry of Rick (Bogart)and Ilsa (Bergman) been truly holds the film together.  When I saw this filmalmost frame by frame in the limited book series of classic films that wereproduced in the late 1960s, I was stunned by the subtlety of facialexpressions that conveyed so much of Rick Blaine's character by a marvelousactor Humphrey Bogart.  There is a reason why he was named the actor of thecentury.While every person in the film becomes a real flesh and blood presence, thestory of Rick and Ilsa is the center of this cinema feast.I must confess that I have seen this picture so many times that I can reciteevery single line in the movie to the consternation of my wife who can'twatch it with me anymore. The line that sticks out the most for me, and which against cheers from NewYorkers whenever it plays in the theater.  It is when Bogart says to theNazis seated at his table, "There are parts of New York I wouldn't adviseyou to invade."  And what makes this line so memorable is that HumphreyBogart did indeed star in another motion picture for Warner Brothers wherethat very thing formed the basis for the script.  That movie was "AllThrough The Night." I love this movie too, and I'm not even a NewYorker.There have been many attempts to revisit "Casablanca," but only the originalmakes you really feel what it was like to live through "The Good War" in afaraway place like Casablanca in French Morocco.Even  though such trickery as midget airport workers, fog machines andcardboard cutout airplanes were utilized, this film convinces through itsbeautiful story with many layers, and characters that are so wellrealized.If you've never seen this movie before, shame on you and see it immediately.If you only seen it once, I believe you will come back to it more than once.This is just about the most perfect film ever made and it is a miracle thatthat is so considering that there were so many hands in the pie.  (Excuse mefor my mixing my metaphors.  It's late, and I get emotional just thinkingabout this classic film masterpiece.)Play it again and again and again and again, Sam.