British director Ridley Scott's film "Legend" is a visual marvel, fullof beautiful imagery and sounds. It has a fantastic script by WilliamHjortsberg that remains faithful to classic fairy tale lore of good vs.evil, even while discarding some of the more extravagant (but all toofamiliar) elements of fantasy such as black magic, dragons, and allmanner of sorcery. This is a darker and more brilliant vision of thefantasy genre, something that it desperately needed when we've becomeso used to bright lights and magic - you know, stuff for children. Butin all the beauty and magic, it's easy to see how things such as acomplicated story, uneven scriptwriting, and mediocre performances canseriously undermine what could have been a truly great fantasy epic."Legend" concerns the classic good vs. evil, light vs. dark, Heaven vs.Hell battle common in most fairy tales. Jack (Tom Cruise) is a youngforest dweller who one day invites his beloved Lily (Mia Sara) to joinhim in watching two of the last unicorns, the most mythical of allforest animals, we're told, as a gift for her. Conflict arises whenthree goblins sneak into the forest and slay one, stealing its horn,thereby throwing the world into darkness, and turning thisonce-beautiful landscape into a frozen wasteland of death and despair.It's at this point that I must stop describing the plot. These openingscenes are some of the rousing and beautiful special effects sequencesI've ever seen. They're full of life and light, sounds and imagery,that are certainly unlike any other fantasy film I've seen before it.Players Cruise and Sara fit nicely into the forest scenery, and theemotive and surreal score by Tangerine Dream matches it gracefully.Closing my eyes, I can imagine myself in the forest with them,surrounded in this beautiful fairy tale land of special effects. Ifound myself playing these scenes over and over again because I justwanted to envelope myself in the scenery.In the chaos, Jack and Lily are separated - Jack getting trapped andforced to wander through the blinding snowstorm, while Lily iskidnapped by the three goblins and taken to the depths of theNetherworld. Jack is then allied with his four forest friends - an elfnamed Gump, two dwarfs, and a fairy - and together they set off on adangerous trek to the Netherworld to rescue Lily from the hideous,would-be satanic, the Lord of Darkness (an unrecognizable Tim Curry),who wants Lily to be his bride.It has to be said over and over, but "Legend" is a beautiful-lookingfilm, with some strong writing and poetic dialogue that are complimentsof writer Hjortsberg. The production and makeup effects (by effectswizard Rob Bottin) really bring Hjortsberg's world to life on screenunder Scott's careful direction, and that is a strong plus on the partof "Legend." In the sights and sounds, however, it's easy to lose trackof the characters and their performances, and our feelings for them. Itcould be said that Scott's direction only focuses on the specialeffects rather than the players, so it's difficult to really care foranything that happens to them (although there is one eerie and surrealsequence where Lily dances with a demon in the Lord of Darkness'schamber that is deeply affecting upon my second thoughts of thatscene).But nonetheless, I found the characters and the actors to be alive andgraceful (and occasionally very humorous), even if they are sometimesrelegated to the background of special effects. The most impressive ofall these characters is Tim Curry as the Lord of Darkness. As I statedearlier, he's pretty much unrecognizable under Bottin's heavyprosthetics, though I wonder how such a light-built actor was able tocarry on his performance under such heavy makeup. Regardless, Currypulls it off and succeeds in being a truly memorable villain."Legend" is far from being a failure, but it is something differentfrom what we're used to seeing when it comes to the fantasy genre. It'sa brilliant exercise in ideas and imagination, brought to life by atalented cast and crew that knew their roles and knew them well. Thisis what "Legend" is made of.7/10(Note: A two-disc ultimate edition DVD director's cut of "Legend,"which includes never-before-seen footage and runs approximately 24minutes longer than the 1985 theatrical version and also features theoriginal score by composer Jerry Goldsmith, was released in 2002.)