I'd recommend this movie only if you're gonna spend time listening tothe audio commentary from the actual Navy pilots and technicaladvisers. Those guys have some very interesting things to say about themilitary and aviation. I wish there was just a commentary by them. I'mnot a big fan of the US military, especially the stuff that's going onin the middle east right now, but on the DVD, they're the only oneswith interesting stuff to say.It's a damn shame though, that we're stuck watching this boring,pointless and completely routine action movie. So at the beginning ofthe movie Maverick (Tom Cruise) and Goose (that guy from ER) are sentto the Top Gun flight school and are taught to be even better pilotsthan they are already. While there, Maverick seems to spend largeamounts of time trying to bed a civilian employee (Kelly McGillis) andbadly singing Righteous Brothers and Jerry Lee Lewis songs. Learning tobe better pilots requires spending time looking hunky in towels/whiteunderwear and playing shirtless Volleyball, One day, Maverick is upflying around (like in most of the movie) when suddenly there's a bigproblem and Goose is killed. Of course he spends a huge chunk of movietime feeling bad and thinking of quitting and all that.Then suddenly they graduate from Top Gun school and the writer decidedthat now it's time for a war. So suddenly Maverick has to "grow-up" andfight the bad guys, save some good guys, hang out with Val Kilmer andjust plain save the day. He comes back to the aircraft carrier and istold that his stupid name is on the front page of every Englishlanguage paper in the world and he's now all happy again. He goes backto become an instructor and meets up with Kelly McGillis so that he canjam his tongue down her throat again, probably because she lost thatloving feeling.I'd say that in this move Tom Cruise solidifies the kind of role thatwill define his career. In almost every single Tom Cruise movie, hestarts out as a young cocky guy who thinks he knows everything and iscompletely full of himself. In almost every case, he'll keep on beingcocky until about 3/4 of the way through the movie either a friend diesor he become paralyzed or he finds out that the girl he nailed in thebahamas is pregnant, etc. Then he'll become mature and he'll provehimself to the rest of the world, or at least the people watching it.After a while, one Tom Cruise movie is just like another. EventuallyTom Cruise should find another role because after 20+ years, it'sgetting old.The movie itself is a blatant propaganda piece, meant to entice youngmen to join the military and young women to find shirtless guys playingvolleyball. Much like Saving Private Ryan or Pearl Harbor, it's meantto get you all proud about the US military and maybe have you play someBorn in the USA while raising the flag in your front yard. It's a feelgood movie that ignores more serious problems of bad foreign policy andover spending on the military. But I guess those would be too complexof issues to raise during all the loud stock footage and motorcycleriding....