I didn't have this theory about "The Princess Bride" for years, until Icame close to the age of the grandfather that Peter Falk portrays.Here's my theory. The grandfather goes to the bedside of his grandson,portrayed by Fred Savage, prepared to do what grandfathers do - readhim a story. But no, the grandson protests. Does it have sports in it?This is a silly "yucky" story full of kissing. Skip the kissing parts!So the grandfather decides to teach the grandson a lesson (thebeginning of my theory). He takes what was probably a straightforwardtale of love lost and found again, of giants and evil princes andrescues and magic spells, and embellishes it with the wisdom that canonly come from living sixty years on this planet. Because, let's faceit, The Princess Bride as we are told has much wisdom in it.What are the chances that a story that has been around for a hundredyears has lines such as "You fell victim to one of the classic blunders- the most famous of which is "never get involved in a land war inAsia". Only somebody who lived through the Vietnam War era (thegrandfather) would come up with this. Too bad Dubya wasn't read thisbook as a child. Then there is the bit about the Dread Pirate Roberts -an unseen villain who turns out to be a series of villains. He wouldtuck Wesley into bed each night after he captured him and say "Goodnight, Westley. Good work. Sleep well. I'll most likely kill you in themorning." What other sentence so captures the sentiment of working forlarge corporations these days who will throw you out into the streetwithout a backwards glance? The book hits how people believe somethingis real or not real based merely on their feelings about it with thiszinger as Wesley carries the princess through a dangerous swamp. Shecautions him about the ROUS's (Rodents of Unusual Size). Wesley'sdefense - "I don't think they exist". One immediately attacks.And finally a great quote about love. An angry Prince Humperdinck afterbeing rejected by Buttercup goes to where Wesley is about to betortured and states "You truly love each other, and so you might havebeen truly happy. Not one couple in a century has that chance, nomatter what the storybooks say." Only after kissing frogs for decadescan I say this is so true. And on it goes.Thus most of the wisdom of living modern life can be found in this talewithin a tale, and I highly recommend it for its humor, its wisdom, anduniqueness. I don't think I've seen anything quite like it.