A Legend in it's own time.Timeless classic.Really does get better with age.Yep, all of the above are true and many more platitudes that arebandied about or discussed when this film is mentioned. I struggle tograsp why this has a sub 7 rating on here, especially considering someof the dire films that have been rated 9 or above on IMDb, this filmdeserves a much higher rating.It's a great night in with "pizza and popcorn" movie, more fun ifeveryone has seen it before so you can play the Top Gun quote game. I'dlove to see this on the big screen with the full sound system to hearthe big adrenaline rush that comes with hearing the jets screamingaround and the music pumping. Even though I happily watch it at home ofa 40 inch TV with a 5.1 PC audio system which isn't exactly lacking inpower or effect...It's a fun if somewhat cheesy 80's film that is of course a formulafilm that was repeated several times (Especially with Tom Cruisestarring in them!) with a soundtrack that is still as good today as itwas in the late 80's when this film came out. The plot may be paperthin but the action, the music and the quotability and great fun of thefilm is what makes it so much fun to watch and gives it massive replayvalue.It's fast paced action sequences and aerial cinematography are topnotch, simply breathtaking and stunning for the most. The drama of theshooting is the backbone of this film, the adrenaline it can induce isspectacular and some of the shots are simply haunting.The humour is laugh out loud funny and it featured some bloody goodlooking men and great looking women so the eye candy is never far away.The film has very few lulls and the action is never far away. It hasemotion and feeling but always gets back into the Danger Zone prettyquick with characters that are likable and fun to watch. The castingwas very well done and you can sense that the cast and crew must havehad a riot while making this film (With The exception of Iceman/ValKilmer, who actually kept himself apart from the crew for the most toallow for his character to be felt as a true outsider.)As may be apparent I'm a Top Gun fan, have been since I first watchedthis film, I was gripped from the opening chimes of the epic Top Guntheme followed by that big haired 80's guitar riff and the initialsounds of engines winding up as the steam drifts across the deck of theaircraft carrier. I'm a firm believer that if this film doesn't getyour stuff going at some point, your stuff is broken. It's not a filmto be taken seriously, it's meant to be enjoyed with friends andlaughed along with. The film may have a few plot holes, there are about a million goofs, itspawned more than a handful of web sites to point out all the goofs andflaws in the film, dialogue and all other things Top Gun related butit's got a fan base the size of a massive army and for a reason, it'sjust a good movie because of all that.The soundtrack and aerial footage really are the stars of this film,even though the cast was pretty huge, the Director Tony Scott reallywent all in and made a huge effort with Top Gun (Even at his ownpersonal expense considering he ended up hiring a US Aircraft carrierto get a shot just how he wanted!)It's just one of those films if you like it, whenever it is on, you cansit down and watch it no matter where you walked in, or turned over andfound it was on. It's like a really comfortable pair of slippers thatalways feel good to slip on when you get the chance. I often wish Icould turn back the clock to being a teenager again to watch it for thefirst time all over again and get the chills down my spine as eachaction sequence gears up; the rush as the roar of the F-14 enginesscream and howl. I envy the people who have not seen this film as theyhave experience the roller-coaster ride that this film can offer.It's funny as I was inspired to come write this review after meetingsomeone the other week who had not seen Top Gun, which for me has beena rare experience. In fact I don't know many people who do not owneither a copy if the VHS or a DVD of Top Gun, and most of my friendshave the OST in their music collection or the larger part of it asSingles/MP3's.If you have not seen it, get on ebay or Amazon or wherever, spend a fewquid and buy a copy, get some friends around for the night, snag somebeer, popcorn, pizza or tofu if that floats your boat and have a greatnight in. If you don't take it too seriously you should have a goodnight.If you have seen it and enjoyed it, get on here and give it some loveand vote it up, if only to get it ranked above a lot of the rubbishranked highly.It's also worth watching the DVD extras/Making of Top Gun if you likedthe film as it's pretty interesting stuff and very funny in parts, assome of the trivia about the film is fascinating.