"Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare todie." Those words will trigger one of two things for a person, eithermassive confusion or the amusing fairytale, The Princess Bride.Alan, a young boy, is sick in bed with the flu playing video games. Thelast thing he wants is his grandfather reading him some "mushie storywith kissing." Reluctantly, Alan agrees to let his grandfather read ThePrincess Bride to him, a novel that has been read in Alan's family fromgeneration to generation. Alan expects an everyday story with yourusual Prince, Princess, villain, rescue, and romance. But this book hada lot more to offer, yes, including "kissing" (as said by thegrandfather to Alan)? The strength of true love is essentially themakeup of the storyline for The Princess Bride. A beautiful girl namedButtercup falls in love with her farm hand, Westley. It's the perfectrelationship till Prince Humperdinck picks Buttercup to become"Princess Buttercup," which she resents. Suddenly, another complicationoccurs?Buttercup is unexpectedly kidnapped by a group of three evilvillains, "The Sicilian, The Spaniard, and The Turk" in which Westleymust battle to win back his one and only love. At the same time, PrinceHumperdinck also sets off to look for his soon to be "PrincessButtercup." Will Westley save his soul mate before the Prince caninterfere? Is Buttercup going to become royalty? Only true love is todecide how this one-of-a-kind fairytale concludes.Whether you are looking to watch a movie for an adventure, a mushielove story, or just for laughs, The Princess Bride is for you. Thismovie is suitable for the whole family has been classified under manycategories, including, comedy, romance, drama, adventure, and evenfantasy. Not only is it a well-written screenplay and has been ratedover 8/10 stars by most movie critiques but it has been nominated forfive awards and has won five other awards, some including the "People'sChoice Award" and the "Saturn Award." In addition, this movie alsofeatures a dynamic cast. The entire cast did a remarkable job in makingthis fairytale realistic (to an extent). One example is about how thecombat (sword fights, flips, tricks, etc.) scenes were well done andrehearsed. They kept the viewers on the edge of their seats throughevery "clink" of a sword and "swoosh" from a flip. Another is how themake-up and costumes in the movie added a great effect to the cast ofcharacters, especially to the older, more mystical characters featured,such as Miracle Max and his wife. The 1987 release of The PrincessBride shows viewers that this movie making process took time andconsideration, along with an amazing cast, and a hard working crew,creating a story that's to be a great audience pleaser.Three evil villains, a cruel Prince, a beautiful bride, a hero, Cliffsof Insanity, a Pit of Despair, and so much more chaos and adventure?noone has ever had to fight this hard for true love.