Lauren Bacall was wonderful as Ilsa...in a parallel universe. Too badit was Ingrid Bergman who ended up with the role, I just couldn't buythe Bogie'n Bergman love story and would have loved to see Laureninstead! So I gave this movie a 4, as soon as I was done watching.Because Bergman failed to convince me and I cringed at their Parisscenes. I mean Bogie, romantic?! Are you kiddin' me?! (I was even moreshocked to see Bogie smile!) I was bored through the story, the men'sthick black eyeliner looked like an ethnic joke, their white eyelinerwas a little less distracting, but I've seen worse, so I decided whatthe heck, I'm 1/4th through this movie might as well keep going sinceit's not like it's starring *insert your most insipid actress andbuffoon of an actor here* And OK, since I'm well-endowed in the"suspend disbelief" department, I'll pretend I'll buy Ingmar Bergman orwhatever as the love interest.Since some of the dialog was amazing, I thought I'd actually give thisa 7. For effort. Plus the "last night was so long ago/tonight? I don'tplan that far ahead" exchange was awesome. (I'm gonna have to memorizethese lines, I'm sure to use them sometime!) And the music was not bad.So what the heck, it doesn't deserve a 7 but I'm not in a bad moodtonight and it's Christmas, right?! But what the **** happened to "Playit again, Sam!"? I never once heard it and I felt ripped off throughoutthe movie! I heard "Play it, Sam" Who misquotes a movie, really?OUTRAGEOUS!!! Just for that, I felt like I needed a refund, and let metell you, that 7 was quickly turning into a 5. Plus I'd seen the finalscene, the Bogie/Bergman exchange, final scene, it says so on You Tube.Right? So who cares, I already know how it ends. Well...Wrong!!! It wasn't the final scene after all! WTH??! After years of believingthat's how it ended, now they ripoff the ending too by adding someinsipid action? Couldn't they have been done at that scene since it's*supposed* to be the only end anyone cares about? (After all, it's theonly one "they" ever show!! What else could there be, really?!) Well,in the end--and sorry to put it this way if you kinda like thisfilm--but what do you think I could possibly give this sorry little B&Wfilm maker's menial effort of a wanna-be movie? Well, if you shouldknow I only gave it a mere TEN! That's right! Was I glad I stuck withit till the end! It got better and better until it became one of thebest movies ever! I didn't expect the surprise ending, that's for sure!Blown away! This one is definitely worth a re-watch sometime soon, minus my"Dancing-with-the-Stars-judge-raising-score-on-a-panel-every-5-secs"attitude. I don't think I've ever seen a movie where I went from "whogives a c^^p about you?" to absolutely blown away by the characters andtheir turn of events. In a sense I went from caring about Rick justabout as little as Rick himself did to making a 180 degree turnabout.Sort of like Rick did at the end! Amazing!! And Ingrid Bergman wasindeed good, certainly not my first choice for Ilsa--still would haveloved to see Bacall--but she held her own. Here's looking at you, Kid!It's like after the movie was over, I came to the realization that Ihad been a Rick of sorts throughout. And the movie took me through myown 180. Does everyone feel like this when watching this movie? Is it supposedto turn us all into Ricks and then flip-flop us around leaving usutterly dazed and not knowing what hit us there for a second? Or is itjust me? It almost felt like a spiritual experience! Almost! It wassimply amazing! 10/10. Come what may, I'll always have Casablanca in myDVD collection!