TOP GUNBack to the 80s? this is a classic movie. I have seen it quite a fewtimes now, but I felt that I had to introduce my daughter to theclassic now she has turned 12.The movie is about a group of fighter pilots who are the best in theworld that are trained as the elite of the elite.I really like the film. It has great action scenes and an actual story.Unfortunately it is a love story. A love story between a student andone of the instructors.Tom Cruise is the main character. He is a reckless pilot who likes tomess around and joke about in the air, which gets him in trouble fromtime to time? but he is one of the best. Tom did a good job, but he isa very good actor anyway so this is no surprise. This was one of hisearlier roles and it is easy to see how he has had such a huge careerafter this. His partner in the air is played by Anthony Edwards. Iremember watching Anthony in E.R. a lot and was shocked to be remindedthat he was in Top Gun. But he did a great job. Other cast members areVal Kilmer, Kelly McGillis, Tom Skerritt, Michael Ironside, TimRobbins, James Tolkan & Meg Ryan. The casting is great and they allwork very well together.The action scenes in the air were very well done and there were somegreat fighting scenes. There was some funny moments in the film, sadmoments and exhilarating moments. This film was very well put togetherand was an emotional ride.The film has a great soundtrack too? some classic songs from the 80swhich never gets old. Yes, some of the songs are super cheesy, but thatis what makes this film a classic.There are so many great quotes that come out of this film. It is wellknown for the singing scene in the bar. Possibly the worst chat up lineever!I will give this film 7 out of 10.It is a classic, but nowhere near as good as some of the other moviesto come out of the 80s. My daughter liked it which was the whole pointof watching it again."I feel the need... The need for speed!"For more reviews, please like my Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/pages/Ordinary-Person-Movie-Reviews/456572047728204