I have been told that my reviews have a tendency to over elaborate thepoints of discussion. I cannot yet determine if this is because of my lovefor movies, or an arrogant assumption that what I write needs to be read. Oreven a pompous self love for the flow of my own writing. In any case, withTop Gun I have decided to be as to the point as possible. I won't talk aboutthe story or it's characters too much because, I can't think of anyone whohasn't seen this film.Top Gun is one of those powerhouse films whose impact is unparalleled. Itprofits from repeat viewings and it's stylistic touches often take thebreath away. Most go on to say that it's effects on the cinema screenenhance it's entertainment value by a a factor of 10. I wouldn't know; I wasonly 7 years old when it came out.But Top Gun is a more important film that it's ever been credit for. I saythis because, to date it remains the defining achievement of theBruckheimer/ Simpson production team. This production team reshaped the faceof the slick action film almost single-handedly. I would like to work thestretch and say that they almost created a new genre of film, but that wouldbe pushing it. Today, all action films cannot survive without various essential components;handsome stars, pulsating soundtrack, powerful cinematography, new andinventive action shots, exotic locales.......Top Gun was the first on thescene to adequately and successfully combine all these elements into onefilm. It is a trendsetter and has, needless to say, inspired the productionof thousands of other films. Top Gun is a film everybody knows, and itcarries with it an incredible subliminal effect. I say this because, even ifyour not conscious of it, Top Gun and it's influence is consistently at playin the back of our minds when we talk about film. Almost anyfilm!Today Bruckheimer (Simpson passed away 2 years ago) and his team are theparagons of this field. Most producers go unnoticed by the average audience;a huge number however, recognize and acknowledge Bruckheimer as a hugeplayer and I can vouch for many who are just as eager to watch a Tom Cruisefilm as they are a Jerry Bruckheimer production. His influence is immenseand this is all thanks to Top Gun being the revolutionary action film thatis is.As with many of Tony Scott's films (Days of Thunder, Last Boy Scout, TrueRomance) this film is about a cocky sure-fire character who thinks he hasall the answers until he gets a whiff of the real world and it'sresponsibilities and undergoes a major character change. He experiencesvarious heartaches; from love and love lost to the loss of those dear tohim, and he must overcome all this and find the strength to win the day andthereby prove his real mettle and evolution.This story has been used ad infinitum but in this case the hero-zero-herostory is so well complemented by the 80's slickness brought to theforeground by Bruckheimer/ Simpson. Cruise should consider himself theworld's most fortunate actor; Top Gun is one of the most important films ofthe 20th century and Tom Cruise was it's star. If the man did nothing else,he would have attained God-like status as an actor and continue to belionized by an adoring public.Many film-makers will despise this film; it has made it near impossbile forsmall budget productions to make a deep impact. Sure there are a number thatmake it, but Top Gun ensured that lest an action flick carry a budget ofover $100 million, it would never survive.That said, all the things that make the hairs stand on the back of our neckstoday have been inspired, to a large extent, from this film. Even the cinematrailers today need to pack a whopping punch to make the audience eager. Ifyou notice, movie previews today, look like they cost as much as the actualfilm. This genre of film packs a lethal punch. Only the big fish can swim;the small will be devoured!!Make no mistake about it, Top Gun is a vital contribution to modern daycinema. Our appreciation for sound quality in film, adrenaline-rushes, sex,action, cinematography have crucially been enhanced by this film.After all I've said, I cannot help frown when I consider that this film ismerely about fighter jets!!