There were a number of great films that came out in the 1980s, but TopGun nearly single-handedly stigmatized that era as being one of uttercrap. Released in 1986, the film was a massive blockbuster, but asidefrom marveling over its technicalities and surface glitz, it is a nearindefensible film, even as far as popcorn summer flicks go.The plot ? if one chooses to lavish such a description on it ?basically focuses on a group of crème de la crème aerial fighter pilotswho attend an elite flight school in California and compete to see whowill be Top Gun.So much for the plot! The focal character is a cocky, swaggering airjockey named Maverick, played with exuberant arrogance by Tom Cruise.All of the pilots spend their days either doing absurdly risky aerialacrobatics or preening around like peacocks displaying their plumage.Maverick functions as a veritable checklist of clichés for the modernaction hero. His dead father was a pilot legend, but with a cloudhanging over him, which gives Maverick major daddy issues. The newadviser at the school just happens to be Kelly McGillis, the sexy womanthat Maverick tried to pick up at the local bar the evening before withan embarrassing Righteous Brothers serenade (only the film seems tothink it is charming!). Maverick's best friend is a pre-ER AnthonyEdwards, who is a funny and sensitive family man married to ditzy MegRyan. And given that he is stuck with the nickname of Goose when allthe other guys have coy macho nicknames like Iceman, Wolfman and Viper,you get the correct impression that this will be the film's sacrificiallamb to give Maverick his crisis in swaggering. Maverick also has arivalry with another flyer, played by Val Kilmer, but since that plotthread is forgotten almost as soon as it is introduced, it seemspointless to comment on it.The film has been rightfully accused of heralding in the era ofADHD-action filmmaking, drowning in jingoism, featuring blatanthomoeroticism and being little more than a feature length music video.The fact that there is some truth to all of those accusations may makethe film seem like great dumb fun or a guilty pleasure, but thatoverlooks the fact that it is mind-deadeningly tedious.Director Tony Scott provides slick direction and the cinematography isspectacular, but nothing can detract from the fact that the film isemotionally lifeless and intellectually vacant. There are literallyentire passages that seem to be nothing more than extended musicvideos. The film is bookended by aerial dogfights against facelessunknown enemies. Who are they and what are their nefarious plans? Thefilm doesn't care. This may well be the first action film ever thatfails to feature either a villain or any identifiable central conflict.Which pilot will become Top Gun at the flight school? The film couldalso care less about that since it is treated as irrelevant. In fact,precious few things seem to matter in this morass of noise than thenext flashing light, billowing flag or whizzing plane.Bad film aficionados can laugh over the film's introduction of McGillisas our country's foremost expert aerial tactician, who has never setfoot in a cockpit. Cruise and McGillis have a nonexistent sexualchemistry and spend the duration of the film lobbing their lines ateach other like grenades and staring with such intensity that one fearsa detached retina. Truthfully, there is nothing wrong with McGillis'sacting here, but she is included in the film for only two cynicalreasons. First, every action film must have "the girl". Second, becauseher character attests to the red-blooded heterosexuality of our leadingman.The second is apparently important because Scott often depicts thehunky pilots as sex objects. They are often parading around intighty-whities or precariously balanced towels fresh from the showertrying to out-macho each other and filmed with the blatant sexuality ofa Calvin Klein perfume commercial. One lengthy sequence depicting avolleyball game is completely pointless to the film unless it is neededto pad the time out or the film wishes to showcase the sweaty bodies ofthe guys in tiny shorts ? you be the judge. Of course, since the filmrefuses to step outside of PG-rated territory lest they lose theirtarget audience of intellectually stunted adolescents, there is noactual nudity. In truth, while all of the displays of male skin areinitially enticing, like the film itself, it becomes an annoyinglyempty tease after a while.Although many have forgotten it, Cruise has demonstrated some greatacting. While he is ideally iconic and definitely at his sexiest asMaverick, it becomes a thundering bore to watch him reduced torepeatedly strut across the screen with a smarmy grin plastered to hisface and offer little else. Edwards turns in the film's bestperformance as Goose, largely because he is allowed to be affable andappealing without being saddled with the obnoxious posturing of some ofthe other characters. Tom Skerritt is on hand to provide a bit ofmaturity as a semi-mentor, but the remainder of the cast includingKilmer, John Stockwell, Tim Robbins, have literally nothing to do butfunction as scenery.Arguably the film's greatest weakness is that we have no rootinginterest in anything that transpires on screen. Nothing seems credible,threatening or of any urgency. The film seems placidly laid-back abouteverything ? including its action sequences, which will fail to liftthe pulse of the most non-demanding viewer. Although this has beenelevated as a somewhat dubious icon of 1980s filmmaking, this may wellbe the first hit action film with a complete lack of humor and a dearthof any real action.