There are a precious few American females born after 1966 and before1996 that have not experienced a pure passion for Grease at some pointduring their early adolescent lives. My sister and I used to rent andrenew this film just about every weekend for two years when we werekids. It would have been much more practical to invest in our ownpersonal copy. But then again, there is nothing practical, sensible, orparticularly constructive about a young girl's feelings for Grease.Hundreds of dollars spent at our local video store just to wear outtheir copy should serve as testament enough to that fact. But Grease ismore than mere fodder for hysterical, girl-culture consumption. It isthe king, actually, of such articles. Here is a fun-hearted, verybenignly naughty musical about "good girl," Sandy Olsen who falls inlove with "bad boy," Danny Zuko, the leader of a drag-racing,greasy-hair-combing, leather jacket wearing, foul-mouthed (well,they're not really foul-mouthed, but they try) gang of aspiringdelinquents. The trouble? She's a square who completely lacks a healthysense of unruliness while he works hard to maintain his bad reputation.In order to stay together, one of them has to change. The ensuing plot is precisely why Grease is the kingshit ofgirl-culture staples. I have heard (chuckle) parents complain about itsmessage. Some don't like that the social powers that be (the PinkLadies and their T-birds) put so much pressure on one another to fit inwith the clique. These are the very folks who are responsible for thewatering-down of the stage version of Grease, which I was horrified tofind, has been censored so much it is only barely recognizable.Apparently, the film version of Sandy's physical transformation fromthe poster child for teenage abstinence and all-around wholesomeness tosomething more resembling a streetwalker with ratted hair, painted onspandex, and an affinity for cigarettes "sends kids a darn sleazymessage." Anyone who feels this way has forgotten how immune childrenare to politically correct bullshittery. No 12-year-old girl wants towatch something that condescends, that moralizes, that jumps throughhoops and loops to send the "right" message. Grease doesn't do that.Instead, it reflects authentic sensibilities. I should also point outthough, that there is a moral to be found beneath all the jokes aboutAnnette Funicello's "jugs," Sandy's virginity, stolen car parts, and5-year-old broken condoms. After all, Rizzo demonstrates one of themany possible consequences of unprotected sex in a subplot that isunique to a pre-AIDS movie going era. And in the end, Danny proveswilling to clean up his social identity for Sandy. She just beats himto the punch. And really, she's the same old squeaky-clean dufus whoisn't sure what to do with a cigarette. She's just wearing hot pants.So if you really want to get technical, the "darn sleazy message" isnot that one must put out to be accepted. One must only LOOK like oneputs out. There, now. That's not so bad, is it? Besides, and this is its main point of differentiation from the hideoussequel, it is a damn good movie. In fact, watching Grease 2 beforewatching Grease makes this completely clear. It is as a musical shouldbe. Unlike the meaningless tripe passed off for songs in Grease 2, thesongs in Grease advance the narrative and provide ample, necessaryinformation about its characters. As a period piece, the 1950s settingis also made useful as a symbol of innocence, simultaneously false andgenuine, about to be lost. It represents the mindset of the teenagecharacters and their place in American history. Whereas, Grease 2evokes the 1950s about as much as Rock-N-Roll McDonald's. No.Rock-N-Roll McDonald's is more competent in its depiction. Thecharacters in Grease are complex. They are stock archetypes with innerconflicts that don't always jive with their personas. The characters inGrease 2 are flat, vacant nothings that are only vaguely reminiscent ofthe archetypes that ought to make up the gang. Still, one needn't compare the original to its sequel to see thatGrease is charming, fun, a bit corny, harmlessly bawdy and, in general,the perfect slumber party, girl movie.