Maybe this is something of a U.S. military naval recruitment film butif taken not too seriously, this testosterone laced movie actuallymakes for quite entertaining viewing. The jet maneuvers shown are bothimpressive & exciting and might tend to increase the viewer's respect(as it certainly did mine) for the amazing skill and incredible nerveof real life fighter pilots. The story revolves around a bold, daring, and overconfident navyfighter pilot, Lieutenant Pete Mitchell (call name 'Maverick'), who issent to the Top Gun Naval Flying School along with his close pal,Goose. Maverick strives to prove himself the best pilot in thisdemanding course, but faces both stiff competition from a fellow pilotnamed Iceman as well as personal conflict dealing with his own hauntingdemons following the mysterious death of his father, also an air acepilot. Meanwhile, he falls for a lovely civilian astrophysicsinstructor, Charlotte (Charlie) Blackwood.Tom Cruise is well cast in the role of the hotshot pilot...the cocky,audacious, fearless, but ultimately conflicted and anguished Maverick.Kelly McGillis portrays his often antagonistic love interest, Charlie,who's as smart as she is pretty. Other stars include Tom Skerrit as areal top gun flight instructor, Commander Metcalf (Viper), who provesto be both a skilled and professional pilot but also a compassionateindividual. Meg Ryan appears in her screen debut as Goose's perky, funloving young wife, Carole Bradshaw, a minor role and one which Ipersonally found rather irritating.I half expected that I'd find this movie just all too macho, but it'sactually quite engaging to watch. Maverick's personal story, his innerstrife, and his romance with Charlie prove less riveting than theincredible airborne stunts with these jets. Yes, they have to be amongthe best aerial shots ever. This film was made during the Cold War erawith its USSR enmity so there are appearances by enemy Russian MiGfighters, naturally cast as the intrusive villains of the piece. Thefilm also does a great job at depicting all the male bonding betweenthese pilots...the camaraderie, rivalry, banter, inter dependency, andgenuine close friendship.Maverick is a fighter pilot who, according to Charlie, is only happywhen he's 'going Mach Two with his hair on fire'. He's heard to remarkjust prior to climbing into the cockpit, 'I feel the need for speed'.He also takes great delight in unexpected and forbidden fly byes nextto the control tower, scaring the living daylights out of hiscolleagues and causing them to spill their coffee. I love the littlepaper airplane touch with Charlie! Guess how Maverick transportshimself around the city while on the ground...that's right, zippingabout on a motorcycle!The movie features highly effective cinematography of these jets takingoff from the aircraft carrier, all accompanied by a fabulous racymusical soundtrack. The romantic scenes are of course to the Oscarwinning song 'Take My Breath Away'. Although it certainly features itssad moments, Top Gun is on the whole simply a lively and fun movie towatch.