The Princess Bride (1987) Starring: Cary Elwes, Robin Wright, MandyPatinkin, Billy Crystal, Wallace Shawn, André the Giant, ChrisSarandon, Fred Savage, Carol Kane, Christopher Guest, Annie Dyson,Malcolm Storry, Margery Mason, Peter Cook, Mel Smith, and Peter FalkDirected By: Rob Reiner Review It's as real as the feelings you feelYou know its hard having to review a movie that most people have seenwhile, you haven't because this on Rotten Tomatoes top 75 fantasy filmsand movies that never should be remade, I agree don't remake this. Inthe fairy-tale adventure 'The Princess Bride', a young boy falls illand is read a legendary bedtime story by his visiting grandfather thatimmediately comes to life. The story is a classic tale of love andadventure as the beautiful Buttercup is kidnapped and held against herwill in order to marry the odious Prince Humperdinck. Her childhoodbeau Westley, now known as the Dread Pirate Roberts, attempts to saveher. On the way he meets an accomplished swordsman, a super stronggiant and a few bad guys to rescue Princess Buttercup. The boy beingtold the red the story should bother me but if your an older person,such as myself I believe it resonates because you would want to tell amagical tale such as this to your own kids or just some kid, someday. Iknew that it was going to start with an Ill child being read the storybefore going in so that's another reason it didn't bother me so much.The story the boy is read has swashbuckling adventure and like everygood fairy-tale true love. The story mostly focuses on Westley,Buttercup and Prince Humpdinck. The Princess falls for Westley who inthe beginning is a farm-boy but they grew apart for five years. He istrained by pirates as he tells her when they meet again. She thoughthim dead for those five years and she is taken back to her castle.Speaking of Princess Buttercup I can see why Forrest Gump love Jenny somuch, she is a beautiful princess. The dialogue in this movie is supergreat, no wonder it's one of the most quoted movies ever. "Life is adisappointment." "Anyone who says otherwise is trying to sell yousomething." But then there is one of my favorite lines "My name isInigo Montyo you killed my father prepare to die." The music for thismovie, I didn't notice a score for this movie. But there is a greatthat was nominated for Best Original Song in the 1988 Oscars. I'm ofcourse talking about the song "Storybook Love" I gave it a listen onyou-tube after I finished the movie. As I write this review I'm stilllistening to it, I love this song. It is now my second favorite lovesong right behind Bryan Ferry's "Is Your Love Strong Enough". ThePrincess Bride is a film that most others I know have seen, its one ofthe most quoted movies ever(for good reason) it's got Andre The Giant,a beautiful love song and all of these things come together to make atimeless classic and my second favorite fantasy movie of all time. I'mgiving The Princess Bride a ten out of ten.