A stunningly good looking film, "Legend" is the kind of film that wouldhappen if you took the best director who made the best lookingcommercials for TV, and gave him a fairy tale script to work with.It has that kind of a "selling a product" kind of care to it, for ityou look at commercials at the time, there was a real upscaling ofproduction values and care that went into their production. So muchthat commercials suddenly became noted for being excellent shot filmsunto themselves (side note, there was a whole topic and controversythat the commercials weren't selling the products, but being simplygood short films that happened to have products in them at this time).suddenly sumptuous highly detailed sets, elaborate costumes, andbucolic locations.And that's kind of visually what Legend is all about. The story ispretty basic stuff, but the execution of it is why you go to see thismovie. That, and the performances aren't that bad either. It's full ofenergy on all levels, but modulated by Ridley Scott's masterfuldirection. My one major critique is that this film needed a few more extras andother people or locations to show the kingdom that the princess waspart of, because otherwise she rules over Jack, one peasant woman andher slumbering husband. There aren't even any guards or other knightsto protect her, nor even a mother and father. Just Tom Cruise'scharacter and a handful of forest spirits. That, and Cruise does seem to be in the crouched position for much ofthe film. Cruise's character, and perhaps the film as a whole ingeneral, needed a little grounding, and perhaps a little grounding inthe melee department. Give the fight some length, a sense of skilledperil as opposed to a simple fight with some cool moves. This is to say that the film as a visual piece is fully realized, butneeded a few more characters and extras to complete it, with perhaps acouple more plot points to ram home the whole moral of the fairy tale. Otherwise it's a decent looking film. I'm not sure I'd watch it withregular dudes, but perhaps with fantasy fans who like medieval erafairy tales and so forth.Well, that's just my take.Enjoy.