Michael Curtiz's "Casablanca" opens on maps while a narrator gives adetailed exposition of the many twists and turns of Casablanca in theFrench Morocco, as a refugee route from wartime Europe...The Nazi envoy, Major Heinrich Strasser puts it: 'Human life is cheapin Casablanca." Of course because a man may be executed in its crowdedmarket before Marshal Pétain's portrait or where a charming girl mayguarantee an exit visa by spending her night with the Prefect ofPolice...Rick's Café is the point of intersection, the espionage center, thebackground for Allied offensive, the focal point as refugees fromNazi-occupied Europe seek to gain exit visas to Lisboa... Theinteresting club so well organized, leads to an open arena ofconspiracy, counterspies, secret plans, black market transactions, inwhich the games and fights are between arrogant Nazis, patrioticFrench, idealists, murderers, pickpockets and gamblers around aroulette wheel, where a ball could rest on Rick's command against thesettled number 22..."Casablanca" is an adventure film which victory is not won with cannonsand guns... The action, the fight, the war takes place inside Rick'swalls rather than outside...But who is this Rick? What is his magical power? His secret weapon?Rick is the anti-fascist with hard feelings, the former soldier offortune who has grown tired of smuggling and fighting, and is nowcontent to sit out the war in his own neutral territory... Even loyaltyto a friend doesn't move him as he refuses to help Ugarte, adesperately frightened little courier who is fleeing from the police...Emphatically, Rick says, "I stick my neck out for nobody." But we knowhe will do just that in a very short time, for into his quiet lifecomes a haunting vision from his past, the beautiful woman he stillloves and bitterly remembers... She is married to an underground leaderand she desperately needs those papers Rick conveniently now has in hispossession... The cynical Rick's facade of neutrality begins to weakenas he recalls the bittersweet memories of his past love affair,memories triggered repeatedly when the strains of "As Time Goes By"come from Sam, his piano-playing confidante...But "Casablanca" basic message is a declaration of self-sacrifice...War World II demanded all! The words stated by Rick at the airport hadtheir impact: 'The problems of three people don't amount to a hill ofbeans in this crazy world.' It goes without saying that Bogart isincomparable when he seems most like himself... His way with a linemakes "Casablanca" dialog part of the collective memory: 'I rememberevery detail. The Germans wore gray. You were blue.' Intermixed in this intrigue are all the fascinating and beautifullyacted supporting roles? With his customary skill, Claude Rains playsMajor Renault, a prefect of police who is like Bogart in many ways...He, too, claims neutrality, but is definitely against the Nazis... Heis Rick's most devoted adversary, tauntingly calling the man a"sentimentalist" and delivering his share of cynically amusing lines...When he makes a small bet and is encouraged to make a bigger one, heremarks that he is only a "poor corrupt official." Ingrid Bergman is fascinating as the lovely heroine, the mysteriousimpossible woman of an impossible love, the tender mood of every man,the love-affair, the quality of being romantic, the traditional womanenclosed by two rivals, symbol of a besieged Europe...Paul Henreid is Victor Laszlo, the anti-Nazi resistance leader, seekingin Morocco the two letters of transit signed by General De Gaulle...Sidney Greenstreet is the black marketeer on good terms with Rick, therival owner of the 'Blue Parrot,' the acceptable face of corruption...Peter Lorre is Ugarte, the racketeer, the dealer of anything illegal,the killer, driven into a corner by the Vichy police, who has givenRick two letter of transit...Conrad Veidt is the very essence of German rigidity, unfeeling,unconcerned about life, but firmly believing in the foolish ideology ofhis Nazi compatriots..."Casablanca" covers many highlights: The Marseillaise against the HorstWessel song inspiring sequence; the blissful days in Paris; Ilsa'semotional words to Rick in occupied Paris; the champagne toast; Ilsa'srequest to Sam; the poetry of the magic words and the beautiful voiceof Dooley Wilson; Captain Renault's words in the airport; and thefarewell...The magic that developed from the teaming of Bogart and Bergman isenough to make a new romantic figure out of the former tough guy... Tohis cynicism, his own code of ethics, his hatred of the phoniness inall human behavior, he now added the softening traits of tenderness andcompassion and a feeling of heroic commitment to a cause... They helpedhim complete the portrayal of the ideal man who all men wished torival...One can look at hundreds of films produced during this period withoutfinding any whose composite pieces fall so perfectly into place... Itsphotography is outstanding, the music score is inventive, the editingis concise and timed perfectly... Bogart's and Bergman's love scenescreate a genuinely romantic aura, capturing a sensitivity between thetwo stars one would not have believed possible..."Casablanca" is a masterpiece of entertainment, an outstanding motionpicture which brought Bogart his first Academy Award nomination (helost to Paul Lukas for "Watch On the Rhine") and won Awards for BestPicture of the Year, Best Director and Best Screenplay...