The movie Grease is a required viewing for me. The way the movie playsout is done very well. Olivia Newton-John plays Sandy very well,portrays her as the innocent person that she is. While John Travoltaplays the bad boy Danny and does that very well. Aside from the factthat the movie was made a while so it is a little weird, it is stillgood. As a teenager it portrayed what being in high school is reallylike. Everyone cares what you think and does whatever it takes to fitin. Also the music in it is very genius. They got people who could hitthe high notes. Some people that you cast in musicals could not hit thehigh notes. The movie has a lot of sexual innuendos which pull peoplein and if they are in high school like me provide a little laugh. Themusic is brilliant especially the song "Hopelessly Devoted" because itexplains exactly how a girl feels about her crush in high school andhow bad it can get when you like someone that much. "You're the onethat I want" is also a very good song because it shows that in the endsome people can get together if you have a strong enough connection.Even with the fitting in, Sandy just wants friends not so much fittingin just wants to make some friends out of the whole experience.Frenchie later decided that she wanted to follow her dreams, but in thefriend group no one ended up caring about that anymore. The movie doesdeal with some serious topics. As in people wanting to have sex so thatthey can fit in is a huge problem. Rizzo faces maybe going to lose herfriends if she does not have sex it shows this vulnerable side of herthat we had not seen in the rest of the movie. I don't think that Rizzoknew exactly what would be the consequences if she went through withthis only thinking about the friends that she wanted to keep made herdo that. The fact about doing that to fit in was okay shows thedifference between high school then and then you see now where it hasthat, but has been amplified and worse. I feel that Grease can tell astory about the hardships, great ending or not it still shows thestruggle of what you have to do if you care about someone enough. Sandyand Danny they were a couple I doubted a lot but they ended up fightingand were able to come through with so much experience. Even though thefriends may have judged them they still liked each other enough to makeit work. I feel that all the pressure put on can fall off if you watchthis movie you can see people that really care about you versus who isusing you. It is hard for people to see who is there.