Grease, like a fine wine, has grown with age. It was a phenomenallysuccessful film in its time but its commercial popularity was notequalled by its critical reception. Not that contemporary critics wereespecially negative towards it, more that they approved it with blandlyabove average reviews. To be sure, the plot of Grease is wafer thin andits narrative borders on non-existent between the musical set pieces..However, it is a film which transcends the basic requirements of strongplot and narrative. It's about joyous set pieces. It's about goofycharacters, interacting via goofy dialogue. It's about nostalgia. It'sabout awkward teen courtship. It's about those last days of high schoolwhere the joy of being young is ever-so-slightly tarnished by theencroaching end of one's educational era. The final scene of JohnTravolta and Olivia Newton John driving off into the sky in a flyingcar roots the film in a dreamy nostalgic/retrospective landscape,reminding us that we've been watching a fun musical fantasy, nothingmore. In terms of achieving its goals ? entertaining the audience,rocking us out, and putting a smile on our face ? Grease does exactlywhat it says on the tin.It's the start of a new school year at Rydell High, and T-Bird gangmember Danny Zuko (John Travolta) enthusiastically tells his friendsabout a summer romance that he has enjoyed during the holidays.Unbeknown to him, his summer sweetheart Sandy (Olivia Newton John), hasnot returned to Australia as expected but, in fact, has enrolled at thesame high school, where she relates her amazing summer of love withDanny to her new classmates. When they eventually run into each other,Danny can't bring himself to be his true self in front of his friends.Embarrassed by his gushing sentiments, his genuine feelings for Sandy,he treats her off-handedly, cruelly even, and it seems impossible thatthey will ever rediscover their magical connection. Throughout thecontinuing story of Danny and Sandy's difficult on/off romance, we alsofollow the exploits of the other characters in their circle ? therisqué relationship between Kenickie (Jeff Conaway) and Rizzo (StockardChanning); the rivalry between the T-Birds and another gang, theScorpions, culminating in a classic car race; an impending dancecontest at Rydell; and the final graduation (and goodbyes) of each ofthe gang.What makes Grease work above everything else is the charm, enthusiasmand energy with which it is presented. There's a sense of everyonepulling in the same direction, entering into the spirit of things in amanner that becomes immediately infectious. The characters are at oncelovable and identifiable; their actions and reactions cleverly tunedinto real people and real feelings, but dressed up in a joyous musicalapproach. The musical set pieces are very well done indeed ? all thesongs pretty much deliver, getting the audience toe-tapping in spite ofthemselves. Best of all is the sensational closing number, You're TheOne That I Want, brilliantly choreographed against a fairgroundbackdrop, and featuring Newton John shedding her bookish image andwooing Danny in cinema's most infamous tight leather pants.Performance-wise the film is generally pretty good. Travolta and NewtonJohn have a lovely chemistry, even if their characters are a mite toobroadly painted at times. Channing is fabulous as the scene-stealingRizzo, and Eve Arden has some moments of pure comedic gold as thedisapproving school principal Miss McGee. Enduringly popular, alwaysfresh and fun to watch, and a real sing-along favourite, Grease isvastly entertaining if nothing else. Yes, its narrative meanderswithout much direction at times, but Grease is still a blast.