CASABLANCA is the best treatment ever of the ancient theme of the lovetriangle.  Set in World War II Casablanca, a Moroccan city under the controlof the collaborationist Vichy French government, the movie starts with anews wire that two German couriers have been murdered and their letters oftransit stolen.  Each letter will permit one person to leave Casablanca to aneutral country.Enter Humphrey Bogart as Rick Blaine, owner of the shady but cheerful CafeAmericaine.  Rick is a cynical and hard-nosed man whose motto is, "I stickmy neck out for nobody."  Like many a cynic, Rick is an embitteredex-idealist, still nursing his wounds from being abandoned by his lover Ilsa(Ingrid Bergman).  By chance he falls into possession of the missing lettersof transit.Enter Ilsa, who comes to Casablanca on the arm of Czech Resistance leaderVictor Laszlo (Paul Henreid), a few steps ahead of the Nazi police.  We nowhave three people and two letters of transit.  Who will reach America, andwho will stay in Casablanca?I know no other movie that so perfectly balances humor, romance, and drama. The soul of good drama lies in presenting characters with hard choices, andfew choices are as hard, or as illuminating of the protagonists' makeup, asthe choices in CASABLANCA.  All of the characters must decide what they willgive up for love, for honor, and for themselves.  The scenes of Rick andIlsa's love, years ago in Paris, are some of the finest romantic scenes incinema.  And the humor, particularly in the person of Casablanca's Prefectof Police, Louis Renault, has contributed dozens of dry witticisms to oureveryday language - "I am shocked! Shocked! - "The Germans wore gray, youwore blue." - "I was misinformed." - "It would take a miracle to get you outof Casablanca, and the Germans have outlawed miracles."  So perfectlyblended are these three major elements that you cannot point to a singleshot or scene that should have been eliminated from the movie.  Never try towatch only one scene from CASABLANCA; you will inevitably be absorbed untilthe very end of the film.  It is little short of miraculous that thechaotically mismanaged shooting of this movie resulted in such a magnificentfinal product; it speaks volumes for luck and for Owen Marks' and MichaelCurtiz' post-production editing.I have never encountered a movie whose supporting cast was so perfectlyrealized.  Every minor character is a fleshed-out, realistic individual,from Sasha to Carl the headwaiter to Rick's competitor Ferrari to theself-effacing criminal Ugarte.  Claude Rains' Captain Renault ("I'm only apoor corrupt official") steals scene after scene, and Dooley Wilson's Sam isa refreshingly loyal, charismatic and sympathetic conception from an erawhen almost all black characters were rendered as demeaning stereotypes. The only character who tastes of the cliche is the villainous MajorStrasser, which can be forgiven in a wartime production.The only film I have ever seen as tautly effective as CASABLANCA is GLORY. Although the 54th Mass.'s story is arguably superior even to CASABLANCA forsheer dramatic power and acting talent, GLORY lacks CASABLANCA's wonderfulhumor and romance, which causes me to give the edge to Curtiz' classic asthe better-rounded movie.  I have yet to see CASABLANCAsurpassed.Rating: **** out of ****.