Spoilers ahead, but then again, who isn't familiar with Casablanca,even if one hasn't seen it?I've been watching 'Casablanca' over and over again since I bought theSpecial Edition DVD, and is there any film out there one can watchagain and again without ever being tired of it? And does any filmappeal to a broader audience? Just everything about it seems to be asclose to perfection as it only can be.But what exactly is so special about it? Is it its great genre mix,never equaled by another film? When we think of 'Casablanca' first, weremember it as a romantic film (well, most of us do). But then again,its also a drama involving terror, murder and flight. One can call it acharacter study, centering on Rick. And there are quite a few momentsof comedic delight, just think of the pickpocket ("This place is fullof vultures, vultures everywhere!") or the elderly couple on the lastevening before their emigration to the US ("What watch?").But 'Casablanca' is not only great as a whole, it still stands on topif we break it apart and look at single lines of dialog, scenes orperformances alone. Is there any other film which has more quotabledialog than 'Casablanca'? 'Pulp Fiction' is on my mind here, and 'AllAbout Eve' and 'Sunset Blvd.' come close, too, but still I think'Casablanca' tops everything else. And not only is the dialog great,it's unforgettably delivered, especially by Humphrey Bogart ("I wasmisinformed.") and Claude Rains ("I am shocked, shocked to find thatgambling is going on here"). Many of scenes have become a part of filmhistory; the duel of 'Die Wacht am Rhein' and 'La Marseillaise' isprobably one of the greatest scenes ever shot (the only I can think ofthat would rival it for the #1 spot is Hynkel and the globe fromChaplin's 'The Great Dictator'), and the last scene is probably evenfamiliar to the few people who've never seen 'Casablanca'. Am I theonly one who is absolutely convinced that the film wouldn't have becomewhat it is today if Rick and Ilsa would have ended up as the luckycouple?About the performances: So much has been said about the uniqueness ofHumphrey Bogart's and Ingrid Bergman's chemistry as Rick and Ilsa,about Claude Rains' terrific turn as Renault, about the scene-stealingperformances by Peter Lorre (one of the 10 all-time greatest actors) asUgarte and Sydney Greenstreet as Ferrari and about Dooley Wilsonstopping the show as Sam. I'd love to emphasize here two otherperformances, one that is not mentioned quite as often and one which isblatantly overlooked: Conrad Veidt as Major Strasser had a reallydifficult task here, as his character is the only evil one, but stillStrasser is not a one-dimensional character, and it took more than 50years until another actor gave an equally (maybe even more) impressiveperformance as a Nazi, Ralph Fiennes in 'Schindler's List'. But why noone ever mentions S. K. Sakall, who plays Carl, the jolly waiter atRick's Café Américain, is beyond me. He has definitely more screen timethan Lorre, Greenstreet and Wilson, and probably about as much asVeidt, and he's a joy whenever he's on the screen. I simply love hisreaction when the pickpocket ("Vultures everywhere!") accidentallybumps into him, or the reaction to the "What watch"-dialog. Or how hesays he gave Strasser the best table, "being a German, he would havetaken it anyway". His performance is simply criminally overlooked.So is there a weakest link in 'Casablanca'? Every film, no matter howclose to perfection, has a minor flaw or two, so one can find them in'Casablanca', too, if one really tries hard. So yes, one might ask howmuch sense the entire mumbo jumbo about the letters of transit makes.One might point out that Paul Henreid, although his performance iscertainly good, doesn't come close to the greatness of any of hisco-stars. However, the film is so close to perfection that I'm almostashamed that I'm so desperately trying to find less-than-perfectelements.So whatever films will come, how many sequels will overflow the screen,and how much junk we will have to sit through, one thing is certain ifwe're desperate to see a great film: We'll always have Casablanca!