When I was a little boy I discovered a box full of VHS tapes my parentshad back in the early 2000s. The Independence Day and Top Gun whereinside the box as well. I played Top Gun over and over and over. I fellin love with flying and planes. To this very day Maverick (Tom Cruise)remains my all-time hero and the coolest movie character ever.So what's so great about Top Gun anyway? Nothing particular. This moviereally doesn't have anything special besides having a spectacularsoundtrack. Other movies have a better story, better acting, betterspecial effects etc. Where other movies land short behind Top Gun is inblending everything together. I'm usually not in favor for emphasizinga romantic side story in action movies but Top Gun has room for bothaction and romance. I think that's due to focusing on Maverick (TomCruise) as a par exelans aviator. Tom Cruise's performance is justunbelievably and equally slick be it flying a plane or getting downwith a lady.Let me comment on soundtrack for a few lines. I'm pretty sure thatnobody who had seen Top Gun didn't forget Harold Faltermeyer's Top GunAnthem. That's action soundtrack along with Kenny Login's Danger Zone.Berlin's Take My Breath Away and The Righteou's Brothers You've LostThat Love Feeling are romantic songs both of which immediately take meback to Kelly McGillis and a famous bar scene. Action and romance arepretty much separated throughout the whole movie: first we enjoy epicair combat and then romance each having it's own amazing soundtrack.Air combat by itself is nothing spectacular seen from 2016. standpoint.What makes it spectacular are pilots. All of them represent eliteaviators. Maverick and Goose, Iceman, Viper, Jester, Cougar, Hollywoodand others have their own helmet which enables you to recognize themwhen they're flying. Their air-mode communication style is veryentertaining as well. Some people call Maverick's and Iceman's rivalrythe greatest bromance of all time. Yes, they're both macho, usuallyhaving only towel on when in conversation.So to conclude: I'm never gonna loose that lovin' feelin' for Top Gunsince this movie takes all traditional movie elements, which bythemselves don't have anything special and are pretty much average, andmakes a special movie, very cool movie with unforgettable characters.