This movie is considered a classic and to some people the greatestmovie of all time. I think that it is quite a good movie but would notgo as far as that. What the Princess Bride is is a fairy tale designedto capture the hearts and fantasies of those who watch it, and thismovie succeeds in what it sets out to do, but to understand what thePrincess Bride really is, one must look at its origins because, unlikemost films, it has a very strange origin indeed, and in fact until thefilm was made, it was incredibly obscure. But before I discuss this, Iwill run through the plot.The movie is based around Princess Buttercup and a farmboy Wesley. Atthe beginning of the movie we discover that they truly love each other,but Wesley is poor so sets off to make some money. During the time theevil Prince Humperdink sees Buttercup and decides that he wants tomarry her, and as a prince he can marry who he likes. While out ridingthough she is kidnapped by a rather nasty character and his henchmenInigo and Fenik. While sailing to another country Wesley, now known asthe dread pirate Roberts, catches up with her and rescues her only tobe captured by the evil prince Humperdink and sentenced to lie in thepit of despair for eternity.As I said this film is your typical fairy tale with the beautifulwoman, the evil prince, the dashing hero, and the nasty monsters. Theoriginal is also quite old, but if that is so, why is it not read toevery child at bedtime? Well, the new book is very difficult to obtain:I managed to borrow it from a friend whose brother got it from America,and the original book is not exactly the type of book that one reads tochildren (though William Goldman, the screenwriter for the movie andthe author of the new book claims that his Grandfather read it to him).The interesting thing is trying to date it from the movie and the newbook. Goldman claims that the book that he wrote is a truncated versionof the old book with only his comments added and the boring stuffexcluded. Thus dating it would put it after the Russo-Japanese War of1905 - as somewhere somebody mentions the foolishness of fighting aland war in Asia, and that is the first war in Asia that the Europeanslost (and the book does take a Euro-centric world view). Another linementions the mafia (approximately 1850) and only criminals dwelling inAustralia (1776, the year the first colony, a prison colony, wasestablished in Australia). Only the last line I actually remember fromthe book.Now what about the original? Well Goldman claims that the originalauthor stated that the book was a exposition on the cultures of thenations of Florin and Guilder (which do not exist). The originalsupposedly contains chapters describing, intricately, princessButtercup's wardrobe and other such stuff. The most disturbing part ofthe book is the end, where Wesley, Fenrik, and Inigo suddenly die fromold wounds, and Humperdink catches up with Buttercup and forces her tomarry him. The movie does not end in such a sadistic way, but whenknowing about this ending, it opens one's eyes to the nature of thebook. One wonders why such a good movie with such a good plot would usesuch pathetic names as Buttercup and Humperdink? The first answer isthat it is a children's movie, but the main reason is that the originalbook is a satire. The story is supposed to be a fairytale, but thesadistic ending seems to show how pathetic the happily ever afterendings are simply unrealistic and stupid.It sounds as if the original book was some long and boring treatisewith pockets of interesting story thrown in (a little like Moby Dick,which seems to be a text-book on whaling with the story of thefanatical captain Ahab thrown in). The movie on the otherhand is quiteenjoyable and we must thank Goldman's grandfather for putting Goldmanthrough the torture of listening to the story yet having the desire torerelease it in its new, enjoyable, form. I do wonder is the originaldid exist, but my friend seems convinced that it does.