Grease is, and always will be my favorite film of all time. Sure somehave come very close to topping it off at My Number 1 Favorite. ButGrease Is Special to me.How special? Well, I have the DVD, I Have The 25th Anniversary VHS WithCD and Script and Tape of the film. I sing all of the songs whenwatching. Also, This is one of the few films that I want to be one ofthe characters, the few films that make me want to be one of the mainand supporting roles in the stage musical that inspired it, its thatspecial.One of the reasons Grease is perfect is because of the characters.Danny and Sandy stand out as one of the greatest couples in film. Thecasting of the characters is perfect! Also, There is an excellentamount of emotion. Not too much soft dialog, not to much rough dialog,the script knows exactly what to do with the characters.But I want to talk about the music. It is cherished by everyone aroundthe world and is what made the movie so famous and a smash hit at thebox office and earning an nomination at the Oscars for Best OriginalSong for Hopelessly Devoted to You. The songs have a awesome beat,clever and original lyrics, and some of the best choreography in amusical ever. If I had to choose my favorite song, it would be all ofthem! You just can't pick one.The Televised Dance Sequence is one of many show stoppers. I have neverbeen amazed this much at this amazing sequence with such memorablesongs such as Born To Hand Jive. It ends with a very funny scene thateveryone will laugh out loud at.The movie portrays the 50's as a hot time with cool cars and gangs andhigh school chicks with fancy diners with jukeboxes and pregnancyrumors flying around town. The art direction is amazing and I wish Icould see the production pictures made by Art Director Phillip M.Jefferies.Everyone will love Grease. Even Your Friend next door who is denyingthe fact that he hates it! Grease is the most special movie in theworld for me. It is still to this day the highest grossing musical ofall time and for a good reason.100/100 A+