Top Gun, a movie that can be defined by one simple word. Fantastic.*Warning* if you are a movie conisour who enjoys movies with deep plots andphenomenal profound acting, this is not the movie for you...Top Gun is a movie that is in my Top 5, without a doubt. This movie iseverything 1980's American youth craved. Action, patriotism, rock music,andof course our military forces decimating fragile and infinitesimal enemyforces.Keep this in mind when watching this movie. Top Gun is not a movie thatshould be watched over with a fine tooth comb. If you actually watch thismovie from a critical standpoint, you will notice that there are manytechnical glitches (i.e. switching of airplane registration numbers withthesame pilot in them, enemy fighters appearing out of nowhere, etc.)and acouple of cheesy scenes (i.e. volleyball scene, shower scene, etc.). Theacting at times gets a bit ridiculous, and of course Tom Cruise singing"YouLost That Loving Feeling", since when do hard core naval aviators singsappylove songs?Ok, so we have covered these items that critics jumped all over whenreviewing this movie. It's time to get down to basics. What is the mainpurpose of a movie? To entertain it's audience of course. And when it comesdown to basic entertainment, this movie rains supreme. The Ariel DogFighting scenes are absolutely fantastic. The acting is pretty good, andtheplot is decent. A renegade navy pilot who doesn't play by the rules, comesback after loosing his RIO and becomes the hero. This ladies and gentlemen,is classic American heroism at it's best. And myself along with 90% of theAmerican Public loved it. From the first "Stay on my wing, I'll take youallthe way in" to "You can be my wingman anytime" this movie thrilled andentertained a confused American public, and re-taught them how to takepridein their country.This movie was so successful because it reached out to all audiences. Theguys loved the fast planes and rock music, the ladies enjoyed seeing TomCruise and Val Kilmer play volleyball topless. Top Gun along with movieslike Breakfast Club, Pretty in Pink, 16 Candles, and Fast Times were themovies that were delighting 1980's youth around America.The one star in this movie that dosen't get enough recognition in myopinionis the Grumman F-14 Tomcat. This plane which has been the backbone of theUSnavy for almost 35 years, is the real star of this film. An aircraft thatiscapable of supersonic flight, able to track 24 targets and fire on 6 ofthemby the push of a button, and is able to wipe out bogeys up to 80 miles awaywith it's Phoenix missile. DO you think this movie could of been made withthe under-powered F-86? Absolutely not, this behemoth of an aircraft madeTop Gun the best aerial/fighter plane film ever.In closing, Top Gun is an awesome movie. If you enjoy those deep movieslikeDead Poet's Society, don't even gaze your eyes on this movie as you pass itin the store. If your looking for a movie with fantastic action packedsequences, and macho un-realistic acting, hey welcome to the club. Pickthisone up for sure, you'll really enjoy it.Rating 10/10EndNote: The only major flaw with Top Gun? Cruise has to drive around onthat ridiculous motorcycle. Yes it added significantly to his bad-boyimage,but he should of been riding around in a 1986 turbo charged Buick GrandNational. Bad call on the motorcycle there props crew..