I will join the chorus... This is a beautiful, and thoroughly enjoyablefantasy film as long as you watch it in digital widescreen and do notbother with the 1hr 30min version. The Director's Cut(better known asthe European release) is worthy of an IMDb rating of 8. The Americantheatrical release is worthy of a 6.5.This is a fairly straightforward fantasy conceived and directed byRidley Scott, one of the greatest mainstream directors of our time. Thestory follows a young man who lives in a forest (Jack, played by TomCruise) and a spirited young princess (Lily - Mia Sara) who is in lovewith him. The lord of darkness (Tim Curry) has sent forth his minionsto capture the last two remaining unicorns so that he can banish lightfrom the world forever. Unicorns are attracted to innocence, and sothey find themselves in Jack and Lily's company just as the dark lord'splay begins to unfold. Before long, Jack and his magical forest friendsmust save Lily, the one remaining unicorn and the world from the graspof the dark lord at any price.Even the lengthier director's cut goes by just a little too quickly.But it's pace is not comparable to the incredibly hasty studio chop-jobof the American release. The story is epic, but the medium is not. Allconsidered, however, the production team did a great job given thelength limits afforded for the film.Cruise does pretty well with a role that must have been a little hardto interpret. Jack must behave as a hero, a young man who has learnedmost of his lessons from nature, and a teenager to varying degreesthroughout the film. Mia Sara is delightful a Lily. Tim Curry and DavidBennent (Honeythorn Gump) get pretty close to stealing the show. Inall, the acting is fine, but the star of the film is really the camera.Scott has often proved his ability to create immersive experiences inworlds which are somewhat alien (no pun intended) to his audience.Legend does this perhaps as powerfully as his most far-out films(Alien, and Bladerunner). The cinematography, editing, and specialeffects are exceptionally good, and make the fairly average plot glow.Each scene is a work of art.Highly recommended for fantasy fans, Ridley Scott, Tim Curry and MiaSara fans and those interested in artfully presented effects.Recommended for fans of Pan's Labyrinth and Mirrormask. Weaklyrecommended for Tom Cruise fans.