Grandpa (Peter Falk) comes to his grandson's (Fred Savage's sickbed) toentertain him - he's going to read the tale of the Princess Bride - astory with fencing, and giants, and all the excitement and adventurethe grandson craves, with some love scenes as well. What Savage and theaudience do not realize is that they are getting a bunch of the oddestfigures in a fairy tale that one can imagine.On the surface THE PRINCESS BRIDE tells us the story of Westley (CaryElwes) and Buttercup (Robin Wright Penn). Westley a groom onButtercup's estate who falls in love with (and is in love with)Buttercup. But he is lost at sea, and she reluctantly agrees tomarrying Prince Humperdink (Chris Sarandon). She is kidnapped by the atrio of brigands (Wallace Shawn, Mandy Patinkin, and Andre the Giant)who seem to intend to kill her. This can have serious repercussions onthe relations of the two neighboring counties (one of which is ruled byPrince Humperdink). But the kidnappers are pursued at sea by amysterious pirate ship. They are pursued on land too - and confrontedby a legendary pirate (Elwes). He has a confrontation with each,concluding with Wallace Shawn, who outsmarts himself in a dizzyphilosophical duel. So it goes in this crazy story, with it's wizards, giant rats, cruelrulers and their assistants (Christopher Guest) and duels and vengeanceand true love conquering in the end. The chief villain is notphysically destroyed (not even the original SHREK avoided that cliché),but left universally ruined by humiliation. The second hero neatlyavenges his father. The fact is the characters behave ratherrealistically in this story. Guest when confronted by a physical threatbehaves realistically - he flees. The marriage ceremony is presidedover by "an impressive clergyman" (Peter Cook) who gets so carried awayby his own eloquence he fails to do an important act in the ceremony. Awizard and his quarreling wife (Billy Crystal and Carol Kane) give acharm to help the heroes, wave pleasantly as they leave, and then admitthey couldn't care less about these people.I do not think any other attempt at a filmed fairy story was ever sosatiric, except the above mentioned SHREK and it's sequels (which cameafter THE PRINCESS BRIDE). THE WIZARD OF OZ was funny at points, but itwas not a satire of the genre (and the two wicked witches in the filmwere destroyed). Nothing by Disney was satiric. You can consider thecartoons on ROCKY AND BULLWINKLE (FRACTURED FAIRY TALES) as aprecedent, but that was a television show - not a movie. Also they weretold quickly (within three or four minutes tops). But THE PRINCESSBRIDE made the fairy tale grow up. It did not forget the charm of thegenre - the wonder of the dangers confronting Buttercup and Westley arethere (and quite real) throughout the film. So is the warmth of theoccasional scenes and comments between Falk telling the story andSavage hearing it. But they certainly knew how to make the story moreaccessible to adults by the spoofing. It is a very well done film anddeserves a "10".