Without a doubt in my humble opinion, this very energetic and fast-pacedfilm did so much to boost recruitment into the Navy in the late'80's!I saw it in its initial release in the summer of '86 and had a blast of atime! Driven by an excellent soundtrack (even today) and terrific editing,it was a tight and non-stop thrill ride that kept me engrossed for most ofthat viewing and is still immensely enjoyable today! I own the DVD withbothpan/scan and widescreen versions. Video quality is very good and theaudio... well, lets just say in 5.1 it will blow your shorts off...especially the opening credits!! I always make it a point to crank it up!The technical aspects of the film are of particularly of interest tome.The flight deck scenes and the aerial sequences are particularly fun towatch. It would be hard to deny that watching the (now venerable) Tomcatinall its glory is truly a thing of beauty! At least two aircraft carrierswere used to depict USS Enterprise (CVN 65); The big 'E' herself and theNimitz-class Carl Vinson (CVN 70). You would need a practiced eye to seewhich was used where in the film but the two ships are quite different ifyou know what to look for. But, to a casual observer out to just have agreat time, the differences are not apparent. The fictional Russian'MiG-28's' were in fact F-5's which look like nothing I am aware of in theSoviet inventory!! But, considering the time frame that filming occurreditis understandable that the production would not have had the means or theresources to procure bona-fide operational MiGs!!! If you are a militaryhardware nut or know what you are looking at, some suspension of disbeliefis required! It doesn't hurt the film though unless you get hung up on thedetails.*Potential Spoiler Alert* The aerial stall incident depicted in the filmwasbased on actual problems with the original F-14 A's which used Pratt andWhitney power plants, prompting  a change to the GE F-110's which all buteliminated this deficiency in the A+ and D upgrades. I digress... This wasavery dramatic scene which shows how dangerous a 'Punch Out' can be, whichitis even under 'ideal' conditions.Dogfighting is just what the Tomcat is designed for and to do that, youhaveto get closer than you would with missiles (much closer). The idea as wasstated in the movie is to increase your 'kill ratio'. The bit of historyconcerning Vietnam was accurate. So I have no heartburn with seeing theaircraft so close. It can and does happen.My advice: See it and have a great experience doing so!8.5/10