This movie is on the higher end of 'meh'. It's seen as something of acomedy classic today, and I can see how in 1987, it probably felt veryfresh and as such received a very positive response. I'd have probablyenjoyed it more if I'd seen it then. But I just don't think it holds up- it's not terrible by any means, but I don't think it's quite as goodas people seem to remember it as being.So it's a fantasy-comedy-adventure that (obviously) doesn't take itselftoo seriously. As such the plot is fairly predictable and thecharacters largely played for laughs - which is fine - but I don'tthink it's actually done consistently well. There are definitely somefunny moments, but I think I only laughed properly three times in thisfilm. Partially I think it's because that, by now, we've seen this kindof comedy a lot (again, at the time, I'm sure it was a lot newer andfresher), and moved on from comedy based around the fact thatapparently Spanish accents are funny (here's looking at you FawltyTowers).It looks really cheap, and yes, I appreciate it's nearly 30 years old,but a lot of films made in the 80s (even in the 70s) had better effectsand sets than this. There isn't really any ambition with the world it'sset in - it's very dull and stereotypical and it doesn't really fitwith the fact that this is supposed to be a kooky, original world. The guy who played the Spaniard aside, I just don't think it was actedvery well either. The female lead especially is wooden, and there wasabsolutely nothing (even comedic) to her character or given in herperformance. I couldn't really get into the 'story within a story' element either -the granddad telling the story to his grandchild is shown for about 10minutes and there's nothing to it - I just kept asking myself why? Whydid they choose this setup? It doesn't help the overall flow of thefilm in any way and just seemed like an odd choice.As I said, there were a few good laughs, but not enough for me to wantto see this again any time soon. It has its fans but I think a lot ofthem need to remove the nostalgic veneer of their memory of this filmand come back now and watch it. A warning: you may be disappointed.6/10.