Pete "Maverick" Mitchell is a hot shot super jet pilot in waiting.Trouble is is that he has a disregard for authority and carries arounda family burden into the bargain. Selected for training at the Top Gunschool in San Diego, Mitchell must harness his ability and realise hisdreams, or else face the consequence.Top Gun is a golden film, why you ask? Well it's one of those odditiesthat most people know is actually not very good in substance, yet itamazingly stands up as a secretly closeted treasure from an enigmaticcinematic time. Top Gun can probably lay claim to being the definitionof the 80s pop picture, blaring music coupled with tremendous actionsequences are oddly offset by the formulaic sub-plots happening down onthe Top Gun floor. Yes the film has no substance, but director TonyScott and scallywag producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer mergeda number of crowd pleasing elements to create a box office smash, andin the process launch one time poster boy Tom Cruise into thestratosphere of super stardom.We have a military setting, daring do training programme, buff bodiesfor those of any sexual persuasion, competitive edginess, and of coursethe obligatory love interest romance that here is as unlikely as it isactually forced. Tho to be fair to both Cruise {great and cocky} andKelly McGillis {miscast and poor}, their love scenes are tender andcomfortably raising the pulse beat in 80s cinema sensuality. Much machoposturing drips from every other frame, be it Cruise tearing around onhis motorcycle or Val Kilmer {Iceman} pumping out his bare chest andsmirking away. It could be said that Top Gun is an advertisement forthe homo-erotic army! Yet in spite of its obvious daftness, Top Gun isvery much a thrill ride. Disengage yourself from the preposterousnature of events out of the sky, and it royally entertains as an actionpicture of worth. Zooming jet sequences and sparky man to man beefcakeexchanges more than make this a worthy revisit, especially now in thisHD and booming home cinema age.It's not great for sure, and anyone really proclaiming it to be as suchhas been having MTV filtered into their brains for the last 20 years.But it is an entertaining film, and the people involved with it knewexactly what they was doing, and when one looks at the ream of poorimitations that have followed over the years? Well Top Gun actuallyholds up as one of the most quintessential 80s pictures evermade....for better or worse? 7/10