Grease is an energetic, upbeat musical that takes place in the 1950's.The movie does a fantastic job of capturing the time period andbringing the audience back to when Rock and Roll was here to stay andeveryone danced the Jitterbug, with the costumes, hair and makeup, setdesigns, cars, and the music to match. All of the songs are very catchyand further engage the crowd into the film. Grease has made such alasting impression that even people today for Halloween still dress upas the iconic main characters, Danny and Sandy.Grease is the story of a bad boy, Danny Zuko, who has a summer flingwith a sweet girl from Australia, Sandy Olson. At the end of the summerthey believe their love is over and they must go their separate ways,but find themselves at the same school in the fall. The rest of themovie goes through their senior year of high school and the ups anddowns of their relationship, as well as their relationship with theirfriends.John Travolta does an excellent job playing the bad boy Danny Zuko. Hehas the right look and attitude that really made the character come tolife. With this bad boy attitude, Travolta made all the girls in themovie, as well as watching the movie, fall in love with him. He broughtout an inner Elvis Presley type character when he sang and danced thatfit right in with the era of the movie that made the plot so much moreconvincing. Olivia Newton-John played the sweet girl from Australia,Sandy Olson, who goes with Danny Zuko. Olivia Newton-John just has thelovable, innocent, pure look to her that makes her character morebelievable. Her voice is very smooth and elegant when she sings and itjust makes the audience more engaged in her character. The director didan outstanding job selecting the actor/actress to play the maincharacters, as well as the rest of the cast.Even though the overall film is entertaining, the theme presented iscontroversial for teenage girls. Grease gives the message that in orderfor a boy to like you, you need to change for them; whether that belooks, attitude, personality, etc. Not only does the movie send thismessage, but media and magazines today give young girls the sense thatthey are not good enough. A girl should not have to change to make aboy like her. We need to be sending messages to young girls to beconfident in their own skin and they are perfect just the way they are.      Grease has changed the musical genre. There have been many moviesmade similar to it, like High School Musical and Hairspray. It has beena hit since it premiered in theaters and is still a favorite among manypeople today. If you are looking for a musical with a cheesy love storyand great singing and dancing, this is the movie for you.