The following is an excerpt from a non-fiction story I wrote entitled"Eighteen Years from Olean." Copyright 2004. All Rights Reserved.The set up is that I'm 18 years old, and about one week after mygraduation from High School. I've been having a one year, long distanceromance with a girl named Tammy. I've driven 500 miles to surprise her,and here's what we did the first night I arrived? Chapter 11 The Castle Cinema; Olean, New York; Summer 1986 We came back to her place, had dinner with her mom?I don't rememberanyone else being there?and Tammy suggested that we see a movie. Therewas a new film playing in town that she really wanted to see and askedme if I would take her. Of course I would.The local two screen cinema was called The Castle, and my memory tellsme that it was?not surprisingly?built like a castle, with spires, anduneven brick around the top like Jack-O-Lantern teeth. She told me thename of the movie and I distinctly remember thinking what a stupidtitle. It sounded like a cheesy cowboy movie. I had not heard of it?itwas very new?and was certain that it was going to suck. I despisedwesterns. But I would try to suffer through this horrible movie for hersake, knowing full and well that I would hate it.The film was Top Gun.Boy was I wrong.Top Gun was the paradigm of 80's cinema. By that I mean it was ahigh-octane action/adventure film with a script filled with campydialog, and a thin, formulaic plot that was driven by a kick-asssoundtrack. It was common of the motion pictures during that decade forthe music to be the star; one long rock video, like the ones we watchedon that new network MTV (back when they actually played videos).I'm only a little embarrassed to tell you that Top Gun changed my life.I had already started skydiving by then and the visuals of aviation andthe attitude of the pilots drew me in. I saw that movie not less thanten times while it was still playing in theaters, and countless timessince on video and DVD. Even now I know every line by heart. It was thescript for my generation, introducing such phrases as "Talk to meGoose," "It's time to buzz the tower", "Let's turn and burn", "call theball" and "I feel the need?the need for speed." Obviously I wasn't theonly one infatuated with this movie. Top Gun was the winner of thePeople's Choice Award for 1986, nominated for four Academy Awards(winning one), catapulting six of its songs to Billboard's Top 10, and,oh yeah, it grossed three-hundred million dollars world-wide. It was apopular film. On a practical note, my repeated viewings of Top Gun intheaters taught me an invaluable lesson about performance.Throughout my time in theater, mostly plays, we were always told thatthere is no bad audience, only a bad performance. That's a lie.A film doesn't change from performance to performance. Every line isdelivered exactly the same way, with the same timing and the sameinflection. The performance give by the actors is identical each timeit's viewed; exactly as it was the instant it was captured on film.Yet, I noticed that each time I saw Top Gun in a cinema, the audiencereacted differently.Sometimes they would laugh at the humorous parts, other times not. Afew times they cheered when Maverick shot the last MIG, and once ortwice they actually chuckled when Goose hit his head on the canopy,breaking his neck. The live people in the audience never, in fact,responded the same way at any two showings of the film. Now since themovie changed not one iota, I came to the conclusion that there areindeed bad audiences.On occasion, when I have a show that tanks, I reminded myself of theTop Gun rule, and it brings me comfort.Sometimes.