'Legend' is a beautifully done and whimsically magical work ofchildren's cinema that doesn't leave out the "cinema". many children'swork is often superior children's entertainment but don't alwayscompete effectively with cinema masterworks. i don't know if i would goas far as to say 'Legend' is Cocteau, but you compare it favorably.seldom has anyone attempted a children's film with such intelligenceand ambition, or infused one with such sophisticated beauty. this filmcan definitely be described as serious cinematic artistry.i have seen very few people outside of Jim Henson who can effectivelymake a film like this. it has all the medieval, Gothic folklore feelthat Henson brings to his magic. it even at times surpass s Henson indoing what Henson established as his "trademark" fantasy look. maybenot as cute or funny as 'Labyrinth' or 'Dark Crystal', but a good dealmore sophisticated, and still just as whimsical in nature.Tom Cruise is aptly cast as a teen age woodland sprite. there are timeswhen you look the twenty something actor and you could swear he was nomore than fifteen or sixteen which would probably be the age of hisboyish character in the film. Mia Sara is sweet and attractive asCruise's little princess and also equally conveys a sense of teen ageyouth.this was also one of those rare film's that employed the iconic BillyBarty as well as a lot of other "little people" actors and dwarfs. muchlike the film 'Willow' which hosted "real" little person's and notfaked, CGI simulated ones like in 'Snow White and the Huntsman'.i have seen few films that deal so much in symbolism that are as easyto decipher as this. although it's story is told with lots ofarchetypal and religious symbolism, nothing is ever lost or difficultto grasp, even for many young viewers. like the eerie and atmosphericsequence when the princess waltzes with the darker nature of herpersonality. symbolic and artistic in approach, but simple and straightforward enough to be wholly comprehensible.'Legend' is a contemporary children's classic that truly elevateschildren's cinema to a much higher level of sophistication than isusually attempted. still it doesn't "sell out" by being too adult orcynical in it's appeal. in fact it strives for simplicity, which is oneof the reasons this mega-budget production never seems over blown orover done. it never loses sight of the 'fairy' element or it'ssimplicity.like the films of Jim Henson, this is evocative children's fantasy atit's very best and a must for every child while growing up.i also must note that the director's cut is far superior to thebutchered U.S. theatrical release.