My Take: Although a slight disappointment, Ridley Scott did drown mewith his excessively imaginative visions. If we get a hold of Ridley Scott's paperback-thick portfolio, it's nodoubt that this fancy yet admittedly bloated 1985 fantasy will probablyat the very least pages. LEGEND, a minor"why-not-I-got-a-big-Hollywood-star" vehicle that probably sufferedimmense flaws of not fulfilling the same amount of greatness we expectfrom a director of Scott's caliber. Still, It's a good look for purecuriosity sake. Besides, are you gonna pass up the chance to see TomCruise play a forest dweller? Younger kids love a good fairy tale before getting tucked in at night.Some adults love watching their own "fairy tales", adult-orientedfantasies of course. "Legend" is one film the adults can enjoy, thatthe kids won't regret. It's an adult-oriented fantasy film, withchild-like visions of a fantasy world. A world with dwarfs, goblins,evil dark lords, unicorns, fairies and other fantasies straight outfrom a storybook. But director Ridley Scott fashioned it in a storythat the adults will mostly benefit from."Legend" stars a very young Tom Cruise, a role before he became asuperstar with "Top Gun", who stars as a forest-dwelling young man whomost save a beautiful young princess from the evil Lord of Darknesswith the help of a couple of woodland creatures. Okay, the story isn'texactly like an adult fairy tale, but much of the dialog is fashionedfor the suit older audiences. The film itself is very fantastic, it's really like living in a worldof magic, wonder and desire. Rob Bottin's Oscar-nominated make-up jobon the creatures (especially on Tim Curry) are excellent, the score byJerry Goldsmith is whimsical. William Hjortsberg's screenplay may turnoff a few viewers (and occasionally, there are moments of witlessdialogue), but I found it exquisite and rather interesting. It's a slight disappointment to be sure. More could have been done tosomething as visually stunning and deeply poetic as LEGEND. But no onesays what came out isn't worth a look. I was entranced with the film'sglorious, dream-like visions. Rating: ***1/2 out of 5.