Now, I know what you're thinking,"Isn't Legend the best fantasy movieever made?" The answer is damn skippy.Legend is part of my 80's fantasy holy trifecta; the other 2 moviesbeing The Dark Crystal and Labyrinth.Legend is about The Lord of Darkness (Tim Curry) trying to create totaldarkness on earth (aka Goblin Paradise) so he can be all-powerful. Inorder to do this he must kill the 2 existing unicorns on the planet.Well, he doesn't necessarily have to kill the unicorns, rather removetheir alicorns. It is up to the nature boy Jack (Tom Cruise), The Gump(a little German dude), 2 elves, and a sassy little fairy to stop him.That is the main plot of the movie, which I think is solid. It's theperfect fantasy formula. The sub-plot is about the relationship betweenJack and Princess Lili (Mia Sara). She is a princess for those of youwho refuse to acknowledge the director's cut. But we'll get back tothat issue. To further the sub-plot, the Lord of Darkness is also afterLili, probably because she was the hottest princess in any movie evermade.This is 1 of 2 movies I like Tom Cruise in. His performance is fine. Ithink the movie makes him seem better than he actually is. Tim Currywas born to play the part of Darkness. I can't think of anyone better.Mia Sara was the second girl I fell in love with all because of thismovie. She was great and really showed some range. She had to playsweet and innocent at the beginning of the film, frightened andconfused in the middle, and dark and evil at the end. But my favoriteperformance of the whole film was Robert Picardo as Meg Mucklebones.Classic! The characters of this movie are rich and vibrant. This is inpart due to the acting, but maybe even more so due to the atmosphereand f/x of the movie. The atmosphere is something that Ridley Scottexcelled in during the 80's. The sets and cinematography are grand andreally bring the viewer into that world.The special f/x of the 80's are my favorite kind, meaning no CGI. Themakeup for Darkness, Blix, and Meg is some of the best ever. If thismovie were made today (by people other than Jackson or del Toro) thenthose characters would have been completely CGI. The slime on Blix'sface during the beginning while talking to Darkness, oh how itglistens! Now let's get down to business: Theatrical release versusDirector's cut. This is my favorite part to talk about. If you're likeme, you grew up with the American, Tangerine Dream, theatrical release.I fell in love with this movie. Although I've always thought thesoundtrack seemed out of place. For the longest time I thought I wasgoing crazy though. I remembered a scene from this movie from when Iwas young but wasn't in my theatrical release VHS when I was older. Iremembered the Meg Mucklebones scene being longer than the one on myVHS. After years of research, the version of the movie I had originallyseen was the PBS cut which is basically the theatrical version with afew extended scenes including the MM scene. I also found that there are5 confirmed cuts in all.I was introduced to the director's cut in 2005. This version hasextended scenes all over the place as well as just flat out new scenes.It also had re-edited versions some of the same scenes. The first timeI watched this version I thought it was stupid and thought I neverwould watch it again. But I had to watch it again mainly because it hasthe extended Meg scene which is my favorite. After about 12 viewings, Ifind the Director's cut superior. The only thing I really don't likeabout it is Lili's singing scenes. While I miss the Tangerine Dreamscore, the Jerry Goldsmith score is much more appropriate for a fantasyfilm and adds to the ambiance. The Tangerine Dream score dates it. Andwe finally find out that Lili is a princess! This has always slightlyconfused me in the theatrical release. I new she was upper class butwasn't sure about her specific status. Also, on the bonus materials onthe Ultimate Edition DVD, there are deleted scenes that I wish wereincluded in the actual movie. Fun fact: There were actually 4 goblinsat the beginning who were searching for the unicorns. We see how the4th one dies as well as how Blunder gets his claw hand.The only real complaint I have about the movie is this: When the heroesenter the layer of Darkness, the goblins are no where to be found. Theyare literally never seen again in the movie. It would seem to me thatthey would be protecting the unicorn or the "tree" from intruders. Inever have really understood what happened with them.Again, this movie is the best fantasy movie of all time; yes, evenbetter than any of the Lord of the Rings movies. Comment if youdisagree, I dare you. This is my second favorite Ridley Scott movie.Director's Cut: 9 out of 10. American Theatrical Version: 8 out of 10.