Out of all the films that are considered classic milestones incinema?how many fully deserve that status?? Not that many, let me tellyou?but Casablanca absolutely does! Casablanca has become historyitself, a legendary production that'll live on forever. And it should!This film is essential viewing for everyone who ever showed interest incinema. Every sequence in Casablanca is brilliant, every character isintriguing and every setting is breath taking. Especially when you'rewatching it for the first time?you'll be surprised how much youactually know about it already. Multiple ideas, lines and sequenceswere so influential and important to cinema, that they have been usednumberless times afterwards. You might even say that cinema would havelooked completely different if it wasn't for Casablanca. It's abrilliant love-story with irresistible film-noir and comedy aspects.The entire script - line by line - is pure nostalgic and some of thedialogues originally shown here grew out to become pure historical art.This intelligent movie also depends a lot on its superb cast, ofcourse. Bogart portrays a terrific character here?a performance thatyet has to find its equal. His brute and heartless portrayal of Rick isfascinating, especially because you soon find out that he is in factjust a hurt romanticist, heart-broken by a girl who's about to show upagain. This girl (the stunning Ingrid Bergman) is practically the mostmarvelous lady who ever appeared on the big screen. Thanks to hernatural charm and beauty, Bergman makes the most out of Ilsa. Film-noirstars Claude Rains and Peter Lorre supply the film with terrificsupporting characters and a right amount of humor and parody. It'samazing how this film combines so many different genres successfully.The cruelty and drama of the war and the rise of the 'Third Empire' ismixed with comedy and romance in a unique way. It cannot bedenied?Casablanca is pure perfection and everyone should appreciate it.This film isn't to be missed by anyone, whether you're young,middle-aged or retired?this film will move you.