I am an avid fantasy fan even as a 26-year old adult so after readingthe glowing reviews on this site (and a few bad ones) I decided to giveLegend, the longer director's cut version with the Goldsmithsoundtrack, a try as I somehow missed it growing up. Oh dear.. afterwatching this, for the life of me I couldn't understand how peoplecould possibly rate this a 10. Although there are great costumes/makeupand beautiful visuals, especially in the first 10-15 mins, the filmrapidly deteriorates thereafter. The characters come off as extremelyhollow, and the script is at times atrocious even for an 80's film. Iactually felt embarrassed for the actors at some points. But whatreally annoyed me more than that was all throughout the film thingswere happening with little explanation or continuity. The characters'motivations are never explored and they continuously do and say thingsfor no reason at all. Because of this, it makes it very hard to careabout any of them.There was one unique scene involving Lily and Darkness which otherreviewers have mentioned that could have been jaw-droppingly great hadit been set up and executed better. While it was a cool-looking scene,I didn't really appreciate it because I was too busy trying to figureout what on earth was going on. And that is how I feel about the wholefilm, to be honest. With better character development, an entirely newscript, and the same gorgeous visuals and costumes, this could havebeen a masterpiece, but unfortunately it falls flat and loses appealafter around 25 minutes once you have said to yourself "Oh, whatgorgeous scenery, that must have taken them AGES and lots of $$$ todo.. but what about... um.. well.. EVERYTHING else??" Sorry people, butgreat visuals do not a movie make.BOTTOM LINE: I have come to the conclusion that the people who haverated and reviewed this so highly are those that saw it when they werekids back in the 80's; therefore it holds special childhood nostalgiafor them. But, if like me, you haven't seen this up to now and are allgrown up, take my advice and AVOID.