I saw this movie in college 20 years ago with over seventy 18-23 year oldfellow students. And the audience reaction was like the movie just came outyesterday. Here's a movie that assumes that the average audience hasintelligence. And the tons of laughs were all in the right places for theright reasons. Twenty years later, I can still hear the laughter andapplause...and the cheers; especially for that now classic closingline.If more black and white classics were given this kind of DVD treatment (therecent 2 disc release), then I'd own more black and white classics. Bogart'sbrilliant portrayal was ahead of its time and no one else but Bergman couldof been Elsa. Same for Rains, Henreid, Sakall, Veidt and EVERYONE else.Perfect cast, perfect acting.It's a shame most people will never see this with an audience because thisis a crowd pleaser if ever there was one. So the next best thing is thequality and care that was put into the new DVD. Believe it or not, thismakes a great "at home" date flick. And even have a few friends over...butnot the 'chatty' ones. There's just too much to miss if so and so starts to"yackitty! yackitty! yackitty! during the many (& there are many) pricelessand subtle moments. This movie deserves full attention. And the nice thingis...you pick up more the 2nd time seeing it (& 3rd, 4th...etc).My favorite line (no way am I repeating it or any others) is Rick's "poorsalesmanship" rejection. This one film has more great 'one liners' than somehundred movies put together. And it still seems as fresh today aswhen...well; when I saw it the 1st time.It's not that "they don't make em like this anymore" applies to 'Casablanca'because most movies, for every year, in every era (since the 1920's); aren'tvery good. It's always the very few that rise above the heap, every year;especially when you take into account that over 100 movies are made everyyear. But 'Casablanca' represents a sample of damn fine storytelling forthat particular era that time has proved to be...timeless.A 'must see' for most movie lovers (but not the 'yackitty'ones).10 out of 10!(Can't wait for Bogart's "Treasure of the Sierra Madre"s 2 disc DVD releasenext month. Another sample of just how brilliant Bogart's acting is.) 