One thing I'm coming to realize about director's cuts is that theyseldom add much to the original film. It had been over 20 years sinceI'd seen this film, but one could clearly notice some padding in thisnew version. Much of it is totally unnecessary, but not bad in any way.Also, they seemed to have done away with the contemporary music fromTangerine Dream. I kind of missed that. I guess the film is stilloverall a decent effort worthy of a look.The story is hardly complicated. There is an evil creature known as"Darkness" played by Tim Curry. In an attempt to end all light onearth, he enlists some goblins to kill the last two unicorns anddeliver the horns to him. He should have hired better goblins, as theseoafs basically botch the job and kill only one of the magnificentbeasts. Darkness sends them back to kill the other, and in the process,a beautiful princess is taken captive as well. Darkness plans tosacrifice the remaining unicorn and marry the princess. It is up to TomCruise and a group of fairies (no jokes here, please!) to rescue theprincess and the unicorn, and use the last glimpses of sunlight todestroy Darkness.Tim Curry, as the devilish villain steals the show. And that's aproblem since he has little screen time. His absences are particularlyglaring in the director's cut since no new footage is of him that Icould spot. He has all the best lines, too. Considering the extent ofhis costume and makeup, one would guess he had to spend hours uponhours in the makeup chair each day he was on set. Hats off to you, Mr.Curry. You've always been one of my favorite actors that isn't a hugestar.Tom Cruise had not yet become a huge star, but he was on his way. TopGun the following year would take care of that for him. Here he lookskind of overwhelmed by this magical world Ridley Scott has created. Helooks more sure of himself in romantic scenes shared with Mia Sara whoplays the princess and his love interest. She is quite good in thisfilm and its a shame her career seemed to peak when she was so young.There are other well-known character actors here and there, but theyare pretty well covered up by Rob Bottin's makeup and costumes.The film is a beauty to watch. The sets are so lush detailed that someof them just swallow the actors up. This film was critically lambastedand now really only considered a cult film. Apparently it took muchlonger than anticipated to make, and was not an enormous box officehit. But great directors like Sir Ridley Scott always soldier on, andmake at least two successful films for each one that misses. 7 of 10stars.The Hound.