How does one even begin to describe CASABLANCA? I know that there's nothingI can say to improve its reputation, or to make it any more well-loved. AllI can attest to is the fact that I had the chance to see this film for thefirst time today, and just couldn't help falling in love with it. It's asclose to perfect as a romance film could get, with elements of war, action,suspense, and good old-fashioned friendship thrown in to spice things up alittle.(Summary contains spoilers, beware!) It's war-time, and Casablanca is en route to America and freedom. RickBlaine (Humphrey Bogart), cynical and crusty owner of Cafe Americain, hidesa softer, wounded side beneath his tough exterior. He says many times thathe's never going to stick his neck out for anyone, that it's a policy of hisnot to drink with people in his cafe--all things that change when Isla(Ingrid Bergman) comes back into his life, unfortunately accompanied by herhusband Victor Laszlo (Paul Henreid). Victor is a top man in the resistancemovement, and needs desperately to escape to America to continue his fightfor freedom. CASABLANCA isn't all about politics, however. It really comesdown to the love of Rick for Ilsa, whom he met for a heady love affair inParis, all set to the tune of 'As Time Goes By' (surely one of the mostbeautiful and memorable love songs ever written). His choice is the mostdifficult one anyone could ever be expected to make, and what's good aboutthe film is that it keeps the audience guessing, even to the end, about justwhat Rick will do with the power he has over the fate of Ilsa, and mostimportantly, Victor (and as the film would have us believe, the freeworld!). I dare your heart not to break when Rick tells Ilsa, as he sofamously does, "Ilsa, I'm no good at being noble, but it doesn't take muchto see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a hill ofbeans in this crazy world." And then one realises just what war can do topeople, and what people can do in spite of war.It's a fantastic film to be discovering for the first time, since thedirecting, acting and script are all first-rate. Michael Curtiz pulls theentire film together beautifully, drawing an incredible performance fromHumphrey Bogart (perhaps the only actor--aside from Spencer Tracy--who couldcome off as so apparently self-centred and cynical and yet reveal abelievably vulnerable side) and capturing Ingrid Bergman in all her luminousbeauty. The supporting cast is brilliant, especially Claude Rains as theparallel character to Bogart's Rick, Captain Louis Renault. He certainlyrivals Bergman for screen-time, and justifiably gets the lion's share of thegood lines. Moreover, the screenplay is one of the most oft-quoted ones everwritten, and for good reason: you just don't get dialogue like this anymore,in any film, and it's a treat to be allowed to listen in on the lives ofthese characters. CASABLANCA is often described as one of the best films ever made as well asone of the best-loved. Its reputation is fully deserved. Watch this foryourself to find out why!