I've always found 'Grease' to be a troubling and often very lazy pieceof theatre. Above any show I have ever seen has always been aboutcreating caricatures and yet we are expected to care about thesecaricatures. I like a few of the songs on a certain level but as anarrative with characters and motivation I am afraid to say that Ithink 'Grease' is a mess of epic quality. The 1978 film adaptation isno different. While I think 'Grease' is a show that is hard to do wellI think the movie might just be the worst version of the show that Ihave seen precisely because it is so "iconic". Travolta and OliviaNewton John created "icons" free of motivation, real conflict, andconviction. 'Grease' is loud and noisy but never does it feel populatedby human beings and this is due to horrible performances.The greatest problem with 'Grease' is that it has no real centralconflict to the story. It definitely feels as if it has capturedsomething in the ballpark of adolescence. Yet, 'Grease's definition ofadolescence is such a distortion to bring out the easiest forms oftheatricality. The problems faced in 'Grease' about blossomingsexuality and societal masks exist but 'Grease' not only confounds thembut creates characters that make them seem the be all end all's. Thequintessential grade school meaning of life question "does he like meor not" is not a good enough starting point. The show is abouttriviality especially in the Sandy and Danny romance because we bothknow they love each other and they both essentially have a similarcircle of friends but the conflict that keeps these lovers apart is allabout what clothes they wear. The actors have been given a nearimpossible task to overcome to make these caricatures characters. Ifsinging in a musical should be the pinnacle of a character's emotionalneed to speak out than these characters are emotionally warped. Themusical numbers are loud and well choreographed and sung but they feelso far detached. And I grant that reality isn't necessarily what onelooks for but a certain sense of reality is needed in rooting thesecharacters. Because everything is so false in the acting we feel likewe are being lied to. That essentially what acting is, lying, but neverdo we get to that baseness unless something is really off orconsciously dissected.Because the songs do not come from a place of reality(not evenheightened reality) the whole musical seems cartoonish. I think aparticularly good example of the actor's failure is when actressStockard Channing's Rizzo sings "Look At Me I'm Sandra Dee". Channingis a great singer but a lousy actress. Granted the scene is Rizzomaking fun of Sandy because of her insecurities and I think that reallyis a compelling place to start a scene but even in her attempt tocreate a sarcastic caricature she seems over the top. I think it istelling that even in a moment where the play is trying to be over thetop that it still comes off as too over the top. Channing createshorrible choices with her body, jerking herself around in suchmechanical unnatural ways. Her voice accents every lyrical quality ofthe music in such a blunt and violent matter that we don't notice thelyrics of the song. I've always found the ending to 'Grease' to be very troubling and Ithink the happy go lucky quality to 'You're the One That I Want' reallyshows this. I was more opposed to the crowd than anything else. I thinkthis is important because it shows that even in a musical where youdon't sing but are there there has to be a motivation and conviction tobeing there. The crowd scenes in musicals are hard to pull off wellbecause you have to think about every actor creating a motivation for awhole crowd to erupt in song. The show ends with Sandy essentiallygiving up all her moral high ground and convictions and becoming likeDanny who has not mutually changed himself. I can see why Sandy andDanny all dance but why the crowd? Shouldn't this moment have beenmerely between Sandy and Danny? They go into a funhouse and yet you seethe hands of Danny's gang poking through the windows and they are thereat the end. Why? I don't think the actors or the director thought hardhere because they appear like gorillas and it makes the endingtroubling. It can't just be gratuitous placement of characters even ifthey don't sing and just dance they still have to have motivation. Ifone doesn't just sit back and turn their brain off here than the endingfeels symbolically like rape. I realize I might be looking too hardinto this but I DID care about Sandy in a way. The inclusion of theseapes actually left me after viewing 'Grease' to think that Danny wasn'tgoing to "shape up" and so the lyrics ultimately meant nothing andSandy's metamorphosis is a defeat. Having the lyrics mean nothing isthe worst thing you can do in a musical. It is telling that thishappens in 'Grease' during it's most famous number.Sure 'Grease' may be escapist and the musical quality I suppose is kindof fun but the acting is awful. I want to see a production of 'Grease'which has Danny and Sandy in it and not the bad boy and the nice girlwith their groupies.