?'CASABLANCA' - 1942Directed by Michael CurtizStarring Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman and Paul HenreidPlot Overview: ?Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart), who owns a nightclub inCasablanca, discovers his old flame Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman) is in townwith her husband, Victor Laszlo (Paul Henreid). Laszlo is a famedrebel, and with Germans on his tail, Ilsa knows Rick can help them getout of the country.I know, I know. It's quite frankly atrocious that it has took me solong to see this film. I say that because Casablanca is a masterpieceof epic proportions. I genuinely don't think I could name a flaw withthis gem of a movie. It is a masterpiece and well and truly deservesits spot on the Film Hall of Fame. If you haven't seen it, then Ihighly suggest you do.So what do I like about it? The story was fascinating and interestingand intriguing in all senses of the world. And don't even get mestarted on that ending. That ending, which I of course won't spoil, iseasily one of the greatest endings in cinema history. It is a testamentto the magic a GOOD writer can make.Humphrey Bogart was exceptional as Rick Blaine. I absolutely adore thisperformance and the character is also truly amazing. Words cannotdescribe the authenticity and skill that Bogart projects onto Blaine.It is a performance that deserves A LOT more recognition by the averagemovie goer.Ingrid Bergman was, also, excellent as Ilsa. She didn't quite outdoBogart in her performance but I would be lying if I didn't say she camepretty close. She manages to project so much emotion and trauma ontothe audience in such a fascinating and spectacular manner. As far as the supporting cast goes, they were also exceptional. PaulHenreid was excellent as Victor Laszlo and added a very interesting andintriguing character to the already riveting narrative. Claude Rainswas excellent as Captain Renault and provided an excellent humorousbackbone for the movie. He wasn't necessarily essential to the plot buthe was essential to the tone and final product. Dooley Wilson was alsoexcellent in his unfortunately short run as Sam. Truly amazingperformances from each and every single member of the stellar cast.For 1942, this movie is a technical wizard. The cinematography andediting were both incredible. The lighting is visually stunning andworked exceptionally well in the black&white environment. The music andsound effects were also excellent and the visual effects were trulyadmirable, especially considering the time at which they were created.As a whole, 'Casablanca' is a masterpiece of a film and I can HIGHLYrecommend it. As for flaws, I can not name a single one. It is a workof art and should be commemorated for its massive contribution to filmand the art form. Please, if you have not, see this film; I assure youthat it is worth your time. I'll rate 'Casablanca' 10 'Half a Thoughts'out 10!