"The Princess Bride" is an American Oscar-nominated movie from almost30 years ago that runs for slightly under 100 minutes. It features acouple names in the cast that are still very well-known today, such asRobin Wright, Mandy Patinkin, Peter Falk, Cary Elwes, Wallace Shawn,Chris Sarandon, Fred Savage and Billy Crystal. Being an avid Columbofan, I was mostly curious about Peter Falk here and he did notdisappoint. Very likable performance and presence as an old man whotells his grandson a fantastic story. However, I must say I wished thatthose parts with him and the boy could have been written slightlybetter, then I would have wished for more scenes between the two. Itwas a bit repetitive, still it was cute to watch the boy warm up to thestory and even the protagonists' kissing.The main part, however, is the tale Falk's character presents us andhis grandson. It is a story about love, revenge, friendship and manyother important issues. I personally was surprised to find manyreferences in here used later in the popular video game King's Quest.But back to the movie: It was an enjoyable watch and I managed to warmup to the characters, even if I am not the greatest Cary Elwes or RobinWright fan. Maybe that is why I did not manage to appreciate their lovestory as much as I hoped I would. If you like them more than I do, thenthis is almost a must-see. Still I felt that their story is still moreinteresting and worth watching as the one about Mandy Patinkin'scharacter, who almost becomes a lead character the longer the filmgoes. I must say I was a bit surprised about that, even if I liked theactor. I guess I would have been fine with keeping his story minimal,even if the film then maybe would only have went on for 80 or 85minutes max. It is not bad at all and also brings some solid writing,but I personally felt that it distracted a bit from the core storyabout the princess, her beloved and the evil prince. This movie haspretty good and memorable supporting characters. As a whole, I wouldsay top250 best films of all time (as IMDb users voted it) is a bit toomuch, but it was still a pretty decent watch and I recommend checkingit out. Thumbs up.