This is EXACTLY what I think: It annoys me when people say they don'tlike this movie. Yes, it might not be a masterpiece but this was a damngood cinematic achievement. Ben-Hur has a higher rating than this andit's about a man and his encounter with Jesus. If they have an epicwith Jesus mentioned that is IN the IMDb top 250, then they should havethis movie in the Top 250. This was a very realistic movie. Yes, JamesCameron might have stretched some issues but they are very plausible.I always tear up when the music gets intense (anyone who has seen this,will know what I mean) or when I hear the Academy Award winning songthat was in this movie (My Heart Will Go On) I tear up. This is theONLY movie that has made me cry. I don't think I'll find another epiclike this that'll make me cry.I've watched about 3/4 of all the movies in the Top 250 and at the veryleast HALF of them are unworthy of the place they are in. Hell, about athird of what I watched ought not to be on this list but maybe 150places above the Bottom 100 and that's me being nice.People just have to watch this movie with ABSOLUTELY NO BIASED OPINIONor preconceived notion that they heard it was bad. That's how I came tolove it. It's now my favorite movie of all time.The effects are the best I've seen since the epics of the 50s. Theacting was brilliant and Gloria Stuart should have won Best SupportingActress for Old Rose. Hell, Kathy Bates should have grabbed anomination at least. Not a win, but just a nomination. Maybe VictorGarber should have gotten a nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Thesame with Jonathan Hyde. That's how believable I think this was. Thesecond movie to win 11 Oscars in cinematic history and THE highestgrossing movie of all time. This ought to be right up there in theratings with Ben-Hur.People have to think twice about the rating they gave it and give it ahigher rating. That's my opinion. I don't care what anybody thinksabout it, it is just out there. Like it or hate it, think twice on thismovie before giving it a low rating.15/10! That's what I believe.