An extraordinary interest still exists in Cameron's film, still argumentrages over just how good it is. The timing of its release was significant,the obsession with the film might be explained as a form of pre millennialtension at the close of the most murderous century the human race has known,a century which began with such hope and optimism, and in which the Titanicwas ironically such a proud symbol. 'A Night to remember' was released amid worries about the Bomb and thefeeling that science was again out of control. 'Titanic' amid millennialjitters. The most discussed aspect is the script, there are lines in thefilm that are moronic, irritating, senseless and just plain dumb. Otherswere quoted from the U.S.Senate Enquiry, which proves how people then had abetter command of language than we do. Why do Jack and Rose board atSouthampton when they've come from Paris? Why doesn't the diamond fall outof Rose's pocket going down with a sinking ship? Why doesn't she find it inher pocket on the Carpathia before reaching New York? Why is it that you canbe rude to the ship's owner, assault and abuse the staff, 'fly' from anofflimits bow, run through boiler rooms and cargo holds, cause two stewardslooking for you to drown, distract the lookouts, climb in and out oflifeboats, damage property, and NEVER get into trouble? Why do the steerageaccept rich snooty first class gatecrashing their party? Why, why,why?Too much time is spent on the wrapping footage, though the unseen sunkeninteriors are breathtaking. The taste of showing the Titanic sinking like acomputer game in front of a survivor isn't questioned. The dissolve of thewreck into the pristine ship packs an emotional wallop every time. Winsletisn't a great actress, she plays the same in every film. On Leo, whenTitanic leaves port in a classic series of images, we feel his joy. But it'sdownhill from here.The engine room montage is another classic, but it's looking artificial.Murdoch's feet are all over the deck. The ship looks like it's populated bythe Thunderbirds.Relief, Victor Garber arrives as Thomas Andrews and gives the dialoguemeaning, conviction, dignity and charm, quite a feat since thanks toCameron's warped priorities he only speaks two lines. A thing apparent inRose is how lacking in charm she is, lighting up at table, and indelicate.No Edwardian. And as this film isn't subtle, but whacks you on the head andbiffs you in the stomach we must have the class speech straight away. TommyRyan is the most irritating character I've seen on screen and completelyunlike any Irish I've met. The next situation isn't credible. Isn't there abetter way of introducing these two than the unbelievable jumping off thestern. There is one good line in the dull walk and talk that a first classwench would have said 'This is MY part of the ship' huffs Rose. But with thespit scene any hopes of a romantic wallow are dead.The cheek of the dinner party is how Jack Dawson, somebody who if Rose hadchopped his hand off with the axe, would have been pushed to earn a living,has the temerity to lecture a brilliant engineer, a captain with 40 yearsexperience and captains of industry on how to live life, when he hasn'tstarted shaving himself. We need a unmaterialistic message in films, even ifit would come better from a director who hadn't overspent his budget by$100million. But the portrayal of rich and poor is straight out of apropaganda film for the gulag.It's a pity, there is such a brilliant Irish band on board, and there aren'tequally brilliant dancers.Whether the film has a Christian message at the core or if it's proclaimingthat doing your own thing is more important, it's hard to say. The divineservice was open to all classes so Jack being turned away is misleading andpointless. A stunning scene on the bow but there hasn't been a romanticexchange yet between this couple that convinces us. Such models of taste anddiscernment and the brightest thing they say about Monet is that his use ofcolour is extraordinary. The funniest line in film history: 'This is a ship,only so many places she could be'. The next shot: Titanic bowling merrilyalong. A thousand rooms!The iceberg finally turns up, the collision is breathtaking, the acting topnotch and inseparable from the historical event even if Titanic hits theonly iceberg in the whole Atlantic. The surreal party with music andlifejackets shows Cameron can write. Sometimes. But Jack manacled up istedious and the crew wouldn't have done that on a sinking ship. The realstory is lost in Rose running around. The lifeboats when we see them aredone far better than any other version, and the timeline makes perfectsense.Titanic alone and helpless, a tiny ship with a futile rocket in an emptyocean is inspired. The film takes on a different dimension and has a touchof the sublime. The images that accompany the hymn are elegiac and perfect.The choreography around the last two boats can't be surpassed. Now we dofeel a sense of the panic and despair. The water through the dome, a baptismof fire. No one can fail to be moved by the 20 minutes of terribledestruction. The lifeboat scenes couldn't have been done better, and theCarpathia is a painting brought to life. How exactly Rose retains herincognito through the years when she's a publicized actress, an aviator andeverything else in the known universe isn't explained. The ending is astraight pinch from 'Somewhere in time' which did a better job of a lovestory set in 1912. The frustrating thing is how many things ARE done well. There are gems ofwriting and acting. It looks terrific. But it proves that you can recreatethe cutlery, carpets, staterooms, clothes, but it's so much harder torecreate history. It isn't 1912. And half the film isn'tTitanic.