Recipe for 'She's All That': mix 1 part 'Never Been Kissed', 1 part '10Things I Hate About You' and 1 part 'Pygmallion', with a dash of theFarrelly brothers (for the utterly disgusting pubic hair pizza scene), addalot of water and mix until it's vaguely familiar yet still unidentifiablewatered-down mush.Freddie Prinze Jr. is Zach, a wildly popular and admired high school seniorwho gets dumped by his Queen Bitch girlfriend, Taylor (the very voluptousJodi Lyn O'Keefe) after she meets Brock, a Puck-like creature from The RealWorld, during Spring Break at the MTV Beach House. The character of Brockisone of the two highlights, played by the ever-entertaining Matthew Lillard.The other highlight is Rachel Leigh Cook, despite the rather ridiculousassertion that a girl this gorgeous could manage to be the school loser.They didn't even do a good job of masking her beauty, as they did with DrewBarrymore in 'Never Been Kissed'. Beautiful as Drew is, they managed touglify her in the flashbacks scenes enough that you could believe thatyoungJosie Geller was a geek. Here, they basically just stuck thick glasses onRachel, and she's far too pretty a girl for that to work. Despite thatstrain on suspended reality, she has a certain prickly charm- her dark eyesflashing in her tiny face, smirkingly throwing Zach on stage in the oneplace he's entirely out of his league, stomping up like a midget warriorprincess to stand face-to-cleavage with Taylor. I should also add here thatalthough Ms. O'Keefe's performance can't really be called a highlight, shehandles her thankless role with skill. This movie really seems to haveattracted a lot of names in supporting roles- Usher, Lil' Kim, Anna Paquin,Paul Walker, Gabrielle Union, Kevin Pollak, the young man who played Pnubin'Idle Hands' and his costar from 'The Mighty', Kieran Culkin. Usher andLil'Kim did little to distinguish themselves here, other than causing me toremember just how young Lil' Kim is. Anna Paquin has a wonderful qualityabout her (especially evident in her performance in 'Almost Famous') thatshines even here in her small, one-note role as makeup artist- a sort ofsly, knowing good humor peering from the corners of her eyes, mixed with apetulant vulnerability. Sensuality is in her also, and it could bedangerous. Paul Walker was much better as a doofy dream boy in'Pleasantville' than he is here as Zach's jerk buddy. Freddie Prinze Jr. isactually the perfect sort of actor to play Zach- cute, generic, likable andharmless. The sort of boy you'd like in high school and forget the firstdayof college. The movie doesn't end quite like you expect it to and,ironically, this one strike of originality was something I didn't like. Notto reveal too much, but while it's all good and well that we can't have thefairy tale ending with Zach and Laney getting crowned Prom King and Queen,Ithink they should have been reversed. I'll also add that I'm sorely temptedto try making a teen movie myself for no reason other than to gain evidencethat there actually exist some ideas for teen movies that don't climax atthe friggin' prom. I think I'll have my teen movie's climax take place atthe Christmas dance.