American Beauty (DreamWorks, 2000, USA), Sam Mendes's directorialdebut. It's a dark comedy centered around Lester Burnham (KevinSpacey), a middle-aged turd who lost the zest for life, but sets out toget his mojo back in his last year alive.Dissatisfied with his real estate broker wife Carolyn (Annette Bening)and emo teen daughter Jane (Thora Birch), Lester's lost until heeavesdrops and hears Jane's BFF Angela (Mena Suvari) claim she'dtotally do him if he just got buff.Carolyn is also lost. She's a snooty workaholic, captive to materialthings and her ideal of success. Her desperation for this success isprobably the main thing keeping it at bay. She can hardly contain herfrustration when people don't buy the house she's selling.Jane is a cheerleader who falls in love with a voyeuristic loner RickyFits (Wes Bentley). Ricky just moved in next door with his abusive,dementedly homophobic, "order and discipline" Marine Colonel dad (ChrisCooper), and his mom (Allison Janney), a meek, horribly unloved,perhaps dim-witted woman.The married characters are set up so far apart from each other, it'shard to believe they ever got along. At one point, Lester even asksCarolyn "what changed?" Most of the time nobody listens, in the lastdinner table scene Lester breaks the asparagus against the wall anddeadpans "honey, please don't interrupt me." Lester and Carolyn areboth jerks, and still I was tricked into liking them anyway, Spacey andBening have that kind of skill.Carolyn and Lester's relationship is where the commentary aboutmaterialism takes place. Carolyn Burnham actually gets the short end ofthe stick here. She's really trying to uphold her standards. Herproblem with Lester is his apathy, he's stopped believing in any rulesand standards. Lester talks a lot about being owned by stuff, butCarolyn's views aren't expressed very well. She comes across as a prudescold until her affair with real estate rival Buddy "the King" Kane(Peter Gallagher), just about the only good thing that happens to herin the whole movie. Only then do we get to see that she can have funtoo ("yes, your majesty!").Some reviewers have stated that Lester's "this is just stuff" speech isinvalidated because he trades in his sedan for a red sports car. I'mnot sure. I doubt he'd allow the thought of messing up the upholsterystop him from getting it on in the car. But he clings to the beer anddecides to argue. His point is right, don't let possessions stop youfrom living a little. Regardless, Lester should just shut up and movehis wife somewhere she wants to do it. Instead he yells at her, nowthey're both unsatisfied.Lester is an emotional roller coaster, starting out desperate,loathsome and contemptuous. He meets Angela and gets pathetically hornyand sycophantic. He's angry at the world, vengeful and vindictive.Lester gets smug and rebellious, reverting to adolescence. He'scompletely self-centered during this journey. His silly rose petalfantasies invigorate him, but still all he does is anger people, smokeweed and flip burgers.At the climax, he sees Angela for what she is and he understands who heneeds to be. His lust for this girl transforms into a lust for life. Heasks about others with genuine concern. He makes Angela a sandwich,asks about his daughter. Spacey's transformation is night and day. Hisarc represents the idea that death and wisdom go together. The smileLester gives when he learns his daughter's happy and in love might'vesealed the Oscar for him.Colonel and Mrs. Fits don't talk. Mendes will show them right next toeach other on the sofa but a world apart. Colonel Fits pours his energyinto watching Ricky, who's dealing drugs right under his nose. TheColonel has a hair-trigger temper, showing a lack of the discipline hetries to beat into Ricky. It'll cause you to wonder how this guy madeit so far up the chain of command, colonels report to generals. So manyproblems come from this guy's prying and spying.Mrs. Fits maintains an empty glare, with big old sad eyes. She'ssubservient, and her needs have been neglected for years. She probablyjust wonders what can she do for her husband's love? I doubt she saysmore than 20 words the entire movie, but they reveal her defectiveselflessness and her feeling of unworthiness.A lot's been made about the stereotypical characters and plot line. Thewriter (Alan Ball) and director were apparently aware these roles arealmost like caricatures and the actors play along. Almost everyone isover the top delusional until a moment of truth, which gives clearerinsights into the characters. The only people who don't seem delusionalare Ricky and Jane, but Ricky's riffs on beauty are a littlesentimental, and his response to seeing Lester at the end just seemsdisconnected from reality. Then again nobody's reaction in that lastscene makes any sense.We're told to "Look Closer," to see through the facades peopledesperately uphold. Sam Mendes directs with impeccable framing andstaging of his shots, especially when he introduces the characters.Mendes artfully shows us the trouble with the people and relationshipsbeing portrayed. These portraits feature still or very slowly movingshots that allow characters' postures and expressions to reveal sometruth.Mendes clues us in to the tensions between facade and reality. Granted,the two Jims and the real estate "king" aren't exactly multilayered, sosome stereotypes aren't subverted or redeemed. These characters arejustifiable because they're necessary and instrumental in helping us toknow the core characters. American Beauty is not concerned with kind,well adjusted, virtuous people. Lacking minorities, it provides flavorby showing middle class people faking it alone, together. It's a verygood movie with a clear viewpoint. Go see it.