TITANIC ( rating * * out of 5 )I fear I'm about to make myself highly unpopular with what follows, but Ican only call 'em as I see 'em. Besides, being highly unpopular is suchfamiliar territory for me and it just wouldn't be the same without theconstant slings and pointed arrows.From writer/director James (I'm king of the world) Cameron, comes this 200million dollar purported epic that in my view only ever reaches the statusof cubic zirconia.But never fear, Hollywood will incestuously look after its own because anymovie that costs the amount that could pull a third world South Americancountry out of insolvency and destitution, is guaranteed to win elevenAcademy Awards - Oscars for categories like, The Most Times Actors Say,"No!This Way." - The Most Soggy Extras and The Best Motion Picture Where TheMale Lead Is Snubbed For A Nomination.This unfortunate male lead is none other than Leonardo Di Caprio whopossesses all the rugged good-looks of a fourteen year old pimple-creammodel. But it's not all bad news for Leo because he has perfected the artofbeing a pipsqueak while painting chubby actresses in the nude - poor oldKate Winslet's dress was so tight around the torso that the hunky Leo hadtouse solvent to get it off.Rose DeWitt (Kate Winslet), is engaged to the jerk millionaire, CalHockley(Billy Zane). Cal gives her a priceless necklace that has somesignificancelater on as a wrinkly Rose tells the story which is seen in flashback.Anyway, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo Di Caprio), as she attempts suicide andthe couple are instantly attracted (in Rose's case, as much as someone whois attempting suicide can be). The pair eventually fall in love, the shiphits an iceberg, the ship sinks, the ship becomes famous and we aresubjected to this hideously expensive, self-important and time-consumingmovie (I had to pause halfway through to bake some muffins as not tosufferthe effects of malnutrition).However, I did give this movie two stars and that was for the specialeffects. To be fair, they were pretty good. As a mass of bravestunt-personnel tumbled into the icy water, I did get the sense of whatthechaos and hysteria must have been like on that fateful night in 1912 -reminiscent of lunch-time crowds around the all-you-can-eat desert bar atSizzler.In a nutshell, this film is a love story between Jack and Rose that neverrises above soap-opera melodramatics. After an hour and a half of thiskissykissy nonsense, I found myself participating in open prayer thanking theAlmighty for his very timely iceberg.What possibly could warrant so much money and effort? Certainly not apieceof Hollywood trivia that tells us nothing about the Titanic that we didn'talready know.If I've missed the point, then to all of you 'Titanic' devotees Isincerelyapologize. But, if I'm right, then you have all been the victims ofHollywood and its intricate network of propaganda.