Though from Tony Scott ("Beverly Hills Cop II" and "Days of Thunder"),"True Romance" reeks of writer Quentin Tarantino. More glitzy andhighly charged than most of Tarantino's work, it is still peopled withcharacters typical of his films - lowlifes and strange gangsters - andis full of clever, sharp and insightfully humorous dialogue.Perhaps the romantic element is misplaced, and the Elvis factor may notbe entirely effective, but certainly each encounter the Morley's havewith their pursuers, and that the pursuers have with others, isenjoyable and action packed, even occasionally gruesome.Had he directed, Quentin would probably have turned this into a realphilosophical trip, ala "Pulp Fiction", yet director Tony Scott hasgone all out for the shoot 'em up style, delivering rompingentertainment while neglecting the deeper probings of Q.T.'s script.This is not to say that Mr. Scott has let us down, but if you don'tlike full on, in your face action flicks, you'd better forget aboutthis one.All the cast, quite an ensemble, have a great time, especially thewalk-ons. Gary Oldman, Dennis Hopper and Christopher Walken are mostenjoyable. Leads Christian Slater and the sexy Patricia Arquette holdup very well. Brad Pitt, Samuel L. Jackson, Chris Penn, Saul Rubinekand Val Kilmer also drop in on proceedings.Hans Zimmer's music works reasonably well, cinematography is excitingand gunplay action sequences are nerve racking. Editing keeps thingswell paced. Never a dull moment.Friday, February 23, 1996 - Astor TheatreTony Scott's boisterous, high energy action flick, which is peopledwith characters and dialogue typical of Quentin Tarantino (the writer),is highly recommended to those who enjoy their movies loud, fast andwith loads of gunplay.While Scott keeps the action coming thick and fast, Tarantino maintainsa steady supply of lowlifes to keep us equally entertained. LeadsSlater and Arquette do fine, but it is the support cast that grab ourattention. Gary Oldman is totally absorbed in his character as always,playing a white pimp whose psychosis has him convinced he's anythingbut white. Just as entertaining are Christopher Walken and DennisHopper, and the scene played between them is a particular highlight.Joining the fun also are Brad Pitt, Val Kilmer, Chris Penn, SaulRubinek and Samuel L. Jackson.Colourfully funny and always pacey, "True Romance" is a great one offadventure (at the movies especially) that features a handy score fromHans Zimmer.Sunday, April 20, 1997 - Video