It's interesting to see the extreme opinions (pro or con) expressedhere about Titanic, ranging from those who feel it's the greatest storyever told to those who feel it's the worst travesty ever produced inHollywood. I don't agree with either ? I feel that Titanic is asomewhat run-of-the-mill movie that wasn't worthy of the vast amount ofhype it generated, but can still provide an evenings entertainment(albeit with some employment of the fast forward button). I cansupplement my review with contemporary impressions from first seeingthe movie in 1998, taken from an email cum movie review written to afriend of mine in a distant corner of the world who hadn't seen themovie yet. (Extracts from this email are in quotes).First, the good stuff. I loved the efforts that Cameron made (eitherthrough sets, or through CGI) to reproduce the look of the RMS Titanic,as well as re-enacting the sinking:"Verdict on Titanic: The staging of the ships interiors and exteriorsare stunningly realistic -- damn near perfect is more like it.Obviously, a great deal of effort was made to get things down pat." It was also very interesting to see the underwater film that Cameronreally shot on the wreck of the Titanic ? much better than the filmshot for the Imax documentary Titanica. This underwater film, theinteriors, and the digital depictions of the Titanic underway areenough to make the film worth watching all by itself.Regrettably, with the good comes the bad. I've always felt that thebiggest strike against the movie is the cliché love story between thetwo star-crossed lovers:"Unfortunately, a good chunk of the film is the so-called 'love story'.This portion of the story, starring this year's pretty boy, isHollywood cliché from start to finish. 'Poor little rich girl' meetspoor but honest travelers/artist aboard the Titanic. She's travellingin 1st class with her beastly fiancée and assorted evil, stuck up,snobbish, rich capitalist/oligarch pigs. He's travelling 3rd class withthe salt of the earth immigrants. Think for a few minutes and write upa list of 10 Hollywood clichés that come to mind. I guarantee that 75%of them are in the film.The real story of the Titanic and its passengers is story enough, in myopinion -- the love story wasn't needed. I assume that it was added toadd some uncertainty to the story. Hollywood should have learned fromApollo 13 that just because the audience knows the end of the storydoesn't mean you can't make a good movie of it. In any case, the 'lovestory' adheres so much to cliché that it can be mapped out with uncannyaccuracy after ~ five minutes anyway."The only thing I would retract from my 1998 email is the comment aboutDiCaprio being "?this year's pretty boy" ? I've subsequently seen someof his other work, and I think that he can be a decent actor. Iactually own Titanic on DVD (purchased cheap), and I watch itoccasionally. But I do so with ample use of the fast forward button. I've sometimes wondered what someone could do with a "Phantom Edit" ofTitanic ? could they edit Jack and Rose out of the film almostentirely, and just leave a decent semi-documentary account of thesinking?