If this movie were a puppy, it would jump on top of you, wag its tail,lick your face, roll over and present its belly for rubbing, follow youhome and hump your leg. It tries so hard to ingratiate itself with whatit considers the average American moviegoer of the time, it seems likeit was written by a whole committee of campaigning politicians insteadof a couple writers. It's the most hollow, contrived piece ofbaby-boomer mind candy ever projectile vomited onto the nationalconsciousness. It's offensive to mentally retarded people because itpatronizingly shows Gump (Tom Hanks) achieving a kind ofgeneration-sweeping fantasy success that no human being,so-called-mentally-challenged or not, could ever hope to achieve, yetstill places him in a fairly realistic world (the Viet Nam scenes, forexample, were pretty true-to-life in their violence and bloodiness).It's offensive to intelligent viewers because it's storyline andmessage are as simplistic as the title character. The Dick Cavett Showclip in which John Lennon, sitting next to Gump, simply speaks thelyrics to his song "Imagine" was just plain stupid. It's like thewriters think the public will think they're exalting them in some kindof new and profound way by making all the popular imagery and beliefsthat we've been force-fed throughout our lives into the actualfoundation of a person's life. It's like they're saying, "No, it's notjust popular entertainment, it's the stuff that makes up your existenceand defines you as a person, and that's all you need, so stop trying tochallenge yourself, stop trying to think original thoughts." GeorgeOrwell was right in "1984" about the control and manipulation andsubjugation of our wills and bodies and intellects, but the source isdifferent. The worst of it isn't coming from the police or the militaryor the people we work for, but from our entertainment - movies andinternet and T.V. - the very things that are supposed to be an escape,at least in our imaginations, from all that drudgery and bullish*t andhassle of the world, and that makes it more insidious and effective.The scene near the end of the movie that takes place in the early 80sin which Jenny (Robin Wright) tells Gump she has some kind of "newdisease" is an insult to the audience. Are we supposed to feel cleverand proud of ourselves for realizing it's AIDS? Would it be consideredbad writing if she just said, "I have this new disease called AIDS"?Also, I heard that the producers spent seven million dollars todigitally erase Gary Sinise's legs instead of hiring a legless actor,which seems a little hypocritical considering the message of the moviethat so-called-disabled people can do great things. This is the worstbest-loved movie of all time!