after the "usual suspects" and "the life of David gale" i had greatexpectations of this one when i came in its possession. the first 10minutes or so almost disappointed me as i began seeing the feature as a"self-indulgent" attempt in giving moral and ethical excuses. but thenthe characters are developed very well with such realistic aspects thatstrikes close to anyones personal life at least at some moments intime. unlike "the godfather" for example, this is not an instantclassic for its artistic merits but because of its content.family and individualistic dis-functionality here is not somethingtaken to extremes with wacky scenes for the purpose to raise itsentertainment value. the feature is deeply sarcastic with quiet manycomic-tragic situations.the tone and the dialogs are made for anyonesunderstandings, as shown for the general public agreement in ratingthis productions as one with the highest score ever. technically thisaddresses teenage, middle age and gay issues(as related to a standardAmerican family with generally only one child) and the relationsin-between.for example the Kevin spacey visual fantasy is one of a kindat least as generally seen on the silver screen. also, an interestingaspect rarely seen; that of an "abusive" wife(i guess unless one asksan ultra feminist this question, i think i can safely assume thisaspect here as general).while ALL actors are playing their roles excellent(the plot itselfdefinitely helps with that or at least in how we perceive those as be)i was/am mostly focused on Kevin spacey. here is an example of an actorthat has always choose his roles carefully.(his NEW movie as a director"21" is the only one kind of disappointing , but hey everyone deservesa "try" or 2 right?). in here he resembles so well an "ordinary"American and the life( or parts thereof) he might have in the"suburbs"(same actually could go for the wife, Annette Bening).hiswhole , new found approach towards life changing resolutions createssituations of pure simplicity, yet generally socially ignored in anyover developed consumer society; that is the reason for which the titlehas "american" in it and not "chinese" for example. all the characterswill make the viewer reflect on past, present, future... and "tense"...