The tragedy of the doomed ship Titanic has inspired many books and movies.The battlebetween nature and technology always caught man's imagination. The latestfilm concerningthis tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famous actionmovie filmmakerJames Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters(Leonardo DiCaprioand Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, theother is an aristocrat)and how their love triumphs over societal barriers and the tragedy of asinking ship that theyhappen to be on.First of all, although using a historical name, this movie had little regardto history. The plotwas built around two fictional lovers, French diamond, and treasure hunters.The deaths ofover a thousand of people on the greatest luxury ship of its time became amere background. Manyhistorical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator thatignored the icebergwarnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles awayfrom the Titanicbut did not come to the rescue because its captain failed to identify thedistress signal?Omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And what was the point offlavoring thishistorical disaster with fictional cheesy romance when the story is alreadyas sad as it is.The overall plot was rather shallow; rich equals greed and corruption,poverty equalscompassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $200 million to make amovie about howmoney corrupts. There was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. Itseemed likeBilly Zane was playing a part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. IfDiCaprio was 2inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was his baby-sitter. Thelength of the moviewas unnecessarily stretched to over 3 hours. First hour and the half waswasted onestablishing the relationships between the characters that were known toaudience long before they went to theater and the dialogue that was used todo somade it even worse. Hearing corny pick up lines such as "I see you" and"This is my side ofthe ship" generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. Also,jokes were tooabundant and rather lame."Titanic" did involve some moving scenes such as the part when the musicianswere playingwhile the ship was sinking but they were no way near anything original. Thebest thing about this film were its special effects, and that istheonly thing that truly deserved an award.Although this film lacked artistical value in overall sense, the publiccould not resist asentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the movie became asuccess. Now it issafe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amountsof money in a singlemotion picture, so it seems that "Titanic" did achieve something afterall.