I have always been fascinated by the story of the Titanic, because hereis a real story that really happened and was perfect for eventualtranslation to the big screen. And with today's special effectstechniques it was truly possible to recreate a vanished ship and avanished era.Instead we got: "Titanic--Ship of Caricatures"There is enough true history in the story of Titanic for some realdrama and tension. Instead we get two 1990's Hollywood teenstransported back to 1912. We get burlesque chases, a cardboard villain,and every poor-boy-meets-rich-girl cliché' that was ever used in astory. And of course the basic theme of "Rich People=All Bad---PoorPeople=All Good". And all brought to an end by some diva warbling asong that has nothing to do with the story.I appreciate a good love story as much as the next person, and therehave been good believable ones in film. However in this one we areasked to believe that a girl in 1912, who has lived a sheltered lifeand no real knowledge of the world, will in the space of 36 hours orso:1) fall for a third-class pretty-boy 2) pose naked for him 3) have sexwith him in a car 4) spit in her fiancé's face 5) tell her mother toshut up 6) jump BACK onto a sinking shipAwwww....c'mon Mr. Cameron!And Cal is such a cardboard villain that about the only thing Camerondidn't do in the movie to make that any clearer to the audience is hanga sign around his neck saying "VILLAIN" in big letters and definitelyestablish that he likes to eat puppies for dinner.DiCaprio is too girlish and prettyboy looking to be a real leading man.And Winslet's acting ability is minimal.If you took the story of Titanic out of Cameron's script, you wouldhave a movie that wouldn't even make it to the teenage hour on Lifetimecable.Not that the movie was a total waste. It was great to see the Titanicas it must have really looked back in 1912, and the sinking wasriveting and realistically portrayed.But "the best movie ever" as so many on this site proclaim? The bestpicture Oscar? Maybe for the "Leonardo is soooo cute!" types.Just remember it was the Titanic that hit an iceberg...not BeverlyHills 90210.