This film is one of a kind.  After seeing this film last week, I was leftwith a hole in the pit of my stomach.  It left many questions in my mind,and most of them cannot be answered. In my view, a film that makes me thinkafter I watch it is second-to-none, and this film certainly delivers in thataspect.I was amazed with the vivid imagery in this movie, as well as with thesymbolism.  However, what makes this film the best of 1999 is the acting.Kevin Spacey shines as Lester Burnham, and Annette Bening (Carolyn Burnham)isn't far behind.  Supporting cast members such as Wes Bentley (RickyFitts), Thora Birch (Jane Burnham), Mena Suvari (Angela Hayes), and ChrisCooper (Col. Frank Fitts) only add to the drama of this film.  I think themost special aspect of this film is how all of the characters intertwine ina way that is believable, yet fantastic at the same time.  I congratulateSam Mendes for his direction of this film, as well as Alan Ball for writingit.  I don't think it could have been any better.Rated R in the U.S. for strong sexuality, language, drug content, andviolence, the film obviously deserves its rating.  However, none of thecauses for the R rating are overbearing, and all of them add to theplot-line of this film.  While I don't think that this is a film forchildren, I would suggest that adults should view it with an open mind.  Ibelieve that the traits which many of the characters in this film have arefound in many people around the world. Perhaps that is why this film hitsclose to home for so many viewers.While billed by some as a "comedy-drama", I don't see anything about thisfilm as funny.  Sure, there are some comedic moments, but by the end, thosemoments were all but forgotten when faced with the grim reality of theconclusion of the events portrayed in this film.If you want to watch a light-hearted film with some elements of comedy andsome elements of drama, don't see American Beauty.  But if you enjoy filmsthat make you think, and are entertained by an excellent cast, excellentdirecting, and an excellent screenplay, this film should be at the top ofyour list.My Rating:  10/10