Rose DeWitt Bukater is a beautiful young woman, travelling to Americato be married to the dashing cad that is Caledon Hockley. Jack Dawsonis a poor Irish kid with little hope of getting to the land of plenty ?until, that is, he wins tickets onto a ship making that very crossingin mere minutes. Jack and his friend rush onto the boat and findthemselves in 3rd class with all the rest of the poor people.Meanwhile, on the upper decks, the rich enjoy the space and pleasurethat comes with privilege but yet Rose feels little happiness about herloveless prospects. A chance meeting between Jack and Rose sees themfall into a passionate instant love affair but time will show them thatthe class divide between them is really the least of their concerns.As others have mentioned, Titanic seems to have enjoyed great praiseand great abuse. When it came out it was the biggest movie of the day,sitting at the top of the charts for months and also sweeping the BestPicture Academy Award for that year. However as time has gone on it hasreceived more and more of a kicking from viewers and it has now lost alot of the appeal and shine that it once had. To some this is just asimple backlash without basis but I'm not sure I agreed with that. Ofcourse there is an element of wanting to tear down the "success" of thefilm and perhaps wipe that smug smile off James "king of the world"Cameron's face but for me a lot of the negativity comes from peopleseeing the film in the cold light of day, without the crowded cinema,without the hype, without the partner to hug up to while watching.So it is with me here. The first time I watched it I was with mypartner in the front room of a packed cinema and allowed myself to becarried along by the sheer spectacle and not worry too much about thefiner points. However watching it again I viewed it like I would anyother film. As such the failings came tumbling out. The story isconsistently weak whether it is the speed and superficiality of thecentral "relationship" or the roundly average dialogue within thescript. Funny how a rush to sex is seen as romantic when it occurs inthe movie whereas if the same tale was set in a Bolton nightclub, theview would not be the same! Part of the reason for this is the forcedemotion and atmosphere of the film, with James Horner's manipulativescore constantly on hand to tell us "you're meant to cry at this bit".This is very different from bringing the audience into the charactersand the story in a genuine way and you are not getting into this carbecause you want to so much as being forced in with a hood over yourhead.Of course this is not so different from many Hollywood blockbuster, butit is particularly noticeable here because the script and charactersare so lacking. Director Cameron cannot make up for the failings ofwriter Cameron and instead just injects as much of this manipulativeschmaltz into proceedings as he can as he waits for his effects budgetto kick in. When it eventually does there is no denying that it isimpressive in terms of spectacle but I do wonder how this will hold upas the effects become ordinary, because there is little else for theviewer to feast on. Certainly the performances offer very little,mostly due to the material handed to them. DiCaprio is miscast. I knowit has been said countless times before but he looks far too young forthe part and, as he looks more adult in other films he looks youngerand younger in retrospect. Both he and Winslet are capable of so muchmore but neither really work individually or as a couple. Zane hams itup as a "baddie" and actually seems to be having a good time of itunlike his co-stars. Bates, Fisher, Paxton, Warner, Amis, Hyde andothers all fill round the edges with so-so performances.There is no questioning that this was a massive success and will standup in lists for years to come. However the effects are already datingand, them to one side, there isn't a huge amount else to spend threehours on. The love story is clunky to match the dialogue and the actorscan do little with it producing an unconvincing love story that isforced out with manipulative and exploitative methods that are exposedas such with a clear eyed viewing. A big film but not really a goodone.