This movie is fantastic. Sure this movie has fantastic acting anddirecting and music and all that jazz, but it also possesses uniquequalities that typically are only found in Indies. This rare gem (notusing the cliché lightly) combines the great standard aspects found ina blockbuster with the profound feelings found in a good independentfilm. It's quite philosophical. Mainstream movies tend to not rely on "deep"thinking like riskier movies do. I know people like to say "If youenjoy philosophizing, you'll LOVE this movie!" about their favoritefilms, but I believe in this case it's true. I left the movie with adeep sense of enlightenment. I admit I bought into it harder than Ibelieve the average person would (I believe due to a great cynicism ofsociety.) I wouldn't call American Beauty ground-breaking, but it didshake me somewhat.It drives home its main idea without being preachy, which is prettyhard to do. It starts subtle and keeps growing to the end.American Beauty also has some roots in forests Hollywood doesn't tendto grow it, another nice fruit. As liberal as I feel I am, I(embarrassingly) admit I felt a little uneasy about some elements ofthe movie. But I view that as a good thing.I think the main reason people might dislike this film is because ofits corny aspects. American Beauty does have a couple cheesy elements,but most of them are purposely cheesy. But I admit American Beauty doesfall victim to two too noticeable slapstick-like instances that seemout of place because the rest of the movie is so good. I was soenthralled by the movie that when these gimmicks happened I was prettyupset. It's not as though other popular movies wouldn't have theseoccurrence, it's that while watching this movie seems too good to havethem. I got the feeling that, in one of the scenes, the director keptre-shooting the scene and telling Spacey to be MORE obvious. But Ican't stress enough that I felt this way in literally two scenes. This is definitively a lasting film. I watched 13 years after it wasreleased and loved it. Even though it's not totally exactly perfect, Igave it a 10/10 because of rounding errors.I highly recommend this movie.