Clarence Worley (Christian Slater) falls in love with call-girl Alabama(Patricia Arquette) and ends up getting married to her. When he hearsof how brutally her pimp has treated her, Clarence has a violentshowdown with him and Clarence takes from him what he believes to beAlabama's clothes (which turns out to be a suitcase full of cocaine).With the assistance of Clarence's estranged father, Clarence andAlabama flee with the cocaine with the intention of selling it to amajor film producer. However stealing drugs carries major repercussionsand Clarence and Alabama find themselves being pursued by both theowners of the drugs and the police.Quentin Tarantino penned the screenplay for this film and what's mostsurprising here is that Tarantino merely serves up a fairly averagescript (one which lacks his usual creative flair). The story plays outas a sort of Bonnie and Clyde style road movie and pretty much everyother drug related crime film in existence so there is very little inthe way of originality here. Whilst the 'average' story is a weakness,thankfully it isn't a major one as the script is still interestingenough to make sure that one's attention never wanders.One problem I did have with this film is that I felt that it wasn'tquite as exciting as it could have been; the moment ChristopherWalken's character showed up I expected him and his goons to terroriseArquette and Slater more or less continuously, but aside from the onescene with Arquette and Gandolfini and the showdown at the end this isnever really explored and it just meant that the film lacked that extrabit of intensity required to put it among the top tier of crime films.Despite the above, part of the reason that this film does succeed isdown to many well-known faces who command attention throughout; Walkenis one of the highlights in this film and although his appearance isbrief he makes damn sure it's a memorable one. The scene with Walkenand Hopper was menacing and chilling (the two men are laughing at eachother for a few minutes which was actually quite unnerving). This scenealso contains some excellent 'Tarantinoesque' dialogue which is onething that made Pulp Fiction both bizarre and fascinating. It's a shamethat we're not treated to more of that here to be honest. Arquette isalso excellent here and despite her being an accomplice of sorts shestill shows a sort of vulnerability that endears us towards her. Therest of the supporting cast were OK, but I have to admit that GaryOldman's performance here was a little embarrassing and for me no whiteman should try to be black. Oldman was fun here, but I suspect thatthis is a performance that he'd rather forget.Tony Scott's direction is also very good and he certainly doesn't holdback in trying to bring some of Tarantino's vision to the big screen(the scene where Arquette and Gandolfini are fighting is shocking,brutal and realistic and is spoilt slightly towards the end of thisscene by Scott allowing things to get silly and not knowing when toquit whilst he's ahead). The showdown at the end was silly, but atleast it was fun.For me, True Romance is a fairly average crime story but it's elevatedby some magnificent performances, impressive direction, brutal styleand a sense of fun that underlies all the menace. Worth watching forsure, but I definitely felt there was room for improvement.