When I first watched American Beauty, I was in awe. To many, thisfeeling was mutual. I, like most viewers, felt as if I had justwitnessed the ultimate achievement in cinema?a film that actuallychanged my life. I thought it was the deepest, most profound film ever.I believed the message. I was ready to appreciate all the beauty in theworld.Fast forward a few years, my view changed. American Beauty is creepyand pretentious and stomach churningly awkward and so over the top attimes that it elicits eye rolls. I don't mean to rip the movie completely. Upon second viewing, I stillenjoyed it immensely. It's aware and insightful, even if it's not quiteas profound as everyone believed 15 years ago. In any case, American Beauty remains an Oscar worthy movie, in part,because of the flawless acting of Annette Bening and Kevin Spacey, whoplay two iconic roles even though they're essentially playing clichés,which is a super under-appreciated accomplishment. Seriously, think about it. They play a nuclear suburban couple in anordinary neighborhood with an ordinary teenage daughter (despite whatRicky thinks about her) and ordinary family issues. Even the greatestsources of conflict in the movie (her affair and his mid-life crisis)are exceedingly ordinary. And still they manage to give extraordinaryand lasting performances. Impressive work.All that ordinary really serves as the point of the film. Ricky, thekid who films stuff, sees things that most people consider ordinary andframes them in his mind as "beautiful." To an extent, he has awonderful, enlightened perspective. Except for when he crosses thethreshold into weird. Case and point: "Ricky, why are you filming that dead bird?" "Because it's beautiful." That's an iffy assertion at best, Ricky. I'm all about finding beautyin everyday places, but I find many things a heckuva lot more beautifulthan a dead bird. For one, a living bird.American Beauty has a worthwhile message; we've established that. Butthe message means little if not delivered properly. Thankfully it is.In fact the message delivery is the strength of the film. Itseffectiveness lies in its ability to present this family living theAmerican dream, a ubiquitous concept, while exploring it with a deep,multi-perspective approach.It deconstructs the whole concept of the American dream. We see thenuclear family?husband, wife and daughter. They live in a nice house ina beautiful neighborhood. The parents each work good jobs. The daughterattends a nice school. They should all be perfectly happy. Yet? As we peel back the layers, we see the flaws. The daughter hates herparents and struggles to fit in at high school. Mom tries and fails toconnect with her daughter while she also tries and fails at work. Dadseems to have lost interest in all things aside from lusting after hisdaughter's teenage friend.They are miserable.This all forces us to ask: this is the American dream? What's so greatabout this? As the story ultimately winds to its conclusion, it arrivesat the restoration of hope in the form of a super weird and creepycharacter experiencing an epiphany. *NOTE* I'm talking about Lester(Kevin Spacey), not Ricky, even though he is also creepy and weird. Iknow I hit on this already, but it demands a second mention. Quitefrankly Ricky is more than just strange. He's kind of a pompous toolwho is largely responsible for taking the movie from profound to "comeon dude, it's just a plastic bag" levels of pretentiousness. It almostmakes me glad President Snow killed him at the end of The Hunger Games13 years later.How perfect is that role for him? When you picture Ricky 13 yearslater, can't you totally imagine him designing the layout of a game inwhich kids fight to the death? It makes perfect sense to me. He wouldprobably think The Hunger Games are beautiful. *END OF NOTE* Anyway,back to Lester's epiphany.Lester turned his life around, in large part, due to his pursuit of afantasy. But when he had a chance to live that fantasy, he turned itdown. That was his epiphany. His real one, not the one he thought hehad after smoking weed with Ricky.No, that night with Angela was the moment of his true breakthrough. Herealizes that lusting after his daughter's friend is icky. More thanthat, he started to see things for what they really were. His fantasygirl was really just an innocent, vulnerable teenager. His daughter wasreally a special young lady he raised. His wife was really the woman hefell in love with.Being with Angela was not what he really wanted. He had what he wantedall along. Even with his current problems, he chose his reality overhis fantasy. He had a wife, a daughter, a great life. Somewhere alongthe way he just forgot.I could probably ramble for another few thousand words about thismovie, I better wrap things up.American Beauty sends a worthy message about appreciating the littlethings in life, the ones most of us take for granted. Experiencing themovie is like swimming through gorgeous ocean water in the Caribbean.It's wonderful, you just have to navigate through the seaweed ofaffairs and ignore the gross oil spill doubling as a 40 year old guyfantasizing about banging a high school cheerleader.If you can do that, you will take away something useful from thismovie. And you'll have a fun time while you do it.