Well, from what I have learned is that people will only complainanything that involves teen, specially the teenage romantic comedymovie! Blah Blah Blah ? this is predictable, this is so unoriginal,it?s this it?s that. Well after all it was a modern version of GeorgeBernard Shaw's Pygmalion. People have been using this for years, andeven won 8 Oscar for My Fair Lady, I see no one complain about that??Synopsis: Zack Siler has it all, President of his class, Captain of theteam, and dating the most popular girl in school. That is until shedecides to dump him for an actor. With his reputation in jeopardy Zackbet best friend that he could turn any girl into the prom queen in sixweek.In my point of view, I really do enjoy this movie a lot. It is a simpleguy and girl?s things, and most of all I was in Jr. High when the moviewas out. The story is simple, well pace, humorous, and its continuityis awesome. I have seen a whole worst in screenplay, this one is justright.The best part of this movie was the casting, and probably why it wassuch a hit in 1999. Freddie Prinze Jr. was truly a chick magnet at thattime, and Rachel Leigh Cook was the cutest girl on the planet. Thecombination makes this movie a ballistic hit. And they are both awesomein the movie, Zack character is pretty charming. And other young castalso did a darn good job too. It?s all fit.Overall, it was fun teenage romantic comedy, I enjoy it, and able towatch it again and again in the boring time. The movie also consists ofa pretty cool (at that time) soundtrack. The only problem was thatsince it been like almost a decade now, everything look dated,specially the wardrobe.Lastly, I always believe that if you?re out of age, you don?t reallyassociate with these kind of character anymore and wouldn?t have enjoyas much as people who?s a teenager. Anyway I enjoy the movie.Recommendation: I Do Own The DVD, And I Love Watching It.Reason to Watch: Casting, Personal Liking of This Genre of Movie, Lifein Late 90s?.Reason Not To: Dated, Personal Dislike of Teenage Movie.Rating: 7.5 (Grade: B-)