Well, this certainly put bums on seats. Great special effects, greatcinematography, nudity, steamy sex scene, spitting competitions,shoot-outs, and a tragic ending to a beautiful love story - all aboardthe S.S Titanic! This makes for, I'd say, the worse of the well-knownTitanic movies. It had a much bigger budget and such better specialeffects, but for extreme lack of sincerity and authenticity it is byfar the worse. The producers actually seemed to make an effort - insome parts at least - to include 1990s attitudes into a 1912 setting:note the rude finger Kate Winslet gave to the antagonist while escapingdown the lift.Kudos to James Cameron for putting so much effort into building theactual ship from original blueprints and for focusing so much attentionon realistic FX, and making the film, in parts, so profoundlyhistorically accurate. But in those parts in which the film was notprofoundly accurate, it was profoundly the opposite and disgustinglyso. Shame on Cameron for making the focus of the film a soppy, clichédlove story; the kind of which we have seen dozens of times. And shamefor making those scenes which were historically and poignantly accuratemere backdrops to this standard and fictionalised love story.But in our times, this kind of lowest-common-denominator love storyputs bums on seats and millions forked out to see Winslet and DiCapriofall in love, ride on the bow, and finally say a tearful, inopportune,goodbye.This is the failure of the movie. It is anachronistic, and the filmvoids itself off. On one hand, spending millions on accuracy - sets,research, costumes and special effects - will attract many peoplelooking forward to good quality film-making and a solid telling of whathappened that night - people who will then be alienated by theno-brainer love story. On the other hand, the assumed target audienceof the film who are primarily excited by the love story are those whocould not care less about the millions spent on historical accuracy. Itis a totally anachronistic situation.James Cameron totally wasted a fantastic opportunity to make abrilliant film on the subject, a film that could have surpassed allprevious efforts. Instead he devised a storyline totally entrenched inHollywood love-story stereotype, of the type that anyone could seeanywhere else, and simply set this aboard a historically accuraterendition of the Titanic. He did not understand that the real eventsalone of April 14-15 1912 were enough to fuel a heart-breaking story oftragedy and bitter irony, and instead he used well-worn cinematic toolsto pitch the film at the lowest-common-denominator who can't bebothered thinking outside their own experience. 'Titanic' is just anexample of the cultural sterility of our times. The 1958 film 'A Nightto Remember' told a more genuine, authentic, touching and historicallyaccurate version of the disaster with half the budget and half thespecial effects technology, and I think this is testament to thesuburban teenage wasteland which is Cameron's film.Still, the film offers good old-fashioned movie-going thrills andspills. It has a classic format against-the-odds love story all. Italso has great special effects, and employs intelligent cinematography.So as a form of entertainment, it is a jolly good romp to accompany abag of popcorn. As a film about the Titanic - which it purports to be -well, this kind of story could have been set anywhere and at anytime.The Titanic merely made a good and exciting setting for the fictionalcharacters involved.This is a bad Titanic film, and as James Cameron was aspiring to make aTitanic film, hence the title, he has failed. As time, the harshestcritic of all, marches on the film will be seen more and more as amarketing vehicle of the late 1990s. Other, better, Titanic productionswill remain holding their own as honest, accurate and sincererenditions of what really happened that night.Finally, the above-mentioned remarks about the anachronistic nature ofthe film make it difficult to rate, and hence the love-it-or-hate-itexperience of this film. 'Titanic' straddles the ridge between wellresearched triumph and Hollywood farce with the dexterity of athree-legged elephant....Which ever direction the elephant falls is upto each individual viewer.