Forrest Gump (1994) **** (out of 4) Forrest Gump (Tom Hanks), a slow but simple man from Alabama takes usthrough decades of his life, which includes various historical settingsbut all the while his heart is on Jenny (Robin Wright Penn), achildhood friend.FORREST GUMP was released and quickly became a huge hit and ended upwinning many Oscars. Today, for whatever reason, the film seems to behated by many people because of the movies it beat out. I've neverreally understood putting too much importance on Oscars or any otheraward show and I really don't understand why one movie must take abeating just because of what films it beat out. ORDINARY PEOPLE takes abeating because it beat RAGING BULL. Something like DANCES WITH WOLVEStakes a beating because it beat GOODFELLAS. Then there's FORREST GUMPthat takes a beating because it beat out PULP FICTION or THE SHAWSHANKREDEMPTION.As far as the film itself goes I think this is a great one. I've alwaysliked how the film took a look at a simple person's life and a simpleperson who is always in very big situations yet never reallyunderstands it. There are countless bits of dialogue that areremembered by mans and they've entered the public IQ but the onedealing with knowing what love is is the one that always caught myattention as far as what this film is about. To me Gump goes throughall these historic things yet it's always his love for Jenny that isthe heart of the picture.I thought the story itself was quite great and especially how we take alook at American history through the 60s, 70s and 80s. I know somepeople make this a political movie but I've always found that to berather foolish. The film has a wonderful soundtrack to highlight thevarious eras that are shown and we also get some clever use of CGI toput Gump in the presence of people like JFK and Richard Nixon. Thescreenplay hits all the right notes and there's no question thattechnically speaking the film is impressive.Then there are the performances that really make the movie. Hankspicked up his second Best Actor award and while I personally would havegiven it to Paul Newman for his performance in NOBODY'S FOOL, there'sno question that Hanks is great here. He certainly nailed that "simple"man and there's not a false moment in the performance. Gary Sinise iswonderful in his role as is Mykelti Williamson in his small bit. RobinWright Penn is the perfect opposite to Hank's character and Sally Fieldis good as well.No matter what people say, FORREST GUMP is still a wonderful little gemthat has a lot of great things in it.