Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research,the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the worldseries and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big yearin the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a taleabout the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love butare torn apart by their social class and at the height of theiremotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't thinkanybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the moviewas bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them beingteenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw themovie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that thelove that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time Ifelt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn'twatch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVDfor 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thoughtabout the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the bestmovie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that'ssilly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honesthere, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor,disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck ofthe RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable bluediamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they insteaddiscover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean,dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learnsof the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman inthe drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace,Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for thefirst time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fiancé, CalHockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater.Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide byjumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist namedJack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rosestrike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life,and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; theirbond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthyfor a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer inthird-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish toleave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatalcollision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a greatmovie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a fewhaters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it hadwon a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone isentitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you fromwatching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects,beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and stilllooks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn'tget a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazingability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise Idon't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kateand Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one ofthe greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being themost original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it workedextremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, theextreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets forTitanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James hadcaptured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. Herespectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night andmade sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those wholost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinionto scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movieblew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'mgoing to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutelyadore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, ithas too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it wasreleased. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow thecrowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going togo crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the filmwas just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever.I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in theclassics one day.10/10