Winning the 1992 BAFTA for Best Film and Best Actress Oscar for EmmaThompson, James Ivory's HOWARD'S END is that rarity - a film whosecomplexities of character and plot seem more rewarding on successiveviewings. It is a film I have grown to like more and more over theyears.This isn't dull and overly quiet Edwardiania. "Unlike Greece, Englandhas no true mythology" says Margaret Schlegel (Emma Thompson) duringthe film. Yet Edwardian England and the literature it spawned is almosta 20th Century English mythology. Tony Pierce Roberts' cinematographyfinds no difficulty in making this one of the best adverts the EnglishTourist Board has had - whether on a Devon cliff-top or capturing theprovincial charms of the Shropshire countryside or the film'srecreation of lunch at Simpson's in the Strand and Christmas Shoppingat Harrods.HOWARD'S END revolves around the Schlegel sisters, Margaret and Helen(Helena Bonham Carter). Helen is an early feminist, full of earlySocialist concern for the mild-mannered clerk Leonard Bast (Sam West).They meet when Helen accidentally brings home his umbrella from a musiclecture; and it is the Schlegels' well-intended advice about changingjobs which leads to Bast becoming unemployed.Margaret befriends the slow and elderly Ruth Wilcox (Vanessa Redgrave),owner of a country house called Howard's End. She is the wife of Henry(Anthony Hopkins), a dry businessman who is full of the dry Victorianmoral rectitude which is starting to look stifling and pallid in theLiberal England of 1910. When Ruth dies, she leaves the house toMargaret - but Henry and the family refuse to acknowledge it aslegitimate bequest and do not inform Margaret. Henry marries Margaret.Bast is the outsider is eventually connects the Schlegels and theWilcoxs - his wife is a former lover of Henry's and Bast eventuallygets Helen pregnant.HOWARD'S END is not only superbly plotted as a screenplay (from theE.M. Forster novel), but the characters also seem alive to the period,and therefore modern within the film's context. This is helped by theblessed casting of Emma Thompson, a standout amongst excellence and whobrings the air of believability to the good-natured Margaret. And alsoAnthony Hopkins, who is allowed a humane tear towards the end when herealises that his son Charles (James Wilby) will be charged with Bast'smanslaughter.The film is not to everyone's taste, but it's a far more substantialand interesting film than the previous Merchant-Ivory-Forster film AROOM WITH A VIEW.