Kevin Spacey is a genius, or at least a veritable magician.  A couple ofthefolks with whom I saw "American Beauty" said afterwards: "It was great -Spacey was incredible."  His performance, it seems, is enough to haveconvinced people that they had just watched a decent movie, even thoughthere is little else to recommend the film.  The other significant plus isthe advertising campaign - marketing it as "a funny drama" and "a movingcomedy" is an ingenious way of disguising the fact that it is neither.Since there are only two or three really good laughs in the piece it isn'treally funny enough to be a comedy (but since it's written by someone whoused to work on "Cybill", that's hardly a surprise) and since it only getsvaguely dramatic towards the end, it doesn't maintain the atmosphere of a"drama".  But the audience happily accepts this schizophrenic mess becausethe adverts told them to.  The adverts also told them to "Look closer".Again, this is a tip-top marketing ploy, since it implies hidden depth,significance and meaning, without the content actually being there.  Theaverage audience member is going to think "Wow, that plastic bag blowingaround must be really poignant, because this is a DEEP movie."  Heavenforbid that they should actually think for themselves.  Look closer,indeed.What then, of the characters?  Well, what characters?  Every one ondisplayhere is little more than a stereotype, from  fortysomething midlife crisisguy, to the uptight career-driven wife, to their moody teenage daughter tothe moody teenage boy, to the homophobic soldier who - gasp - turns outto be gay, etc etc etc.  Take the gay couple across the street, forexample.They are only around for two or three scenes, and only then to provokesomemore bigotry from Lieutenant Colonel Asskicker.  They might as well havebeen two cardboard cut outs labelled "Gay" for all that they were able todevelop.  I know they are only supporting characters, but if you're goingtodo a movie which tackles the issue of homosexuality, you could at leasthavesome believable homosexual characters in it, rather than 2-Dcliches.This is indicative of the whole, ghastly, contrived nature of this film.Characters don't feel like characters because they don't behave in an evenremotely plausible manner, they don't behave consistently, and they seemtostumble through from one set-piece to the next.  For example, Spaceygettinga job at Happy Burgers; sure, that's amusing, but the whole thing isengineered just so he can catch his wife out, and then it's dropped.  Itdoesn't fit in with any discernible character arc, but is simply contrivedto get a cheap laugh.  What about Ricky Fitts at the beginning?  You'vejustmoved into a new neighbourhood, you sell drugs but you have an incrediblystrict father, and you notice your new next door neighbour at a party.  Doyou A) introduce yourself, chat to the guy, find out if he's the sort whowill report you to the police etc. before making your move or B) marchrightup and offer the dope to him there and then because it expedites theaction?Or how about the daughter's friend towards the end of the movie.  You're16years old, you've just had a blazing row with your best friend, and yourcaris parked outside.  Do you A) run off, leave the house asap, and drivestraight home, or B) slink off downstairs and hang around interminablyjustin case Kevin Spacey shows up to carry out his perverted, sub-Lolitafantasy?  I could go on all day...The direction is, dare I say it, directionless.  Sam Mendes should sticktohis so-called risque theatre productions at the Donmar Warehouse.  Hisdebutfilm, as I have intimated, reeks of incoherence.  In addition to the tonaluncertainty, there is no clear directorial vision.  The only memorableimages are borrowed from "Blue Velvet" and "Lolita", the rest of the timeitseems to be left to the cast to try to carry the picture, whether throughBening's OTT hyperactivity or Wes Bentley understatement.  When you lookat"The Straight Story", or "The Insider", or even "The Sixth Sense", itgallsme to think that this has been nominated for Best Direction...That this movie is so highly rated by critics, IMDb users, and Oscarpersonnel, is a great shame, because ultimately its success is a testamentto people's stupidity.  A (substantial) crowd of non-thinking buffoons,easily satisfied by the occasional cheap laugh and a couple of relativelystrong performances have been sold a complete lemon.  This film is notdeep.There is no coherent philosophical notion of either truth or beautyevident.  A few shots of Ricky Fitts looking sullen and waving hiscamcorderaround do not, I'm afraid, amount to a radical thesis on the nature of theworld.  And nothing can get over the contrived, episodic nature of thisD-grade screenplay.Someone earlier on this comments page claimed that they could not likeanyone who didn't love "American Beauty", for it would mean that they haveno soul.  Well babe, by the same token, I will proudly say that anyone whodoes like this movie can't be my friend, because they clearly have nobrain.Look closer everyone, I implore you.  Frankly, "American Pie" is a moreprofound movie.  Dump this rubbish and go and see "The Insider".  Thinkforyourself, if you're able...My rating: 3 (/10)