"American Beauty" is tour de force cinema. Sam Mendes' brilliant debutfeature depicts a web of characters who yearn for their own 'AmericanDream' - yet, in the end, only one character truly attains it.Having seen "Happiness" only recently, I could not help but drawcomparisons: both films centre around a microcosm of society in which thepeople, in their own unique way, all strive to be successful or simply'happy'. But here the similarities end: the characters in "Happiness"undergo a self-realisation process through which they become increasinglyaware of their meaningless existence, and go on to wallow in their owndepravity. "Happiness" shows no signs of redemption; whereas in "AmericanBeauty" the audience is offered a sense of hope, of salvation, though thecharacters must endure a similar fate, or more accurately, they must endurethe way of life in which they are trapped.The pivotal character upon which this theme centres, is the father Lester,played impeccably by Kevin Spacey. He is presented to us as a bit of a loserwho plays the subjugatedfigure in the home and at work. He appears resigned to an unhappy life inwhich he is treated badly by his wife and daughter and his boss at work.Seemingly beyond redemption, Lester transforms from being a loser.Mendes portrays this transformation admirably well: he shows Lester on his'path to enlightenment' pushed up against a grim background of suburbaniteexistence. These early scenes are well balanced, forming a steady rhythm ofTV commercial-like vignettes which prove very comical, if at timesunsettling. As Lester reflects in the film: "My life is like a commercial".And how this rings true: like in "Happiness", all the characters hideunderneath this veneer of normality and respectability, yet they are allrevealed to be nothing but the opposite: depressed, depraved and desperate.Lester's wife, played by Annette Benning, is the most success-drivencharacter in the story which renders her the most hopeless in the film'stone of moral conviction. "In order to be successful in life one mustproject the appearance of success" is the maxim she adopts from the 'king'of real estate, Buddy King. It is a phrase which resonates throughout thefilm: for Benning's pawn, life is all about keeping-up appearances. This iswhere Lester differs from her: his emancipation is enabled by him discardingthe constraints of 'normal life' and following what his heart desires.Lester is the catalyst in this narrative in which the ancillary characterseither follow suit (as does his daughter and Ricky) or pay the price (asdoes his wife and the Colonel). The irony inherent in this film, and itgrows with resonance as the film draws to a conclusion, is that the onlycharacter who truly becomes free must sacrifice everything in order toachieve it. Yet it is through his sacrifice that he is able to afford thesurviving characters a glimpse of hope in life.This film left me gasping for air: its hyper-realism conveys, at the sametime, a portrait of the suburban comedy, a jolting-shock of realisation, anda cathartic sense of hope. Mendes depicts a certain people who, to varyingdegrees, all strive for a certain 'American Dream', yet so few actuallyattain it. Though whilst one may have difficulty with tagging this film withthe 'feel good' label, the beauty of "American Beauty" is that it sitshalf-way between a desperate cry for help and a reassuring sense ofhappiness and fulfilment and that is cinema at its best.