Every so often there are movies that seemingly get released right atthe right time and subsequently become cultural phenomenons beyondtheir creators' wildest dreams. These movies often largely retain thatsuccess and esteem over the years (Gone with the Wind, Star Wars andJaws among others) or age poorly and get viewed as undeserving of theirhuge success at the time (for instance, Independence Day). Although nomovie appeals to absolutely everyone's taste, Robert Zemeckis' ForrestGump certainly can be said to belong more in the former category.Released in 1994 it raked in nearly seven hundred million dollarsworldwide, becoming the second biggest box office hit of '94 (after TheLion King) and mopped the floor at that year's Academy Awards, winningsix trophies including Best Picture (although I prefer Pulp Fiction andThe Shawshank Redemption by the tiniest of margins, but this isn'tabout those two), Director and Actor. It's a classic that, after firstseeing it in 1997 when I was 9, has stayed with me to this day. I'mabout to explain why.I don't think there's any need for me to talk about the story, so letme begin with the cast ensemble Zemeckis assembled for this film. SallyField will always be Mrs. Gump to me, and she turns in a beautifulperformance as a strong woman with integrity who vehemently refuses tothink of her son as a retard and does her best to make sure he neversees himself as one. An Oscar-nominated Gary Sinise is riveting as thehard-bitten but scarred military man Lt. Dan who comes to learn fromForrest the values of redemption and selflessness. Robin Wright Penn isheartbreaking as Forrest's free-spirited but deeply troubled true lovewhose life takes a very different route to Forrest's, and MykeltiWilliamson also gives a very touching turn as Bubba, theAfrican-American young man with a heart of gold who becomes Forrest'sbest friend in Vietnam.But at the risk of sounding like a hyperbolic and dangerously obsessedfanboy, I daresay the acting masterclass Tom Hanks puts forth here isthe finest display of acting I have ever witnessed. No other actorbefore or since has made such a convincing transformation into theheart, body and soul of another person as Hanks does here. Everydelayed or confused mannerism is spot-on, his Southern accent isflawless and his every emotion letter-perfect. In the whole film,particularly the grave scene towards the end, you look into his eyesand you don't see Tom Hanks, you see Forrest Gump. Utter perfection.Many will say the storyline is a contrived, manipulative and evenconservative affair (and, admittedly, in some respects they may beright), but they're oblivious to the darker subtext in Eric Roth'sscreenplay and the many postmodern storytelling methods Zemeckisdeploys here. While we watch Forrest encounter so many historic peopleand events, we see Jenny experience the negative side of '60s and '70scounterculture as she protests the Vietnam War, embraces alcohol, drugsand illicit sex and also for much of the film's duration Forrest'simpairments are exploited for laughs. When we analyze this side of thestory the film becomes much darker than it initially seems. Theunconventional methods Zemeckis uses in telling Forrest's story enhancethis ? in his narration he discusses things that are yet to happen andthe placing of Tom Hanks into old footage of the real-life events givesthe movie a revisionist historical feel.Another huge plus is the soundtrack, containing most of the greatestartists from the '50s to the early '80s.Forrest Gump's charm and appeal is timeless, and its artistic craft iseven better. It's a rollicking tapestry of American history from the'50s to the '80s (both good and bad), driven by a powerhouse ensemblecast and a brilliant crew working on a brilliantly constructedscreenplay filled with dozens of lines that have entered the lexicon,all brought together by the love and passion of a genius director.Forrest Gump is a classic that will look handsome in any DVDcollection, and is yet another movie that never leaves me feelingamazed no matter how much older I get. A true classic.