I believe everyone has a right to their opinion about films or othertopics. However from a lot of the comments I have read about this film,I do not think many got the gist of the message from the author and thefilm maker. This film is a great modern fable, a fable in thedictionary is defined as a brief fictitious story that teaches a moral.There are many morals defined in this film but foremost is integrityand a simple goodness.I have a half brother who grew up in the Southern U.S. and on oneoccasion we were discussing this film and he said he felt it portrayedSoutherners as dimwitted. I disagreed with him and informed him thatthe author himself was a native Southerner. The setting is central tothis story in that it lets the tale unfold tying in factual events withthe fable before us.The film is wonderfully directed by Robert Zemeckis, the film is hisopus and is acted by a great cast on all levels. From the children whowere Forrest Gump and Gump Jr. by Haley Joel Osment. Say what you wantbut I feel Tom Hanks deserved the Oscar award. Gary Sinise issynonymous with Lt.Dan whenever you hear those words. Sally Fields isthe loving dutiful mother in her challenging situation. MykeltiWilliamson as Bubba gives you a real sense in the story that Gump had agenuine friend, he moves you with his character. Words don't grasp thefull performance of Robin Wright Penn as Jenny. Jennys' tenderness andpain are palpable as exhibited by Wright.I feel that much of Gumps' appeal is his downright sense of doing theright thing regardless of the people and situations around him and wesee that in this film. That being the case maybe we all wish we couldbe just a little more like that, trying to maintain innate goodness andnot the trade-offs we often make as we go down lifes highways.The movie has it all too,drama,comedy and it challenges societal normsas well. Then there are the almost endless quotes from the movie thathave slipped into everyday speech. They are too numerous to say at thispoint.One of the toppers for me in the movie is when Forrest is in aquandary about life and wondering as Lt.Dan said we all have a destinyand his Mom says it is where we are all just floating around like afeather in the wind. Forrest's character terms it very well with thisquote,"I think it is a little bit of both." From my experiences in lifeit does appear to be that way. So if you have not seen the movie,see itsoon you are in for a real treat. If you did not like it, give it a tryagain and hopefully you will see it for the great story it is!