Having already seen A Room with a View and loving it, I saw Howards Endhaving a feeling it would be good. After seeing it, I absolutely lovedit, and think it marginally better than A Room with a View. Directed byJames Ivory, produced by Ismail Merchant and written by Ruth PrawerJhabvala, it is a remarkably faithful adaptation of the novel, and ontop of this is also an elegant, nuanced and fascinating film.The period detail is perfect. What I loved about A Room with a Viewespecially was its gorgeous Italian settings. Here it is just asgorgeous, while also having a certain elegance about it. You can nevergo wrong with beautiful scenery, wondrous costumes and elegant-lookinglocations, Howards End had all three of those. The music is also amarvel, beautiful, haunting and hypnotic, somewhat reminiscent of aPhillip Glass score, while having a few snatches of Percy Grainger andBeethoven too.The script is very faithful in style to the book and warmth and depthis given to the characters, and the direction is sensitive and nuancedvery like how it was in A Room with a View. The plot is quite complex,even on first viewing I found it a little hard to keep up witheverything. Then again, this is the sort of film you may need to seemore than once. It is quite slow moving, and at over 140 minutes hardto sit through in one sitting, but the period detail, music, screenplayand acting made the film pleasurable, elegant and even moving.Speaking of the acting, the whole cast give very strong performances,while not standing out from one another. Emma Thompson isendearingly-beautiful in Howards End, more beautiful than she looked inMuch Ado About Nothing, and gives a moving and spirited portrayal ofMargaret. Helena Bonham Carter delivers one of her best everperformances in this film, a performance filled with depth and passionthat really wants to make you feel for her character. Vanessa Redgravewhile her role is brief still leaves a lasting impression in acharacterisation that is moving and wholly relevant, while as the coldMr Wilcox Anthony Hopkins who a year later would give a brilliantperformance in The Remains of the Day(another stylish and nuanced film)shows what a fine actor he is as he gives yet another fine performance.The more minor characters were also very well done, from a spiritedSamuel West, whose character Leonard Bast exemplifies the lowexpectations of the clerking classes, to a suitably serious JemmaRedgrave as Evie Wilcox.Overall, moving, elegant, nuanced and impeccably acted, Howards End isa must see. 9.5/10 Bethany Cox