I enjoyed this film so much, it's one of my top ten all-timefavourites. Oddly enough, my top ten favourites do not include a singleTarantino-directed movie - I honestly wonder if all his writing wouldbe this good with a competent director, like Scott, or if theuncredited Avary's influence was what made this particular movie standout for me.The story is nothing new or original. Boy meets girl. Boy falls in lovewith girl. S*** happens. It's almost a traditional yarn, but solovingly spun that it deserves to be a classic. It's not life-changinggenius. It's not world-shaping art. It's never going to be the subjectof a classical literature degree... but it *is* engrossing,entertaining, enjoyable, and honestly, utterly, undeniably romantic.The cast is brilliant, and expertly placed to shine in their respectiveroles. Almost every line is quotable and no scene is wasted. Sure, thedialogue is recognisably Tarantino, but it's just not the same windingmonotony that taints the interplay in his own directing ventures - itflows well and doesn't get in the way of real acting. Exchanges betweencharacters feel natural.Yes, it has violence (this is an action movie after all), but it servesto enhance the elements of peril that pull the viewer into the plightof our plucky couple. The most harrowing moments in this movie involvethe least gun-play, deriving their impact from strong performances andbelievable pain or sacrifice. Despite some tried-and-trueHollywood-style action too, there is an appreciable element of realityand plausibility that makes suspension of disbelief an effortlessendeavour.This movie has compelling characterisation, perfect pace, well-directeddialogue, an appropriate measure of action, and characters you canreally root-for... not to mention that this cynical critic can't watchit without almost (not quite, but almost) getting all weepy.If you're a Tarantino fan and you haven't watched this, you may beneglecting his best work. If you are *not* a Tarantino fan and youhaven't watched this, you may be neglecting a true classic.