Howard's End chronicles the intertwining lives of three English familiesinthe early twentieth century.  The Schlegels and Wilcoxes are prosperousandwell educated.  The Wilcoxes are proud of their family and their property,particularly Howard's End.  Helen Schlegel meets the third family when sheinadvertently steals Leonard Bast's umbrella.  The Basts are poor andaggrieved by their troubled pasts.The Wilcoxes become anxious about the Schlegel's interests in Howard'sEnd,while Helen Schlegel concerns herself with Leonard Bast's fate.  Theirintriguing stories encompass romance, illegitimate pregnancy andmanslaughter.Jhabvala's well-written script is a faithful adaptation, offering aninteresting insight into the England of times gone by.  The storycontraststhe generous Schlegels with the avaricious Wilcoxes and explores therelationships that people can form with their homes.  It superficiallyprobes the plight of the poor through Leonard Bast.  The romance betweenHenry Wilcox and Margaret Schlegel is rather under-developed though thetender moments between the two during their engagement are managedwell.Emma Thompson excels in her role as Margaret Schlegel, conveying theelegantkindness and caring of her character without being cloying.  Thompson ablyhandles Margaret's chattiness and politeness, creating a sympatheticcharacter with her expressive face and gestures.  Anthony Hopkins alsoperforms adeptly as Henry Wilcox.  He discreetly reveals Henry'slonelinessand misery beneath his cold, almost heartless exterior.James Ivory directs the ensemble cast competently.  He handles scenesconceived on a grand scale, such as Leonard's visit to an insurancecompany,impressively.  The superb photography captures the beauty of Howard's Endeven under grey skies, while the opulent sets adequately recreate theperiod.Howard's End, Merchant-Ivory's third Forester adaptation, looks and soundsbeautiful, though sometimes its splendour diminishes the subtle plot andcharacter intimacies.  Still, it makes for intelligent entertainment, ararething for modern movies.