From the start of Sam Mendes' film we are aware of the ending. It stillcomes as a bittersweet surprise. The film opens with a shot of theprotagonist's street and eventually into his house. The protagonist isLester Burnham played by an incredible Kevin Spacey. In these openingshots we see his wife and her co-ordinated garden and footwear andtheir "better homes"esque house. From this it sounds like aglorification of the American dream.The truth is the complete opposite as it smashes it. The opening songis entitled "Dead Already" from the films' apt soundtrack. Lester'sgroggy state is changed drastically when he first sees his daughter'sethereal friend Angela. He subsequently becomes infatuated with her. The film is so great because it presents so many different themes whichintertwine like the plot of a Tarantino film. The themes represent allthe characters as neither heroes nor villains but victims of societyand excessive materialism. It is a darkly hilarious satire whichclearly has taken inspiration from George Orwell's novel "1984" andDavid Lynch's 1986 film "Blue Velvet". The cinematography by themasterful veteran Conrad Hall contains some of the most beautiful (it'sthrown in on purpose) use of colour in film. It massively juxtaposesthe brilliant yet unnerving reality of Alan Ball's witty and bleakscript. Lester goes on a journey to rediscover himself and subsequently leaveshis job as an advertising executive and applies for a job in fast food.He begins a strict work-out regime (apart from occasionally smokingdrugs). He also buys his childhood dream car. He continues with thisadolescent demeanor until he eventually appeals enough to Angela. Now this is where the film could have ended poorly, of course I won'truin it for you. All that can be said is that the whole film is anexploration into the definition of beauty in our current society whichis eventually found by Lester.The characters are treated with delicacy as the story revolves aroundthem all searching for something intangible. The film is so effectiveas a satire because it neither supports nor condemns any of thecharacters. It presents them and their lives objectively. In many waysLester's representation is similar to Travis Bickle in "Taxi Driver"(1976). Inasmuch as both films contain a character study not analysisand leave enough ambiguity to morally agree or disagree with bothcharacters. In a nutshell "American Beauty" is the best movie of the 90's and thebest of Spacey's illustrious career. Need I say more!