Zack, that classic, perfect and handsome jock that has it all. He's gotmoney, he's got the ladies. But there is more that meets the eye.Zack's narcissistic witch of a girlfriend, Taylor, breaks up with himafter a romantic rendezvous with a gross reality star on the Real Worldseason 2 LA, Brock.This becomes the hottest gossip throughout this Southern Californiahigh school when Usher announces it to the whole school. That is whenZack decides that he will absolutely NOT feel any self pity and willturn this whole debacle around. Zack's manipulative best friend, Dean, calls him out on his bluff butdecides that he wants to play a game. He challenges him to a bet thathe can't turn just any run-of-the-mill gal into a prom queen to beatTaylor. Their other seemingly nice black best friend, Preston, thinksthey're being crazy and wants NOTHING to do with this.They're being little typical judgmental pricks when Dean spots Laney, aconfused socially awkward art student and just an all around klutz.Zack then screams "LANEY BOGGS? NO WAY." Then he reluctantly decides toaccept the bet.He first attempts to approach her at school, fails. Zack then goes toLaney's work at a local taqueria. She says, "HELLO?!?!? STALKING ISILLEGAL!?!?!" However, she decides to give him five minutes to explainhimself. She decides to let him come to an art piece. Now, this iswhere my fave part of the movie comes in. It's so funny. omgThey go to this art show where this dude is running around in undies inthis interpretive art piece then Laney comes out and steals it away.This is where Zack really starts to almost immediately fall in lovewith her. Laney throws him on the stage, however, he totally pulls thishackeysack out of nowhere and starts kicking it to some kind of poemabout how pressured he feels in life and totally pulls it off. They gooutside and Zack tells her that she has beautiful eyes. She says "WHATTHE FREAK? I KNEW IT. YOU TOLD ME I HAVE BEAUTIFUL EYES!" And then runsaway.Zack shows up uninvited to her house and becomes tight with her dad andbrother. Laney's like "WTF YOU JUST DON'T GIVE UP DO YA?" They go tothe beach.Gabrielle Union really takes notice of Laney and how much more shelikes her than evil witch Taylor and nominates her for prom queen.Queue classic scene where Zack asks his pretty sister Mackenzie to giveLaney this hot top-of- the-line look for Preston's party. She takes theglasses off and slaps on a red dress and whoa, we got a whole newwoman.They go to this party and Laney gets revenge on her arch-nemesis inart, Misty, by painting her face to resemble a clown after just tryingto help her. Taylor sees her at the party and makes a scene by pouringwine down her dress. Everyone gets quiet and Laney just books it,crying. That is when Zack stops to look at Taylor and says "WHAT THEHECK IS YOUR PROBLEM?!?!" And continues to run out, leaving Taylorstanding there looking flabbergasted.Everyone is LOVING that Laney is running and giving a voice to therejects of the school. Taylor comes back after a short disappearance,upset that her reality star boyfriend broke up with her, but has herbrain focused on prom queen. She steps out of her car after crying andis immediately over it when she sees she has competition from Laney.She looks at Gabrielle Union and their white gal pal and exclaims "DIDI MISS SOMETHING!?"Everything is going fine for Zack and Laney until that evil,manipulative Dean, has had enough. He sneaks up on Laney behind Zack'sback at the taqueria she works at and asks her to prom and throws Zackunder the bus. When they're decorating for prom, Taylor tries to schemeon Zack and he's like uh no, I love Laney and Taylor informs him thatLaney is going to prom with Dean.Zack turns around with them big sad blue eyes and sprints up to Laneyand Dean and says "WHAT IS GOING ON HERE? WHAT THE HELL DEAN? THISISN'T FAIR!" Scandal unfolds. Dean is like "dude, I can't do this betanymore, I love her." Zack is like "WTF IS YOUR PROBLEM DEAN?!?!" This is where my favorite line is exclaimed. "Zack, is this true? AM IA FRICKIN BET?"Zack and Laney are both moping around, because they're in love, but helooks like a jerk and she looks like a fool. Laney and her dad have areal moment and convinces her to go have fun at prom and that there isa handsome guy waiting for her upstairs.You get prepared and think heck yeah, Zack is there. BUT NOPE it'sDean. Laney barely loses to Taylor. Dean, Preston and their pals arehanging out in the boy's room when Dean announces his plan to stealLaney's innocence. Preston is unimpressed with Dean at this point islike "quit being a jerk, she's a cool girl." Dean is like "WTF IS YOURPROBLEM?" They all walk out and that's when Laney's dweeb best friend,who now dates Mackenzie??, comes out and stops Zack in the middle ofhis prom king speech to tell him Dean's plan. Zack darts out of the gymleaving Taylor by herself. Zack runs to Laney's house and surprises her when she walks in and says"I had no idea" and she was like "he's a jerk" and then they kiss.Thank you Freddie Prinze, Jr. Thank you Rachael Leigh Cook. Mostdefinitely thank you Gabrielle Union. Paul Walker RIP.10 out of 10 for me.