I'm actually surprised at all the negativity aimed at this movie. But Ireally shouldn't be, you know? It's a formulaic, stereotypical movieabout high school and teenagers. In short, it's another teen movie (NotAnother Teen Movie - get it?). But there is something disarming about"She's All That." It's sweet, it's funny, it's cute, it's charming, andit's kind of innocent (in its own unique way, of course).OK, maybe I'm being a little hyperbolic with calling this movie"innocent," but I'm making these judgments because this is a movie thatI've always admired since it first came out in 1999 - I was 14 and inmiddle school that year, so I was definitely within its target audience- and I eagerly rented it on VHS from Blockbuster Video after beingreleased on home video. Regrettably, I never really watched it againafter that for some reason; I really wish I could come up with areasonable explanation, but I honestly have none. (As an aside, a fewmonths ago I purchased the movie on Blu-ray DVD and I finally had theopportunity to watch the movie in its entirety for the first time in 12years.)I personally feel that, unlike many of the teen comedies released onthe tail end of the oh-so-cynical seen-it-all '90s, "She's All That"was one of the far better movies from that time. It was incrediblywell-acted (by its wholesome, good-looking leads, played by FreddiePrinze, Jr. and Rachael Leigh Cook), well-written (by R. Lee Fleming,Jr), and directed (by Robert Iscove). I felt that the budding romanticchemistry between the two leads was real and believable. Additionally,the characters, especially Cook's character, Plain Jane art studentLaney Boggs, seemed real, three-dimensional, and sympathetic.I single out Rachael Leigh Cook because this was really her movie allthe way. In other words, she simply wasn't running her characterthrough the motions of Fleming's script, and she made Laney Boggs allher own - a living, breathing human being and not a brown-eyed,brunette-haired bombshell. She doesn't go from zero to 10 in the timeit takes for you to zip up your jacket, no (even though in the realworld, it would be utterly ridiculous for her to be considered, even inher "ugly duckling" stage, anything less than "very, very pretty"; allshe needs to do is lose the glasses, do her hair, and update herwardrobe and she's done - instant prom queen status). Hertransformation into a beauty queen is something that is seen as agradual process and is full of real effort on her part. In other words,She really is All That.At the beginning of the film, all-American jock - star soccer player -and class president and essentially nice good-guy Zack Siler (Prinze,Jr.) is publicly dumped by his shallow, self-absorbed girlfriend TaylorVaughan (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) for an annoying reality TV star from "TheReal World" named Brock Hudson (Matthew Lillard, of "Scream"). Zackbets with his best friend Dean (Paul Walker) that he can turn any girlin the school into a prom queen in six weeks. Dean chooses Laney Boggs.Predictably, Zack starts to fall for Laney - especially after hisyounger sister Mackenzie (Anna Paquin) gives her an extreme makeover -and soon finds himself questioning his bet with Dean.As I stated earlier, there isn't a whole lot to the plot that hasn'tbeen seen before in earlier, better teen pictures (like, say, forinstance, 1987's "Can't Buy Me Love," which this film could beconsidered in some ways a modern update of). But what saves it are itsperformances from two real, likable characters who are given a chanceon-screen to really learn from each other, and learn ABOUT each otherand make some unique discoveries about themselves in the process. It'sjust a quality that I wish more teen films shared these days."She's All That" - It really is All That, and then some more.8/10