Don't be misled by the title. It's true that the central couple --Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette -- are in love. There's neverany doubt about it, though, so we don't have too many domesticdisputes, no anguish over whether the two will find spiritualfulfillment in one another, no tearful complaints from the wife thatthe husband is married to his career, nothing cute at all, as a matterof fact. Adequate support is provided by Bronson Pinchot and a coupleof others, including several one-day walk ons by figures you'llrecognize at once.In possession of half a million bucks worth of cocaine, which they arewilling to part with for half that amount, just to avoid the hassle ofcutting it and selling it, Slater and Arquette take off forHollywoodland where, as everyone knows, the cocaine is as ubiquitous asthe car exhaust. The mob, however, does not approve of Slater'sabsconding with their "cola" and are in pursuit, at the end of whichthey (and the cops too) catch up with the couple during a deal with aHollywood mogul surrounded by well-armed gentlemen. The Hollywood goonsshoot at the mob, the mob shoots at the goons, and the police shoot ateverybody. The air is filled with feathers from exploded pillows asArquette and the wounded Slater sneak out and head for Mexico.It's funny, but it's a pretty gory movie too. James Gandolfini shows upat Arquette's apartment and demands to know where the coke is. Arquettecan't stop giggling as she tells him that there's a Coke machine at theend of the hall. She giggles through howls of pain even as he beats herto a pulp and throws her through walls. She winds up a bloody mess. Itwould be nice if professional make up personnel would remember thatblood in the open coagulates and turns dark after half an hour. Here,as elsewhere, it's vermilion throughout.Despite the tumult, it's amusing. At times the dialog reaches for thekeen. Maybe the funniest role is Brad Pitt's, as a stoned roommate ofone of the lesser figures. Faced with a shotgun, he decides it would bebetter to withdraw his offer of a hit from his bong.