The Story:She's All That is nothing to take seriously at all. It's a harmless littlefilm that serves it's 90 minute entertainment value. I wasn't bored, iwasn't too impressed but i could handle watching the film and accepting itfor what it is: a harmless teen film.The plot is pretty simple. The most popular guy in school has just beendumped by his girlfriend and to prove that he can make anyone like her hetakes his friends on a bet that he can turn the dorkiest girl in highschoolinto the new prom queen. Of course they hat each other in the beginning andlike any romantic comedy they begin to like each other when theirrelationship begins to progress. You can probably guess how this one ends.The Acting:Freddie Prinze Jr: I can't tell if he's a bad actor or if he just picksmaterial that is totally beneath him. He was terrible in I Know What YouDidLast Summer but in his roles that followed that picture he got a lotbetter.He has major screen presence here and considering the material he carry'shimself quite well.Rachel Leigh Cooke: She's the soul of this film. If not for her i don'tthink i would've liked it as much. She's a very capable actress and i hopeshe finds material that is truly worthy of her talent.Paul Walker: i guess he wans't too bad in this film but his talent iscompletely minimal. He isn't anything too special. The average highschoolerwith no talent could've played this part though.Jodi Lynn O'keffe: she basically played the female equivalent of paulwalker's character, but with a little more sass. She isn't too bad in thisfilm but it doesn't speak well of her talent when she basically plays thesame part in the film Whatever it Takes.Anna Paquin: Her character is way too small. She's actually pretty good inher few scenes however. I've always thought she was pretty talented. Wishher character could've had more to doMatthew Lillard: He's quite funny in his scenes. I've always thought he wasa  pretty good actor. I also wish he would chose better material that isworthy of his talent. Too bad his current film ism SummerCatch.There are some pretty funny scenes as well. The Dance sequence at the promis pretty fun and done with a lot of energy. Also pretty funny are realsequences. I thought those were pretty clever. The rest of the film is thesame generic harmeless teen stuff that isn't too smart but something ican'treally hate.