There are movies and movies & there is Forrest Gump.- Movies that make you laugh, movies that make you ponder,movies thatmay excite you, but only a few can make you cry. Forrest Gump does itall. Boy, tears rolled down for the first time after watching amovie(of course there are other movies that followed but surely none ofthose were even close to this phenomenal motion picture). Not that I amHercules or Thor, but it takes immense poignance to make me cry. Talking about Robert Zemeckis, the man always had a peculiarity in hisdirection but this is the one which stands tall among all. This storywouldn't have been the same without him. He is the one who brought thefeel to this movie. Tom Hanks does not have Tom Cruise's face or Brad Pitt's body & so hegot to the best with what God has given him- SHEER ACTING PROWESS. Inearly 90's he was still to establish himself among great names & thatshow he did it? Although he had already won an Oscar for philadelphiabut this movie was his official entry to the hearts of millions ofpeople across the globe. Its hard to imagine any other actor fit inthis role. His movies have always been like a box of chocolates- YOUNEVER KNOW WHAT'S GOING TO COME & this one is a pure delight- a moviethat can make your day.Some of the finest dialogs, thrilling moments, funny instances,touching storyline, insightful thoughts & a pinch of romance, thismovie offers you everything you are looking in a heartwarming feel-goodmovie.Robin Wright's performance was a treat to watch and some breathtakingchemistry with Tom Hanks made it even more delicious. Even the best inthe romance cannot match this one. "I may not be a smart man but I knowwhat love is" is one of my favorite lines in the movie. Stupidity hasnever been so touchy before.Every single character contributed to this beautiful fable in bits &pieces- Forrest, Jenny, Lt. Dan, Bubba, Forrest's Mama, Young Forrest &Junior Forrest are some of the unforgettable ones. An extraordinary journey of an ordinary man & arguably one of the bestperformances of all time by Tom Hanks- don't give a miss to this one.It may change your perception about life.One hell of a movie & it will be close to my heart forever! what can I say more