Of the 250+ films I've seen and rated on IMDb, only one other(Schindler's List) is as good as American Beauty. A film like this notonly entertains while you're in the theater but also drops subtlequestions in your head about the nature of human behavior and the gulfbetween fantasy and reality. After watching this movie, viewers willthink long and hard about their own lives as well as the lives ofpeople around them. The movie spells out the social disillusionmentphenomenon everyone experiences but can't really grasp.American Beauty reminds us that, like Lester, we really have no ideawhat we really want. We're not rational creatures as economists assumewe are. Our instinct might lead us to perform one action, yet ourbrains might tell us to perform the complete opposite. We may lustafter material belongings, yet how do we know we will still treasurethose material belongings once we obtain them? Lester may lust afterAngela, yet once he feels her in his hands and finds out the truthabout her sexuality, an entirely different feeling comes over him.Ricky Fits, the drug-dealing boy next door, is able to look beyondconventional notions of attractiveness and find beauty innon-promiscuous, solemn girls as well as in plastic bags floating inthe wind. When many criticize the movie, they say, "Where's the beautyin a plastic bag?" And that's the point. We live in a world ofaesthetic subjectivism. What one person finds attractive, another mayfind repulsive, yet the urge is there for people to assume aestheticabsolutism. "It's just a plastic bag! How can there be beauty in it?"Well, a human being is just an aggregation of tissues, bones, andblood. How is that attractive? It depends on how you look at it.Reality is shaped by perspective.Some people criticize the Ricky Fits character because he records hislife experiences on tape and doesn't actually experience them. But timemoves inexorably in one direction. Time cannot be stopped. In aphysical sense the past and the future don't exist. We are onlyconscious in the present. Everything we do, everything we achieve,every bit of happiness we experience -- they are all eventually buriedin the past by time. Recording subjective beauty is a means by whichone can attempt to salvage beauty from the past into the presentbecause time eventually destroys all beauty. If you don't believe me,walk into a pre-school and then walk into a nursing home. Remember thatall the old men and women in the nursing home were once little kids.Another profound element of American Beauty is in the tag line: lookcloser. An individual's behavior is not independent of his environment.Humans are conformists by nature, and humans will modify their behaviorto assimilate into existing social categories. If any individual daresto stray from the category to which he has been assigned, he is shouteddown and ostracized. No one can resist the urge to conform, so whybother? Everyone is nice in public, yet on the streets they blare theirhorns, scream, and swear. Some boys I know pretend to hate AmericanBeauty because on the surface it seems like a "chick flick." They forcethemselves to watch gory horror movies and show off to others how theycan stomach intense violence and excessive sex scenes. In AmericanBeauty, Angela acts like a total slut, as many girls seem to benowadays. In the end, however, she is not what she makes herself out tobe. Colonel Fits tries to act like such a man, yet in the end it's alljust a giant facade. Civilization is but one giant movie, and membersof society must start acting their parts if they want to belong to thiscivilization. Otherwise, they're outsiders. Try walking into a jobinterview without a tie. You'll be thrown out. That is the power ofconvention.What if I asked you this question: What do you want in life? Mostpeople would say, "happiness." But is happiness worth deluding yourselffor? Carolyn Burnham shields herself from sadness by adopting apositive-thinking philosophy, a philosophy of self-affirming mantrasand harsh self-discipline. Positive thinking may help you attain yourgoals, but positive thinking also blinds you from reality. Is it wiseor moral to change the channel when you hear about mass starvation inAfrica so you can enjoy moments of fleeting happiness from a cheapromance movie? Self-help is just a euphemism for self-deception. Allhumans need some complex fraud to distract them from the harsh andnihilistic realities of life, whether it's religion, money, or evenlove.In spite of American Beauty's greatness, there are problems. Charactersare stereotypical, but viewers will hardly notice unless they'reultra-critical. Anyway, exaggeration is essential in satire so thatcertain points are made obvious to viewers. Furthermore, Alan Ball'soriginal screenplay is slightly edited. The ending is more optimistic.Problems aside, Sam Mende's debut movie is one of the greatest I'veseen. Not only is it entertaining but it is also filled withinteresting ideas. It's an important film for society because there'sso much society needs to learn. One boy I knew refused to watchAmerican Beauty because, as he said, "I'm not gonna watch a movie witha name like that!"Look closer.10/10