*****WARNING: THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS**** Adapted from thenovel of the same name by Winston Groom, "Forrest Gump" is unlike anymovie I've ever seen. For the duration of its two-hour run, it enchantsand moves, amazes and inspires, seamlessly blending comedy and drama,history and fantasy, threading its spellbinding yarn against thebackdrop of some of the defining events in modern American history."Forrest Gump" is about Forrest Gump, an everyman from Alabama. WhileForrest is none too bright, he can run like the wind, which secures hima scholarship to the University of Alabama. As the film continues, hebecomes a footballer, a soldier, a ping-pong champion, a folk hero anda multi-millionaire. He meets Elvis Presley and JFK; exposes theWatergate Scandal; saves lives in the Vietnam War; runs across theUnited States; becomes a household name as a highly successfulshrimping boat captain; makes the cover of Forbes magazine; andinspires John Lennon's iconic record "Imagine." And yet, in spite ofall these events, the defining moments in Forrest's life are those heshares with Jenny, his childhood sweetheart, who flits in and out ofhis life as she goes on a downward spiral trying to come to terms withbeing a survival of physical and sexual abuse by her father when shewas a child.It is from these tender and real moments between Forrest and Jenny thatthe film finds it emotional core. Their relationship develops over theyears and ultimately leads to them marrying and having a son together.But even then, Jenny's traumatic past comes back to haunt her, as theyears of self-destructive behaviour that it triggered led to herbecoming ill with an unknown virus (possibly HIV/AIDS) that tragicallyclaims her life towards the end of the movie. "Forrest Gump" is very much a take it or leave it film. It could beviewed as one-dimensional, optimist bilge, about an idiot meanderingaimlessly through life, merely getting lucky. Reading between thelines, though, you find a masterpiece, careening between sadness andjoy, pain and triumph. Robert Zemeckis' direction is almost flawless;he renders "Forrest Gump" with aesthetic quality and flair. It includessoundtrack with contributions from various American artists and, ofcourse, Alan Silvestri, who composes a beautiful piano suite that ismagical in itself.Recognising technical and writing merit, the standard of acting in"Forrest Gump" is high as to be almost off the scale. Tom Hanks'sperformance as Forrest Gump accrued Oscar, Golden Globe and SAG awardsthat he wholly deserved; he plays Forrest's naivety and vulnerabilitywell and his monologue at Jenny's grave was a tearjerker. RobinWright's portrayal of Jenny - a woman crying out for help - was tenderand real and Gary Sinise, playing Forrest's commanding officer in theArmy, Lt. Dan Taylor, who loses his legs after being wounded in combat,is superb, flawlessly capturing Lt. Dan's wrath, melancholy and despairand later his redemption and joy. There is no way to define "Forrest Gump" as a movie. It can only bedefined as art.