Whilst watching this film with my sainted wife, we recalled that (althoughwe were not popular in high school) that the popular kids were not so meanas Taylor. Were they that mean _anywhere_?I liked the fact that the popular clique were differentiated, as opposedtothinking as one and being as one. Preston was sensitive, expressingreluctance to stage the initial bet, making an effort to include Laney inthe volleyball game ("Is your name Laney?"), and telling Dean that hisattempt to "score" with Laney wouldn't work. Dean was basically an amoralthug who cared nothing about the thoughts of others. Zach was confused,butmore or less good-hearted. Alex, Katie and Misty each had their ownpersonality.This was a refreshing change from most teen comedies where the "popularkids" think and act as one.Brock was hilarious as a D-list celebrity who hasn't quite gotten over his15 minutes of fame. The reaction of the girls to his little bit of famewaslikewise hilarious.I wondered why Jesse and Laney hadn't tried to make a go of itromantically;however I was pleasantly surprised to see Jesse and Mac meet up at theprom(I was surprised, however, that Mac hadn't gotten a date of her own andwentwith her brother.)The race for prom queen was fun; people seemed to side with Laney forreasons of their own, ranging from "Revenge of the Nerds" to "I'm sick ofTaylor lording over us with her bitchiness." Then again, my senior promkingwas elected as a joke. :PThe only problem I had (and it's a biggie) with the film was that Laneymadethe change from geek to chic effortlessly; after the party humiliationLaneyhad zero problems moving into the "chic" crowd. (Also Rachael Leigh Cookbeing so dorky the other art geeks tell her to commit suicide? Puh-leeze.Imean she could've gotten a few dates on her tits alone.)Also I find it hard to believe that she'd move from telling Zach to goawaywithout a second thought on his initial approach to just up and going totheprom with Dean, a guy she barely knew and who made zero effort to get toknow her. I mean, we went from "that's a HELL NO" to "OK" ... even afterthebet was revealed to her.Oh yes, and although Rockefella Skank is a cool tune, I expected thestudents to break out into song during that little dance number @ theprom.That was disturbing.Basically what we have here is Detroit in movie form. The centralcity/premise is empty and poorly done. The suburbs/surrounding cast isamongthe best I've seen in this genre (brainless teen comedy). All in all, a6.5of 10. Not a complete waste o' the $1.99 for renting it from VideoWarehouseon South 5th Street in Arlington, VA (heh), but I wouldn't make a beelineinparticular for it.Shawn Pickrell