I think of Forrest Gump (1994) directed by Robert Zemeckis as a fantasyor a fairy tale set in the real world, and what a marvelous tale it is.It's been 15 years since I saw the film for the first time with my 13-years-old son. We were impressed, touched, and moved by it equally. Welaughed, we could not contain tears, and we lived together with thehero, the childlike, naive, and innocent Forrest Gump, the most unusuallead character you can think of. FG was a big hit when it was released,and it went on to receive 6 Oscars including for The Best Picture,Director, Best Actor, Best Visual Effects, and Best Screen Play. Thefilm's Oscar status has made it one of the controversial choices amongthe film viewers. Some completely agree that FG deserved all its awardsand its love. The others, and quite few to that believe that the filmis totally overrated, sickly sweet, and it is nothing more than theAmerican propaganda of mediocrity. They believe that the film's mainidea is, follow the orders, do what you are told, and even if yourintellect is low or almost non-existent, with a little bit of luck, youwould achieve the success in your life and even would change thehistory by simply being at the right place in the right time. How wrongI believe they are. You can't think of Forrest Gump as a real person.He is a fairy tale character, or rather the embodiment of a human withno cynicism whatsoever, the candid, pure, innocent man who is not quickor witty but who knows bad from good and right from wrong and throughwhose eyes we see the historical events in the live of this country forabout thirty years of the last Century. Forrest may not be anintellectual prodigy but he was led through life's hardships, by theinner moral compass if you will and he knows the very simple truthsthat he never misses - love and loyalty to his mother, his friends, thegirl he loves and his Country. The movie covers the look at America not only from Forrest's point ofview. Another look at alternative, rebellious, counterculture Americawas very well presented through Jenny's life. Between them two, Ibelieve the film's creators were able to show the changing times andchanging face of this country. Technically and visually, the film is amarvel. The best songs of the time that were used in the filmsoundtrack are great and I don't mind them sound almost all the time-the more the better. Tom Hanks had achieved the very difficult task.His Forrest is simple but not laughable. He is a decent and very goodman. It is not easy to create such idealistic character and to make himalive and sympathetic. There is not a single false note in Hanks'performance, and he absolutely deserves the Oscar. When I rewatched the film recently, it touched me as deeply now as itdid 15 years ago, and this is for me the sign of not just good but agreat movie. And that's all I have to say about Forrest Gump.