"Top Gun" director Tony Scott pulls out all stops in "True Romance," awonderfully lyrical, but abrasive crime thriller that opens in frigid,snowy Detroit, migrates to warm, sunny Los Angeles, and then concludeson a sandy beach in Mexico. "Beverly Hills Cop " lenser Jeffrey L.Kimball is such a gifted cinematographer that he makes everything inthis off-beat romantic actioneer look picture postcard gorgeous andScott orchestrates the shoot-outs for maximum impact. You will see alot of Dutch tilt angles in "True Romance" to capture the dangerous,topsy-turvy hi-jinks. While Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette arethe leaders, the producers have surrounded them with a superlativesupporting cast, and Brad Pitt gives one of the best performances in arather slight role as a slacker who lives on a couch. ChristopherWalken, Dennis Hopper, Gary Oldman, Samuel L. Jackson, and Val Kilmeras Elvis flesh out the film. Further, Scott has assembled a variety ofsongs both popular and classical that do as much to enliven theatmosphere of a scene as the cinematography. The editing on theroller-coaster scene is nothing short of spectacular. Like anyTarantino-directed movie, "True Romance" contains myriad references topop culture, especially Elvis Presley, Sonny Chiba, Charles Bronson,"Star Trek's" Captain Kirk, and John Woo's Hong Kong actioneers, withprofanity galore. The story follows the misadventures of a young,twentysomething drifter from Detroit and his wife--a reformedprostitute--as they head out to Hollywood to sell a suitcase bulgingwith cocaine and then ride off into the sunset.Clarence Worley (Christian Slater of "Heathers") works at a comic bookstore, Heroes for Sale, and every year during his birthday he attends aSonny Chiba triple feature. Tonight he encounters the woman of hisdreams, Alabama (Patricia Arquette) and spends an eventful night withher. Initially, Alabama plans to leave Clarence, but she cannot composea letter and gets no farther than 'Dear Clarence.' Later, Clarencelearns that Alabama is a 'call girl' and his boss paid for her.Nevertheless, Clarence and Alabama falls hopelessly in love and venturedowntown the next day to wed. They have matching tattoos inked intotheir bodies. Clarence asks Alabama about her things that she leftwhere she worked as a prostitute. Our blonde heroine tries to dissuadeClarence from dropping in on her former pimp Drexl Spivey (Gary Oldmanof "Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead"), so he can retrieve herthings. Meantime, Clarence's idol, the late Elvis Presley (Val Kilmerof "Top Gun") advises Clarence on his options. What makes Elvis'appearances cool is that you catch only glimpses of his face, you seehis body only making those characteristic Elvis' moves. Usually,Elvis?called the 'Mentor' in the screen credits?talks to Clarence whenour hero is in the bathroom.Clarence is determined that he must severe any ties between Alabama'sold boss and her new way of life. A gunfight erupts at Drexl's placeand Clarence survives miraculously. He orders a hooker to give himAlabama's suitcase. What he gets is a ton of cocaine. Ironically, thesuitcase has an anti-narcotics bumper sticker on it. Earlier, Drexldouble-crossed some associates and stole the suitcase from them. Thusbegins Clarence's odyssey. Alabama and he head out for Los Angeles, butbefore they blow out of town, Clarence checks in on his divorced fatherClifford Worley (Dennis Hopper of "True Grit") to see if theauthorities know anything about Drexl's death. Clifford clears anydoubts that Clarence has so Alabama and he pile into his pinkconvertible Cadillac and take off for California to meet his old friendDick Ritchie (Michael Rapaport of "Zebrahead"), an aspiring actor withan audition for the new "T.J. Hooker." Predictably, Dick doesn't knowwhat to say when he sees all the coke. Nevertheless, he is frustratedthat Clarence thinks that he has connections in the Hollywood industryto unload the cocaine.Meanwhile, after Clarence and Alabama leave, the Sicilian mob comesa-calling, and Clifford meets Vincenzo Coccotti (Christopher Walken of"The Deer Hunter") who tells him all about Clarence and the stolennarcotics. Of course, Clifford doesn't believe a word of it, butCoccotti wants to know where his product is so he tortures Clifford. Hestarts out by slashing his hand. One of the best scenes in "TrueRomance" has Clifford telling off Coccotti with a politically incorrectyarn about why Italians in southern Italy no longer have blue eyes andblond hair. Tarantino has gone on record saying that he got thisfanciful story from an African-American friend. The bit of classicalmusic that is set against Clifford's history lesson is stunning.Naturally, Coccotti isn't amused when Clifford calls him 'anegg-plant.' Anyway, Clifford refuses to divulge the whereabouts ofClarence and Alabama, and Coccotti blasts him at point blank range witha revolver. Attired in a topcoat with a scarf, Coccotti resembles apriest about to administer last rites. No sooner have they executedClifford than a mobster finds a note attached to the fridge andprovides them with Clarence's contact information in Hollywood. Thedramatic irony of this revelation and Clifford's decision to sacrificehimself for his son is quite striking.In Hollywood, Dick introduces our heroes to Elliot Blitzer (BronsonPinchot of "Beverly Hills Cop") who serves as a assistant to moviemogul Lee Donowitz (Saul Rubinek of "Unforgiven") and Clarenceconvinces Lee to buy the coke. Eventually, the Detroit mob hits LosAngeles and they come gunning for Clarence, with one of Coccotti'shenchmen, Virgil (James Gandolfini of "The Sopranos"), taking aninterest in Alabama. The fight between Alabama and Virgil is one of themost violent scenes and she celebrates her victory in a chant of primalecstasy that makes her look like Tarzan."True Romance" is a fantastic movie with memorable dialogue worthquoting. The protagonists are both young and sympathetic. ChristianSlater will never play another character as likable as Clarence Worley.