James Cameron's 'Titanic' is essentially a romantic adventure withvisual grandeur and magnificence, a timeless tragic love story setagainst the background of this major historical event... It's anastonishing movie that exemplifies hope, love and humanity... Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma... Conveyingpassion, trust, insouciance and ingenuity, he's a free-spiritedwanderer with artistic pretensions, and a zest for life... Kate Winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper-class teenengaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself, one night, plunged tothe depths of despair...Billy Zane is an arrogant racist, abusive and ultra rich who would lie,cheat, steal, bribe with money or even use an innocent young child toescape defeat... He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI...Kathy Bates is the legendary unsinkable Molly Brown, the richest womanin Denver, who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on theship...Frances Fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who, deathlyafraid of losing her social stature, forces her daughter to becomeengaged to marry a rich, supercilious snob...Victor Garber is the master shipbuilder, the real-life character whoattempts to fix time, to measure it, in a sense, to make it intohistory... Jonathan Hyde is the White Star Chairman who wants the Titanic to breakthe Trans-Atlantic speed record, in spite of warnings that icebergs mayhave floated into the hazardous northern crossing...Bill Paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a veryrare diamond called the "Heart of the Ocean." Gloria Stuart is the 101-year old woman who reveals a never-before toldlove story... The nightmare, the horror and the shock are imprintedupon her deeply lined face... 'Titanic' is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals asthe footage of the shipwrecked Ocean liner lying motionless on theocean floor; the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken'Titanic' that takes the viewer back to 1912, revealing themeticulously re-created interiors; the first sight of the Titanicsteamed steadily toward her date with destiny; the Titanic, leaving theSouthampton dock, and some dolphins appear jumping, racing along infront of the luxurious ship; DeCaprio and Winslet flying at the ship'sfront rail in a gorgeous magic moment; the intertwining of past andpresent as Jack was drawing Rose on his paper, the camera zooms closelyon young Rose's eye, only to transform its shape into Gloria Stuart'saged eye...Chilling scenes: Titanic's inevitable collision with destiny; JamesCameron?in one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film? takesus down with the Titanic, finally leaving us floundering in the icywater, screaming for help that never comes...Winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, James Cameron's"Titanic" is a gigantic epic where you don't just watch the film, youexperience it! The visual effects are amazing, like no other film's...The decor is overwhelming... James Horner's music intensifies theemotions... The whole movie is hunting and involving, filled with awide range of deep feelings... It's truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on thatunfortunate ship...