I first saw "Titanic" in fairly early 1998, I think, here in Australia.I went with a girl I had recently got to know on the Internet. She hadalready seen it, and spoke in raptures about it after we left thecinema, while I was hesitating somewhat, as I was not sure about what Ihad just witnessed. Since then, I have seen the film at least twicemore, including just now, and I stick by my opinion that I have neverseen a movie that is so bad and so good at the same time. The bad, as so many people have said, is the script. Well, thecharacters too. The main romance is so embarrassingly contrived as tobe juvenile, and this is not helped by the character of Rose. Quitefrankly, I can't stand her, and can only wonder why Jack did not pushthe little brat off the ship when he had the chance. Speaking of Jack,I liked him. He and Molly Brown were, by far, the two best charactersshown. I'm not bagging the acting of Winslett. I think she did well. Ijust thought her character was loathsome. Not much better is Cal. Icouldn't stand him either, and yes, I know you're not meant to likehim, but I didn't like the way I didn't like him! Talk about a cornyvillain. Snobby, cowardly... by the time he picked up the child to gethis way off the ship, I was thinking, "Alright, we get the idea. He's acreep." Really, I thought the whole "first class and the rest" conceptwas overdone. Yes, I know it was an issue, but it's so clumsy andobvious as to be cringe worthy. But probably the worst and mostdisappointing character was the captain. Here was someone I would haveloved to got to know. Ultimately, the sinking was all his fault. Yetthere was no depth to him, instead just coming off as a feeble humanbeing who did and said little, and who looked (understandably) more andmore desolate as he saw what was happening. But then there is the good. The sinking. Absolutely incredible. I amalways fascinated by the fact that the ship started to sink but, as isthe nature of such events, everything looks normal for a while. Peoplemoved around as usual, the ship just kept motoring along. And yet weknew it would be under water in a couple of hours. The gradualsubmersion is enthralling, and technically brilliant. This is why Ilike to come back to the film, and no it's not because I'm a disasterfan (which I am) who just wants to see people die and not care aboutthings like romance. Not at all. Really, no. A key to such films isdepth of character and their relationships with each other. No realpeople means no emotional charge when said disaster happens. Theeffects are breathtaking, and the model work stunning. I can't enthuseenough about this part of the film.But the bad comes close to killing it all, and my view does not changeafter each time I see it. "Titanic" polarises me like no other filmI've ever seen. It is awful. It is tremendous. Ultimately, the mixturemakes it a middling film at best, which is a great shame. How it wonBest Picture at the Oscars remains one of the biggest jokes in cinemahistory. But maybe, if we can forget about the bad, we can revel in thegood, and appreciate some of the most stunning moments ever filmed inHollywood.