Let's get one thing straight before we embark on this perilous journeyinto Hollywood History: the only "truth" in this movie is that the RMSTitanic did sink in April 1912 and that Leonardo DiCaprio is prettierthan Kate Winslet. Everything else in James Cameron's *Titanic* ismarshmallow fancy.Movie opens in the modern Atlantic, with a Titanic salvage crew helmedby amiable Brock Lovett (sun-weathered Bill Paxton), who haulsurfaceward some intriguing artifacts. 84-year-old Rose (Gloria Stuart)claims she was a Titanic passenger, so is brought aboard Lovett'svessel to provide information.In a cheeky foreshadowing of the breath-hammering visuals to come,Lovett's crewmate outlines Titanic's death throes, aided by computergraphics (probably the selfsame graphics that the actual movie used asstoryboard for its final visuals), before Lovett asks Rose for afirsthand account of the RMS Titanic and she, in a rheumy Percodanhaze, starts relating a chick flick with Leonardo DiCaprio and KateWinslet.And under the chick flick, the film's main premise - a story of WhitePride, sautéed in eleven million gallons of seawater.Rose's narration is the anomaly that eats at this film'sverisimilitude: though we humor her spinning her tale of irrelevantromantic rhetoric, when it comes to events outside her sphere ofexperience (such as private meetings between the captain and crew), sherelates them as if omniscient (if we are to regard all the film'saction aboard Titanic as her testimony). Even the iceberg impact iscomprehensively covered from all angles (from the lookouts, to thebridge, to the engine room, captain and crowd) by Rose's "flashback."Not bad for someone who was backseat bonking her body-shaved boy-man atthe time.Rose laments that she "doesn't even have a picture of Jack," hersteerage-class lover (Leonardo DiCaprio). Maybe that's why sheremembers him as so staggeringly beautiful.It's a pity that writer-director Cameron leaned so heavily on the vapidlove story as this movie's propeller, as the rest of the film is achest-clenching stunner.The grandeur of the Royal Mail Ship Titanic is beautifully captured inits restored filmic incarnation. Costuming, characters and exteriorshots are paid the utmost detail ? although it must be said that,historically at least, DiCaprio's character (Jack) was probablytreading a time period more acquainted with the use of recreationaldrugs with his yells of "Woooo!" from the ship's prow. His friend,Fabrizio (Danny Nucci), didn't help with the authenticity; supplied bya casting agency specializing in Ethnic Stereotypes, Nucci is about asItalian as a Domino's Pizza, sporting the absolute worst "MovieItalian" accent of all time ? the exact same accent my friends and Iwould adopt in the schoolyard when we were "pretending to be Italian."Winning their tickets in a card game, Jack and Fabrizio are overjoyedeven in their steerage quarters? ?Whilst above the water line, onto thefirst class decks desultorily rambles Rose (Kate Winslet) with herdemanding mother (Frances Fisher), stormy fiancé (Billy Zane) andluggage enough to kill three pack-elephants. Elbow-gloved andtriple-corseted, she remarks via voice-over, "To me it was a slaveship, taking me back to America in chains." Try telling that to anAfrican-American, honey, in your big feathery hat and frothy bloomers.Meeting Jack during a spoiled brat suicide attempt, Rose is drawn tohis vagabond swagger and hairless torso, falling for idiot lines like,"You've got a fire inside you and I'd hate to see it go out." (GeorgeLucas wrote that one.) The film world does not communicate "smell." Thesuper-privileged have a way of "deodorizing" themselves that is whollyalien to the super-poor. Hence, no matter how much prettier Jack isthan Rose, as soon as she stood downwind of his below-decks stench, theromance would have come to an earthy halt (retching optional).Instead, Jack is invited to sup with the pinky-raisers, where heblathers about his itinerant lifestyle as if it was a blessing; livingthe devil-may-care bum's life of cobbling his sustenance from whateverrat-brained scheme comes along, and literally not knowing "where he'llbe sleeping the next night" may be a romantic notion if you are asuccessful writer or an independently wealthy traveler ? but not if youare, in fact, a REAL BUM.An ocean liner has to sink before Rose lets go of this vagrant (whilststaying in Spoiled Byoch character by selfishly hogging the onefloating plank in all of the Atlantic).A well-made, mind-numbing romance this cheesy usually scores low ? butCameron gained his points purely due to his magnificent boat-tipping.The climax of *Titanic* is a startling visualization of an historicevent which no one alive on earth today saw first hand. Drawing fromthe latest forensic knowledge, combined with the physics of theprocess, Cameron places us directly on deck during his nightmarevision. We see the situation mount, from berg impact and apathy, toincredulity and ultimately panic, capturing the violent and colossalmajesty of the ship breaking in half and pulling its aft sectiondownwards vertically.The death throes of the RMS Titanic are astounding in their realism; wecannot help but compare the final scenes of *A Night To Remember*, withits wholly inaccurate, romantic portrayal of the doomed passengersaboard that black-and-white Titanic singing nobly together as theirship slipped away under them at a 45 degree angle. Not only iscollective humanity never that level-headed, the physics of the sinkingprocess was entirely ignored.With humanity onboard Cameron's boat ignobly screaming and selfishlygrasping and punching and shooting and falling violently onto propellerblades, with smokestacks crushing passengers, decks splintering, cableswhiplashing through foaming brine, and the final cataclysmic submersionat a vertiginous ninety-degree angle, Cameron's *Titanic* is ? titanic!If even for a brief, awe-inspiring moment in time, it's good to be theKing of the World.(Movie Maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)