In his directorial debut, Sam Mendes took home five Academy Awardsincluding Best Picture and Best director for American Beauty. AmericanBeauty is a dark comedy that takes place in a perfect suburbanneighborhood with what is supposed to represent the perfect suburbanfamily, on the surface, but what lies underneath proves otherwise.Kevin Spacey brilliantly portrays Lester Burnham, an unhappy husbandwho undeniably has no control of what goes on in his personal andprofessional life. His wife drives him to and from work and views himas a colossal failure and very peculiar. His voice-over in thebeginning of the film confirms that he will be dead in less than ayear. He also feels in some ways, he is already dead. When Lesterattends his daughter Jane's (Thora Birch) cheerleading performance withhis overbearing and controlling wife Carolyn, played by Annette Bening,he develops an unlikely obsession with his daughter Jane's friendAngela Hayes (Mena Suvari) and decides to turn his life around. Hebegins to fantasize regularly about Angela, quits his job, bribes hisboss for $60,00, pursues a fast food career, works out and even smokesmarijuana he buys from the new neighbor boy Ricky Fitz, played by WesBently.As the movie progresses, the dark humor as well as a sense on sadnessfor the characters takes over the viewer. Carolyn, Lester's wife, hasan affair with her real estate competitor, The Real Estate King BuddyKane (Peter Gallagher), and continues to unknowingly push her onlydaughter further away. Carolyn always appears to be very put together,right down to her pruning shears matching her clogs, but she hasseveral breakdowns throughout the film. Jane is disturbed and disgustedby Angela's flirty behavior towards her dad, yet she continues toinvite her to sleepovers. Jane also has self-image issues because hermom accuses her of purposely looking unattractive so this rebelliousteen is saving her money for a breast augmentation. The neighbor Rickyvideotapes the Burnham family daily in an effort to escape his ownreality, focusing quite a bit on Jane who he tapes because she'sintriguing. Ricky lives with his marine father Col. Frank Fitz USMC(Chris Cooper) who runs his family like the military. Col. Fitz testsRicky for drugs and abuses him when he feels his son is disobeying theorders and morals of the family. What Ricky doesn't know is his fatherhas a dark secret he also has been covering as well.Sam Mendes created this masterpiece by minimizing the editing on theintense scenes and having the camera slowly focus in on the characteror characters at that time. Typically, the scenes allow for the mood tobe clearly represented because they focus in on the character's facesand expressions. The music in this film also plays a key role inallowing for smooth transitions from scene to scene. The music in thisfilm is soft and subtle, it's whimsical and eerie, and it is alsoexotic and sensual. The music becomes the invisible sound throughout,allowing a deeper focus on the emotions and the moods of each of thecharacters.An unfortunate turn of incidents in infidelity, sexuality confusion,complete miscommunication and assumption of circumstances cause thisfamily and their neighbors to spiral out of control, some even to thepoint of no return. This movie ranks high on the must see list but notbased solely on the script. The music, feelings, humor and drama makethis an interesting film with twists and turns you may not see coming.It is Kevin Spacey's voice-over at the beginning and the end ofAmerican Beauty though, that set clarity to the entire mood and tone ofthe film. The deep, dark secrets of suburban life that are apparent inAmerican Beauty are similar to those in Little Children (2006). LittleChildren also represents a story of infidelity, relationships,fantasies and controlling spouses. These movies send a strong messagethat everyone has a battle they are fighting and based on that, youshould not judge people because you may have know idea who they reallyare or what they may be going through.