I love True Romance, loved it the first time, and still love it! Superfun, ultra-violent twist on classic love story. Extraordinary cast!!! The last really fantastic performance byChristian Slater, incredible improvised scene between Dennis Hopper andChristopher Walken, James Gandolfini doing what he did best yearsbefore The Sopranos, and a magnificent battle sequence between him andPatricia Arquette, who stands out as the all-too-rare STRONG femalelead in a genre near entirely bereft of any, especially at the time.While Gary Oldman has a long list of outstandingperformances--particularly as villains--from Leon the Professional toThe 5th Element, I would argue that in his role in True Romance, moreso than any other, he transforms himself into a character almostunrecognizable from either the other roles he's played, or himself asan actor. Even though he's got relatively little screen-time in thisflick, he steals the show as one of the most memorable performances.Across the board this cast was, and remains, unmatched both in rawtalent/skill and chemistry. Even with their tertiary roles, actors likeTom Sizemore and Brad Pitt bring a levity and realism to theircharacters in a movie that could have easily fallen into the annals ofhyper-violent 90s pulp schlock. The few characters/performances worthcriticizing, like that of Balki from Perfect Strangers, or the bigblonde body guard at the end, are completely forgivable in the face ofthis film's casting powerhouse.Classic Story!!! Although the story is relatively simple, it carriesall of the central components to a classic archetype: redemption,sacrifice, true love, and tragedy. The simplicity of the story overallmight feel boring or unoriginal to some, but I believe it frees thecharacters to have clear drive and compelling motives. A story withgreater complexity would easily crowd a movie like this one, whichdevotes as much depth as it does to so many different characters.Nerd Cred!!! The movie opens with a loner comic book and martial artscinema fan falling in love with a beautiful, incredible woman thatloves those same things (and long before it was cool to like comicbooks). Clarence then proceeds to become a total badass, mirroring thesuper heroes from comic books in his actions and accomplishments. Thefilm does a great job of masking this in its raw and desperately racedtone, but the subtext remains as a nod to old school fanboys, if not ashout out.This film is certainly not for everyone. If you're looking for a storywith unpredictable twists, unconventional editing, top productionvalues, complex plot elements, intellectual concepts, and/or visionaryscope, this movie might not be for you. These are all fair criticismsto level against True Romance, but it's definitely not trying to be orembody these elements. This is a character, scene, and situationallydriven story, and at that, True Romance is stellar ;)