Superb adaptation of the EM Forster novel, Howards End is a feast.Story of two sisters and how they choose separate paths--one leading toradicalism and exile in Germany, the other taking a more conventionalroad.Emma Thompson won a deserved Oscar as Margaret, the sensible oldersister who finds love late in life. Helena Bonham Carter is Helen, theyounger, more passionate sister who embraces truth as radicalism.Anthony Hopkins is Wilcox the ruthless businessman who marries Margaretafter the death of his wife--a luminous Vanessa Redgrave.Two events set things in motion here: the death of Ruth (who hasbefriended Margaret); and the stolen umbrella that brings Leonard Bast(Samuel West) into the sisters' lives. The two events begin the riftbetween the sisters. As Margaret is drawn into the family life ofWilcox she distances herself from the intellectual pursuits of heryounger days; Helen on the other hand is drawn into the Basts' livesand becomes more and more radical.The period detail is flawless, as expected in a Merchant/Ivory film.The acting is terrific across the board, and the adaptation of theForster novel is perfect. The film looks at such tensions as theindustrial revolution vs agrarian England, intellectualism vs truth;academia vs business, etc. And there is always the English question ofsocial standing.Thompson is great as Margaret. She's funny, talkative, sad, and honest.Bonham Carter is also very good as the younger, more direct sister.Hopkins is solid as the callus business man of the Empire. Redgrave isa marvel as the fading Ruth. Her opening scene wandering through thedusky garden is wonderful and sets the tone for city vs. country.James Wilby (always underrated) is detestable as the older Wilcox son.Samuel West is terrific as Leonard. Prunella Scales is funny as thesisters' aunt. Jemma Redgrave is the nasty Evie. Nicola Duffett is sadas Jacky Bast. Adrian Ross Magenty is the bookish brother. Simon Callowhas a cameo as a lecturer. And Susie Lindeman is funny is the dimDolly.Just a beautiful film. It's mythic and gentle and haunting. Indeed mythis yet another topic here. The country folk embed pig's teeth in treetrunks so that the bark can be used as a cure for toothache..... Filledwith great moments and great acting from Thompson, Redgrave, West,Hopkins, and Bonham Carter.