The British school of direction. I suppose few of you out there go forDirector's Commentaries, so few of you would know about The Persuaderemployed by Tony Scott. Before I continue, the man is dead, I'mhesitant to throw stones at somebody who is no longer with us, but Ionly found that out a little while ago. But as for what Tony fondlyrefers to as the British school of direction, smacking his leading ladythrough the face to get her to sufficiently emote for two scenes inthis movie (the romantic 'billboard' scene where Clarence finds hersoftly weeping outside on the roof, and the one where she thinksClarence is dead)... Isn't it just too damn much that the movie that isnotorious for its violence against women (the James Ganfolfini Virgilbeating up Alabama scene is surely the cinematographic zenith of justexactly this, and IF THERE IS SOMETHING OUTDOING THIS, KINDLY DON'TBRING IT TO MY ATTENTION, I DON'T WANT TO SEE IT) had a director thatslapped an (in basically his own words) innocent kid with a child-likequality through the face? To get her all teary- eyed after a gruelingshooting schedule when she wasn't able to project herself as the scriptrequired... Believe me, I do understand. I just find it absolutelyappalling. Hell, is this what they did on PARTY OF FIVE? Imagine ifthat was what they did on weepy old PARTY OT FIVE!As for the movie, I find it overrated. Everybody's so damn pleased, itis such a beloved classic. To me it seems that as long as you satisfypeople's need for on-screen violence (which this one does in spades!),it is just hunky-dory, everybody is so peachy- keen on it, nobody'scomplaining, the reviews are favorable EVEN THOUGH THE EFFING THINGFAILS TO MAKE ANY EFFING SENSE! I could point out that I find obnoxiousVirgil's comment re the first time you kill, how difficult that is, tobe what-I-accept-to-be the truth. Yet killing doesn't affect Clarence,he takes to it like a duck to water, he is therefore a natural bornkiller (ha! No pun intended) yet he is supposed to be a sweet comicbook store Average Joe, Oh For Crying Out Loud I Rest My Case, I won'tgo on this any further (my tea is getting cold), the script is tornbetween a madman genius's schizophrenic bipolar conflicted mind'sdisparate working.From the start, especially there in the movie theater, Patriciareminded me of Christina Applegate (Kelly Bundy in MARRIED WITHCHILDREN) and I'm pretty sure the two are interchangeable :)