"Howard's End" was one of the strangest movie-watching experiences ofmy life. I experienced the entire film as one long introduction. "Okay,this is the scene where they show us what pretty clothes people wore inEdwardian England. This is the scene that displays the cunning antiquecars and charming trains they rode in. This scene demonstrates the archand artificial conversational norms of the period. This is the scenethat establishes the lushness and loveliness of the English countrysidein high summer." Right up until the closing credits, I was waiting forthe scene that would involve me in a plot, and make me care aboutcharacters.The acting is so unrelentingly cold, arch, and artificial I have tobelieve that director James Ivory wanted viewers to see only VanessaRedgrave, Emma Thompson, and Anthony Hopkins, never the characters theyallegedly play. These actors may as well be holding scripts in front oftheir faces. Never for one moment is political activist and AmazonRedgrave believable as a humble little wifey who does not want theright to vote. Anthony Hopkins is Anthony Hopkins, Hannibal Lector in ahigh collar. Emma Thompson pops out her eyes and strenuously squeezesout some tears, and you think, "Gosh, she's working so darn hard forthat Oscar." "Howard's End" isn't two and a half hours of nothingness,though. It is a crystalline demonstration of the contempt thatself-congratulatory privileged people feel for the working poor. Mind:I'm not saying that the film critiques snobbery. I'm saying that"Howard's End" is a perfect example of snobbery among theholier-than-thou elite, from Edwardian England's self-righteous uppercrust to Barack Obama's limousine liberal supporters.The Schlegels and Wilcoxes are two British families who have lots andlots of cash. The Basts are poor. The rich families are handsome, wellgroomed, self-disciplined, ever so compassionate and circumspect. Thepoor are beyond any standard of decency or human appeal. Leonard Bast,the poor man, played by Samuel West, is a creeping creature, halfmaggot, half weasel, and all idiot. He lives his life stupidly and endsdisastrously. His wife, Jacky Bast, is a slovenly, slatternly, obeseslut. She is shown, most frequently, in a tight, filthy corset thatthrusts her assets into the viewer's face, and dirty robe. She does notbrush her hair. She eats like an animal, gets drunk, and embarrassesnice people in public. She is never shown working; most frequently sheis lounging on a filthy bed.Leonard Bast could have been shown, as all the rich characters areshown, as having even a rudimentary brain, or dignity, orself-determination. Instead he appears to be constructed of mucus; heis merely a spineless, soulless toy in the hands of the richcharacters, whom he discomfits just by existing.The filmmakers could have shown rich and privileged people for whatthey really are. There could have been scenes of Henry Wilcox, aforty-year-old rich man, inheritor of massive wealth, taking advantageof Jacky when she was a sixteen-year-old orphan attempting to make endsmeet by selling her body to this exploiter. We never see that. What wedo see is Jacky in control, Jacky crashing Henry's daughter's wedding,Jacky embarrassing Henry, a man the film invites us to admire, feelcompassion for, respect and love. There could have been scenes of theSchlegels and Wilcoxes eating sumptuous meals while Leonard and Jackywent days without tasting food. There could have been scenes of howhumble clerks like Leonard, desperate for any employment, supplied thelabor that the Schlegels and Wilcoxes rode to their own wealth. Wedon't get those scenes. What we get are scenes of the rich beingsensitive and compassionate and beautiful and artistic and refined andadmirable, and the poor being disgusting and idiotic and repellent andunpleasant.If "Howard's End" had peddled hatred and contempt for a race of people? blacks, say ? rather than a class of people ? the working poor ? itscontempt and bigotry would be condemned and the film would be a museumpiece. Instead "Howard's End" peddles the privileged's contemptuousview of the poor, and it is embraced as a classic. Because, no lessthan in the Edwardian Era, in the "Bitter" Obama Era, hatred of theworking poor is entirely A-OK.I recently watched two Nazi propaganda films, "Jud Suss" and "LaHabanera." In both, Ferdinand Marian plays a sexy, racially inferiorcharacter who has relationships with racially superior, Aryan women.The ultimate message of these Nazi propaganda films: contact withracially inferior people carries a taint. It is dangerous. Disasterfollows. Steer clear of the racially inferior. In this, "Howard's End"is no different from "Jud Suss" and "La Habanera." In "Howard's End,"upper class women have contact with a man who is working poor. At leastFerdinand Marian got to be a sexy untermenschen. Leonard Bast is merelycreepy, with no sex appeal. Contact with the working poor man bringsdisaster to privileged people's lives. Elites can leave "Howard's End"congratulating themselves for having contempt for the working poor, andavoiding contact with them at all costs.