True Romance is one of those movies that I've heard about for so manyyears and heard so many great things about, but never actually gotaround to seeing until now. In many ways, this is a classic Tarantinofilm. Albeit, it's only written by him and directed, it still feelslike the same old obscurely charming tone that he brings to each of hisfilms. At its heart, True Romance is a romance with a little bit ofviolence, luckily the incredibly talented cast and smartly writtenscript, it's a whole lot more than that.I'd be wrong not to mention the amazing Hans Zimmer score that finallyturned me on to the film. It's so simple, yet so cheerfully poignant,if that makes sense. Coming and going when needed, and always having apresence, it's truly one of Hans Zimmer's best, which is saying a lot.I had to get that out of the way because there's plenty more to getexcited about with True Romance. Let's take the cast for example, whichdisplays some of the greatest cameos in film history. Christian Slater,Patricia Arquette, Michael Rapaport, Bronson Pinchot, and Brad Pittmake up the main cast. But the supporting cast includes Dennis Hopper,James Gandolfini, Samuel L. Jackson, Christopher Walken, Tom Sizemore,Val Kilmer, and Gary Oldman make their presence felt for sure. I don'twant to overstate it, but it may be the greatest ensemble of all time.It's not just that there's a lot of great actors though, everyone getstheir chance to shine. Brad Pitt has a glorified cameo-role, but yetit's one of his more memorable roles. Gary Oldman is unrecognizable asDrexel, and also has a small part, but his big scene is easy one of thebest in the film. Gandolfini, in a pre-Sopranos gig, proves tocharismatic yet terrifying as a henchman for a crime boss. And who canforget Walken's iconic cameo as Vincenzo Coccotti, another person afterClarence and the cocaine he stole. Scene after scene, line after line,True Romance is one of the most quotable and re-watchable films evermade.Granted, after one viewing I'm over-hyping it a bit. There are someundeniable issues with True Romance, like how everything happens soeasily for Clarence. There are some consequences for his character hereand there, but for the most part, he gets away with what he wants andit all comes very easily for a guy who was just presented to be a nerdfrom Detroit. I also don't feel like the ending completely wraps upwhat it needs to. In classic Tarantino fashion, things happen reallyfast and in a chaotic and unexpected nature, therefore leaving a fewstrings loose in the end. Seemingly leaving the door open for a sequel,which never came.In all though, True Romance is a film that is as enjoyable to watch asit probably was to film. Everything was hitting on all cylinders, andit became a classic many years later for it. 8.4/10