E. M. Forster began his novel "Howards End" with the epigram "Onlyconnect?", words which have been interpreted as a plea for a greaterdegree of imaginative sympathy between people of different socialclasses and (just as importantly) between people with differentattitudes to life. The book tells the story of three Edwardian families, the Wilcoxes, theSchlegels and the Basts. Although Leonard Bast and his wife Jacky arefrom a working-class background, there is not much difference in socio-economic terms between the other two families, both part of thewell-to- do bourgeoisie. There is, however, a big difference in theiroutlooks. The cultured, artistic and intellectual Schlegels, of Germanextraction, represent "old money". (Forster borrowed their surname fromthe Schlegel brothers, German writers and philosophers). The Wilcoxes,by contrast, represent "new money". The father of the family, Henry, isa self-made businessman, and he and his three children are far moreinterested in business and making money than they are in culture or thearts. The Howards End of the title is the Wilcoxes' family home, a largefarmhouse belonging to Henry's wife Ruth, who is more in sympathy withthe artistic outlook of the Schegels than the rest of her family. Shebecomes a close friend of Margaret, the oldest of the three Schlegelsiblings. In the meantime Margaret's younger sister, Helen, hasbefriended Leonard Bast, a clerk in an insurance company, who sharesher reverence for high culture. (They meet at a lecture on Beethoven).The story then follows the complications arising from these twofriendships. This film was the last entry in the cinema's great Forster cycle of theeighties and early nineties, a period which saw filmed versions of fiveof his six novels. It was the third adaptation of a Forster novel byMerchant Ivory Productions, following "A Room with a View" and"Maurice". In my view it is, together with "A Room with a View", thebest film of the Forster cycle, for a number of reasons. The first is that the Merchant-Ivory style of film-making, with itsmeticulous concern for period detail and its gentle, unhurried methodof story-telling, seems admirably suited to the works of Forster. DavidLean's grand epic manner was never an ideal match for "A Passage toIndia", a novel which, although it deals with political questions,concentrates on intimate personal relationships rather than the greathistorical events which formed the subject-matter of Lean's other lateworks. Charles Sturridge tried to imitate the Merchant-Ivory method in"Where Angels Fear to Tread", but could never quite bring it off. The second is the remarkable number of great performances which JamesIvory was able to elicit from his cast. The film only won one actingOscar, Emma Thompson for "Best Actress", but there were a number ofother acting contributions of equal quality. Anthony Hopkins wasperhaps not going to win a second Oscar so soon after "The Silence ofthe Lambs" the previous year, but to my mind he deserved "Best Actor"far more than Al Pacino in "Scent of a Woman". (Whether he deserved itmore than Clint Eastwood in "Unforgiven" is perhaps another matter).Hopkins succeeds well in his difficult task of bringing out the twosides of Henry's personality. On the one hand he is arrogant, snobbishand autocratic, but on the other Hopkins needs to imply a hidden, morelikable side to him if the audience is to accept him as Margaret'shusband. (The two marry after Ruth's death). Helena Bonham Carter was well-known around this period for her actingin period dramas; she had appeared in two earlier Forster adaptations,"A Room with a View", and "Where Angels Fear to Tread". There is a nicecontrast between her Helen- passionate, impetuous and rash- andThompson's calmer, more measured Margaret. Helen has a strong socialconscience which Margaret seems to lack, and at first comes across asthe more sympathetic of the two sisters, yet Helen's well-intentionedinterventions in other people's lives can have disastrous unintendedconsequences. As for Thompson, she gives an object lesson in the art ofportraying a quiet, reserved character without making her dull oruninteresting. Thompson and Hopkins were to act together in anotherMerchant-Ivory drama the following year, "The Remains of the Day". Other excellent performances come from Vanessa Redgrave as Ruth Wilcox,James Wilby as Henry and Ruth's pompous, overbearing older son Charlesand Samuel West as Leonard Bast. Bast is a tragic figure- he is clearlyhighly knowledgeable and intelligent, but because of his humble socialorigins is unable to put his intelligence to good use and is patronisedand mistreated by those who consider themselves his social betters. Heis also held back by his wife who shares neither his intelligence norhis aspirations. The third reason why the film works so well is the way in which itbrings out the themes of the excellent novel on which it is based andmakes them relevant to the 1990s (without ever labouring the point).The story might be set in the 1910s, yet its themes of the contrastingvalues of business and culture, of unemployment, of wealth and poverty,are still relevant even today. Henry Wilcox might be a figure from theEdwardian era, yet in 1992 his values would have seemed very familiarto those who had just lived through the boom years of the "greed isgood" eighties. Leonard Bast recalls those who lost their jobs whenthat boom turned to bust. Even Helen, the woolly but well-meaningmember of the liberal Guardian- reading classes, is a familiar figureto modern viewers. British heritage cinema, and the work ofMerchant-Ivory in particular, is sometimes criticised as a mereexercise in sentimental nostalgia, with no relevance to modern times."Howard's End" serves as the best possible refutation of that sort ofcriticism. 9/10