Here is another example of what the British are best at in film-making.Based on E.M. Forster's novel `Return to Howards End' this film is more orless a set piece in the strictest period-piece tradition, and thus in styleis somewhat akin to that great TV series `Return to Brideshead' and evenRobert Altman came up trumps with his splendid `Gosford Park' which mostdefinitely takes its well-earned place alongside such classical pieces ofthis genre. Likewise, `Howards End' relies heavily on British actors who have workedtheir way up through live theatre: it is here that you get the bestinterpretations, the best performances, admirably shown in so many filmsmade on both sides of the Atlantic. If Vanessa Redgrave has long since beena legend among British actresses, Emma Thompson is no lesser performer, andas to the pedigree of Helena Bonham-Carter there can be no arguing. AnthonyHopkins is at least up to the mark in his always sober readings in thesekinds of films.The Bonham-Carter family were well known in the fashionable circles of1930's London high-society life, for their extravagant soirées andphilanthropic sponsoring of young artists, especially musicians, similarlyto the Sitwell family from their Chelsea home. Thus it is hardly surprisingthat Helena Bonham-Carter finds these kinds of rôles admirably suited to her- A Room with a View, anything Shakespearean, among other select `comedies'.Prunella Scales is a grand old lady of theatre, cinema and television, and Ican remember her offerings back in the late fifties-early sixties especiallyon radio programmes. Beautifully filmed in mostly Oxfordshire and in several places in London,the film also has a few scenes on the coast, possibly Dorsetshire or moreprobably the south coast of Devon, surprisingly not included in IMDb's verydetailed listing of locations. Richard Robbins' music seemed to be heavilyinfluenced by Philip Glass at times, which seemed a misfit, though it wasnice to hear a few snatches by Percy Grainger, as well as a version for fourhands on the piano of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, possibly one of thosetremendous transcriptions which Franz Liszt carried out.The dialogues are mostly exquisitely delivered, with that peculiarly Britishpanache and timing, though slightly spoiled in this recent re-viewing asthere were some untimely cuts on the copy in question. However, the storyholds its line and is faithful to E.M. Forster's original concept. He haslong been one of the greatest of British novelists, with such works as `APassage to India', `Where Angels Fear to Tread' and `A Room with a View' tohis credit, for serious readers of real literature.This film version maintains that seriousness for people interested in realplay-acting.