It happens very rarely. You meet people in life who leave you with alingering sense of familiarity. People, who no matter what they are, leaveyou with a sense of having asked a few questions; questions you have beenwanting to ask yourself for a long time but have been putting it awaysimplybecause you don't want to face them. That's what happens when you startunderstanding the characters of `American Beauty'. It's like looking at themirror and seeing someone you don't want to see, you don't want to know.This film is an acknowledgement of our times; the pain and the curses thatit brings?and the hope that it still instills in individual inspite of it.The story begins in a slow, casual narrative with a kind of indifferencethat makes it extremely tragic. But then as you zoom in to the lives of thecharacters you sense the dormant passions, the fears, the hope. Sam Mendeshas done an excellent job in scattering a handful of characters in a plotwhere they are caught in the ebb and flow of life. Even if they run, theydon't go very far, and finally come back to where they started. Thebackground music complements the sensitive slowness of the film in a mannerthat is quite soulful. The camera acts almost like a silent observer anditsrole is, to have no role in the story. It just documents actions,reactions,emotions and feelings. In the noninterference of these other ingredients offilm making, what gains poignance is the story, the plot, the lives of thecharacters.All the character in this film, the father, the mother, the daughter, herfriend, the daughter's boyfriend, his father, his mother the neighbours ?all of them are all caught in a society which has sapped their spirits insome way making them dysfunctional pieces of life. Life, which leaves nopurpose, no meaning. It is a simple rambling on of mundane existence whichone seldom questions. Yet one cant blame the society because what makes asociety is the people. And one can't blame the people either. They arecaught in such a black hole in time, which refuses to acknowledge them, asindividuals with their individual preferences, which they can't live with,can't live without!The loveless marriage of Kevin Spacey, the stage of his life determininghisneed for a sensuous relationship if not a fruitful one, his life driftingaway in front of him like he never belonged, his wife's new lover, hisunhappy job situation, his lust for his daughter's friend are not connectedevents yet they have a bearing on each other leaving him no room forescape.Yet he tries to be an understanding father, a compromising husband, afaithful employee. He tries but fails. He is a guy I have seen next door,you have seen next door. He could be anywhere, but only in a time likethis,when individualism has brought with it the bane of isolation. You empathizewith him and wonder, `Haven't I ever felt this way?' And then when you seethis man changing?slowly but steadily transforming himself to what he wouldreally like to be, you feel happy for him. He is beginning to understandhisspace in this world and Kevin Spacey does a wonderful job of portrayingthattransformation in the character. He has got into the character like it washe.The collage of the other characters brings out the fears, the insecurities,and the confusions that we live with.Annette Bennings' portrayal of the frustrated wife is absolutely fantastic.The character lives through her emotional outbursts, her rigorous routinelife, her crippled relationship with her husband, and her unsatisfiedprofessional life with such amazing chaos and yet it is so simple actually.It is so natural! Her internal traumas are well portrayed by the actressandyou feel sorry for her even when you know she might have had a way out ofthe tragic situation she is in.Thora Birch is the absolute teenager. Caught between socially acceptedconcepts and her own self which does not fit in there, like any otherteenager anywhere in the world in times like these she wonders whether sheis a freak!Allison Janning and Chris Cooper are stunning in their short roles. Theyportray the senselessness of a system that breeds self-denial as part ofsocietal ethics, some cope with it some take shelter in letting their mindswander. They are like two sides of a coin, so different from each other indealing with truth yet so similar in what they are running away from.Wes Butler as Ricky is perhaps the only one among the characters who hasretained his sanity. His ability to see beauty in small, inane thingssurface so gently through the chaos in the film that one suddenly realizeswhat one is missing. It questions our inability to fathom darkness andtouchlight, our insufficiency to deal with our schizophrenic selves caught up inthe mess of societal paradigms. He retains his individuality by being apartof a system that is rotting. In fact by helping the system to rot. Hisdealing in drugs thus becomes symbolic of a person who is helping a dyingsystem die. He is abnormal. He does not fit in; perhaps that is his way ofnot conforming.But the most poignant part of the film is the end. When you see Lester'sentire life pass through a haze of the present, you feel so completely awedat what beauty life actually holds for every one of us. As the gloriousdaysof his childhood, the loving days of his marriage, his daughter floatacrosshis mind, and you hear him say how full of gratitude he is for all thewonder and beauty life actually has to offer, you just sit there in thatbalcony seat and shut your eyes for a second to glance into your soul. Youwonder, `Why did all that laughter have to die?'