True Romance succeeds very well at being fun, entertaining andexciting. However, it lacks depth in a noticeable way. It lacks anending, a message. It does go pretty full out but not enough to workonly on that level. I felt there was a lack of heart, of sincerity. Itis kind of romantic but not really. Not in a profound way. It's amix-match of crazy scenarios, villains, twists and accidents that don'tadd together but just distract you along the way.But at least the plot keeps moving and is full of surprises and funnysituations. It had me laughing out loud several times. Bronson Pinchotand all the scenes he was in were hilarious. Tom Sizemore and ChrisPenn were also very funny. Christian Slater is likable but a bit naivewhile Patricia Arquette is gorgeous and lovely - she is feminine andcaring but also strong.The supporting cast is full of great actors giving excellentperformances. Gary Oldman is one of my all-time favourite actors andit's incredible how he vanishes into his weird but menacing character.Christopher Walken is quite intimidating even with his cheeky smile andtwinkling eyes. Dennis Hopper is superb and his scene with Walkenappears to be one of the most popular movie moments of the 90s. JamesGandolfini has a brutal scene with Patricia Arquette that makes a bigimpact. Brad Pitt is pretty amusing in his 2 minutes or so ofscreen-time.It's not surprising at all that Tarantino wrote the script. In fact,his screenplay was apparently divided up into both this film andNatural Born Killers. The dialogue isn't on the level of his othermovies - it's not as sharp or insightful. I prefer the philosophy andbite of his directorial efforts. But the overall structure is verysimilar: there are shoot-outs, the threat of torture, drugs, unexpectedvisitors and trivial conversations. Moreover, Tarantino intended forthe scenes to be in a non-chronological order (like Pulp Fiction). It'shard to say if that might have worked better. Tony Scott seems okay asa director but I think he tends to focus on style over substance andfails to give the movie any special mark of his own.One issue I did have was the exploitation of violence and lack of asolid message. Is it really just about a true romance? Considering allthe violence and comedy, it obviously doesn't take the idea seriously.But great movies should have some kind of purpose and True Romanceclearly lacks that. Confidence is good but it can turn into cockiness.You could throw in some deleted scenes, take certain scenes out and itwouldn't make a difference. The scenes don't build on top ofeach-other. True Romance is engaging but only as an action comedythriller, not as a great story. There are no unique insights, no satireor commentary. And it basically glorifies violence. As if it's fun anddoesn't have serious consequences.