The Ultimate Hollywood FairytaleA script that was (party) written by Quentin Tarantino seems to beimpossible to get on film. Nevertheless, Tony Scott took a shot anddelivers the fairytale about "the movies". After some modifications inthe storyline (which was originally connected to Tarantino's ReservoirDogs), Scott and co. produced a true classic.Leading character Clarence Worley (Slater) guides you during a wildride, which contains literally sex, drugs and rock and roll. Basically,the story is about Clarence who meets Alabama (Arquette), a callgirl,falls in love with her and attempts to start a new life with her.However, there are some complications concerning her pimp, Drexl(Oldman). Clarence and Alabama end up stealing cocaine from Alabama'sformer pimp. The newlyweds decide to sell the drugs in Hollywood,finding themselves chased by the former owners of the "half a mill"worth of drugs. True Romance is a film that should be regarded as the guide throughHollywood. The incredible strong cast (with appearances of, amongstothers, Samuel L. Jackson, Brad Pitt, Christopher Walken, JamesGandolfini and Dennis Hopper) delivers the most comic, overexaggerated, varying and creative characters imaginable. Literallyevery part of this movie is overdone; from the Elvis impression byKilmer, to the stereotype director Donowitz (Rubinek). Why then, do Irate this movie with 8 points out of the 10 possible? Simply because inthis movie the interaction between the actors in every scene is justfantastic, which truly is the engine of the picture. Above that, thedialogues are brilliant, and you will find yourself laughing out loudon more than 1 occasion. Most of the times it is not a good sign whenyou are laughing out loud during serious dialogues in an action-filledmotion picture. This is not the case for True Romance. Scott displaysthe action fairytale in which everything is possible. The choice ofexaggerating every character and scene turns out to be the magic touchthat turns this movie in to a classic. Although the entire movie keeps you on the edge of your seat, the scenewhere Walken, playing a mobster, visits Clarence's father, Hopper, isthe very best part of this picture. During this scene, which containsof more than 10 minutes of dialogue, you are blown away by the actors'performance, their lines, character and appearance. In this scene,Gandolfini also displays his talent of playing a fearless gangster. True Romance provides an adrenaline rush, which does not stop until thevery end. Referring to Gandolfini's character, watching this movietruly feels like tasting the snow at the end of the rainbow.Hollywood's rainbow, that is.