I avoided watching this film for the longest time. Long before it waseven released I had dismissed it as an over-hyped, over-blown, overlyromanticized piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to dowith it. I never watched it in the theatre. I shook my head indisbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it.Then I was asked to be a judge at a high school public speakingcontest. One of the girls spoke about this movie. "It was so great,"she said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," Ithought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at meand said, "you might be right, but if she liked the movie that muchmaybe she'll want to learn more about the real Titanic. The movie musthave done something right to get her so interested." "Well, maybe,"thought I. Then it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'llgive it a look see." I didn't want to like it - and I didn't. I lovedit! What a great movie.Where to start? First - the directing. My high school public speakingcontestant was right. James Cameron does a superb job of creating analmost "you are there" type of atmosphere. The gaiety of life aboardthe most elegant ship in the world. The nonchalance as news of theiceberg first spreads; then the rising sense of panic. You don't justwatch it; you really do feel it. Then - the performances. The leadperformances from Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (asJack) are excellent - Winslet's being the superior, I thought, but bothwere good. They had their rich girl/poor boy characters down to aperfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, though, stealing the show wasFrances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as the snobbyaristocrat, and you could feel the fear and loathing she felt everytime she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I'm no expert on thesinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, andthis film does a super job of recreating the historical detailsaccurately and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictionalromance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch thismovie and not be taken with Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart GoesOn."Problems. Well, the romance was perhaps too contrived, in the sensethat I just don't accept that Jack could have moved so effortlesslyfrom steerage to first class. (I know he was invited the first time;but he seems to keep getting into first class without being stoppeduntil he's been there for a while.) The realities of the separation ofthe social classes were much more realistically portrayed, I thought,when the steerage passengers were going to be left locked down thereafter the ship hit the iceberg while the first class folks got to enjoyhalf empty lifeboats. A minor quibble, though. This is truly an excellent movie. My onlyregret is not seeing it in the theatre, where I think it would havebeen so much more impressive.9/10