A fresh and exciting crime thriller which mixes romance with theold-fashioned gangster antics that writer Quentin Tarantino is bestknown for. This is a hugely satisfying movie, well-directed by RidleyScott's brother Tony, and with some fine cinematography which reallycomes out in the excellent action sequences. Despite the onslaught ofscreen violence and bad language, the strong, old-fashioned story iswhat keeps this watchable and entertaining throughout and it's nice towatch a film which doesn't take its audience for granted.As well as the catchy tune that plays throughout, TRUE ROMANCE isblessed with an ensemble cast who help to bring out the variouscharacter nuances. Christian Slater is here, doing his young man JackNicholson stuff, yet he's never been more likable than he is now.Similarly Patricia Arquette's hooker-with-a-heart is an endearingly"cute" character that you can't help but warm to despite her manyfaults. Dennis Hopper is on hand as Slater's father, excelling in atorture sequence which expertly mixes comedy with graphic horror togreat effect. Endearing comic character support comes from BronsonPinchot as the dim-witted go-between to whom Slater tries to sell thedrugs and Michael Rapaport as Slater's goofy wannabe-actor brother,Dick. Unforgettably evil are Gary Oldman and Christopher Walken as thevillains of the piece, whilst minor roles are filled out by thefamiliar faces of Chris Penn, Samuel Jackson, Brad Pitt, and ValKilmer, who has a weird Elvis-inspired role as Slater's imaginary"mentor".Two superbly-crafted sequences stand out in my mind after watching thismovie - the first is an exchange in the hotel in which Arquette issystematically beaten and tortured by one of Walken's sadistichenchman, looking for his cocaine. The moment in which the worm finallyturns and Arquette fights back is more violent than in your averagegore slasher, yet the scene is just so powerfully done with so muchatmosphere that its unforgettable. Then there's the finale whichinvolves a shoot-out to end all shoot-outs, and what can I say but "eatyour heart out John Woo!". Excellent stuff. Any film fan should watchTRUE ROMANCE to find out how such a thriller should be made.