The producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed they'd bore andalienate the targeted teen and twenty-something audience to the pointof losing them if the characters had the attitudes, mannerisms andstyle of speech that was appropriate for the time, so they had Jack(Leonardo Dicaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslett) speaking contemporarydialogue in a contemporary style, or at least contemporary for '97. Ayoung man in 1912 would not say, "You seem more like an indoor girl."Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the mostoutrageous and anti-social bohemian agitator, young adults in 1912 didnot repeatedly tell their elders to shut up. The creators of the filmare counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adult'slack of knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of thevery early 20th century. Since they want the audience to get swept awayby the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to relate toeverything about them. I remember that this was billed as somewhat of aa fantasy re-imagining of a real event, but this type of historicalrevisionism, I think, in which human behavior is simply made morefamiliar, is an insult to any viewer with a 3-digit I.Q. One continuityproblem that really gets me is how, when the ship is sinking and Jackand Rose are still inside, the water level is lower and the waterbecomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation. Again,the makers of the film don't want the reality of the disaster toencroach on, or distract us from, the passionate young romance they'retrying to draw us into. Clearly the creators of the film think that theromance is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than thestory of an enormous disaster that killed over 1,500 people and I'msure they're right, but often when true and fictional stories exist inthe same movie, one weakens the impact of the other, and it's certainlytrue in this case. I haven't seen the new 3D version but I assume theonly change is the 3D effect. This is a bland, pandering,intelligence-insulting and epically overrated epic.