Well now I know it's true. And I'm sad about it. British people aren'tsmarter or funnier than Americans. Although a higher percentage of themmight be able to spell the word "p...a...n...d...e...r".But who were they trying to pander to? It really ticks me off to marketa film as a "women's movie" when every female character over 30 ends upsad, alone, or dead.Where to begin: Well, the Liam Niessen story was unseemly. An elevenyear old boy's mother has just died, and he's left alone with his stepdad, and the boy's biggest concern is "falling in love" with aclassmate? I know life goes on and all that, but honestly, life doesn'tgo on in this way, and I don't find the practice of projecting adultthoughts into eleven year old bodies humorous or poignant.And the bereaved husband, who is so torn up about losing his perfectwife that he can't complete her eulogy, ends the movie by falling inlove with Claudia Schiffer. Perhaps this is realistic, if your wifedies, you should expect to end up with a Claudia Schiffer supermodel orher look-alike. But I don't find it charming. I find it smarmy.And Colin Firth (40 something) is going to meet and fall in love with abeautiful Portugese cleaning woman (20 something) with whom he's neverhad a conversation, but first, the filmmakers have to get rid of hiswife, while turning Firth into a "sympathetic" victim. How will the filmmakers get rid of his wife so he can fall in love witha much younger woman without the audience realizing he's really just acad? They accomplish this by having Colin Firth's British wife sleeparound on him for no apparent reason in a really callous way. Then sheleaves him and he's so so depressed, for about a week. He wonders whyall the women he marries betray him. Perhaps, I thought to myself, it'sbecause he falls in love with women who don't speak English and marriesthem?I confess I found the actress who plays the cleaning woman to be themost charismatic in the movie. And if the rest of the movie wasn't sogodawful, I might have let this storyline pass, but then, thefilmmakers have to stick in cheap shots at her oh so comicallypeasant-like father and her horrible fat sister. Incredibly, the fatgirl's own father seems to hate her, and the filmmaker seems to expectthe audience to sympathize with him while he is nasty to her. Wonderfulchick flick, huh?. Clearly, Love is All Around. And Keira Knightley is so beautiful and she's all of 19 or somethingand she's going to marry a black man who is perfect and handsome andrich and completely incidental to the storyline. In fact, the perfectblack man isn't important at all, except to signify that KeiraKnightley is funky and liberal and has something to her besides herlooks. Because we neither know nor care about anything else about her.She's young, she's beautiful, she has an overbite, she's going to bemarried. She might as well be Elizabeth Taylor in Father of the Bride.Laura Linney's story is actually touching. And she acts it well. She'sgot to care for her brother, who's mentally ill. But he lives in aHOME! Why should this prevent her from having a relationship? Probably,because she's over 30. Again, if this were the only story about a 30something woman ending up alone, through her own fault, I'd buy it. Butit's the confluence of all these anti-women story lines that I justcan't take.Poor Emma Thomson and Alan Rickman work to save this movie. It's notunrealistic to think of an older bossman bonking the young female help.I don't mind this storyline, but...again...it's a little hard to seethe witty and wise Emma ending up in a compromise of a marriage, whileLiam Niesan's character ends up with Claudia Schiffer. Bill Nighy does best with his role as a star performer who puts out acheesy single, promotes it shamelessly, and has the grace to prove hisloyalty to his manager, rather than going out to a fashionable party.Good thing his manager was a fat 40 something man instead of a slim 30something female, or he'd have been left alone in the cold too.I am a fan of Four Weddings and a Funeral despite the fact that AndieMacDowell couldn't keep up with the British cast, but with this neweffort I am officially giving up on light British "romantic" comedies.I prefer the boys in the American Pie series to the cads in this movie,and the caddish screenwriters and producers who dared to market thisfilm as a feel good fantasy for women.