(This review has spoilers, although I consider it a stretch to callthem that due to the nature of this movie.) I was going to leave acomment without reading any others, because I had an idea what I wouldread, having heard lots of favorable opinions from others regardingthis movie. Then I decided I really needed to read what others wrote,and my suspicions were confirmed precisely: Several people saying howgreat or cute this movie was, and the occasional person telling itessentially how it really was. I'll add to that. Was this movie justsilly, which connotes an innocent lack of intelligent matter, or was itstupid, connoting something a bit deeper? Considering that movies (atleast, the Hollywood variety) are created to make money, I'll put mymoney on the latter. Hollywood knows there are a lot of people outthere who have nothing better to do with their money than to shell itout at the movie theater to watch something unoriginal, uncreative, andwith roles that require no particular acting talent. These people alsowon't demand that, within whatever flight of fancy a story may take,the story follow rules it sets for itself. For instance, Buddy isrequired to eat, apparently, since he consumes voluminous portions atthe meals we see, yet he travels quite some distance from the NorthPole without eating--or sleeping, which is obviously something elsehe's required to do. He also is stupid/childlike for no reason forwhich we're ever made aware. He's stupid/childlike because he's grownup as an elf? Why then are not the other elves like that? If he'sstupid because he's grown up with elves, why doesn't he start figuringthings out once he's with humans?I guess the movie had quite a few funny scenes? I'm not sure which onesthey were. The snowball fight wasn't bad. But the scene where he singsto his dad was not, the scene where his created Christmas display inthe department store got destroyed was not, his belching was not, hisanswering his dad's phone "Buddy the Elf--what's your favorite color?"was not.It takes very little acting talent to act stupid through an entiremovie, as did Will Ferrell. I think most anyone could do it. JamesCaan's role was one he's played a hundred times, and the same goes forBob Newhart. Does no one ever get tired of that? A person searching for his father and trying to get him to change, evenif the person doing the searching was raised as an elf, is not terriblyoriginal. To add further insult to our intelligence, not only was thescene where the father changes for the better highly predictable, itdidn't even have a real buildup to get him to change! It was just,"Okay Mr. Caan, your character has to have a change of heart now,please show us a change of heart", and that was it. To annoy us evenfurther, the girl of course decides she must sing out for everyone tohear. But none of this matters, because dimwits are cute and endearing, andsentimentality sells, regardless of the lack of intelligence attachedto it.Thank you all for supporting this movie--you ensure that other garbagelike this will be made many more times in the future.