I went to watch "The Notebook" because my girlfriend had read the bookand asked me to come watch it with her. Being a guy who does not enjoyromantic movies very much I was very reluctant about seeing this film.However, I can honestly say that I was blown away by this beautifullywritten, acted, and directed movie. I had only seen Ryan Gosling in oneother movie, "Murder by Numbers", and was impressed by his performancein an otherwise forgettable picture. He has a great charisma andon-stage presence that few other actors have. Similarly, Rachel McAdamstruly shines here in her breakout role as a rich southern girl whofalls in love with Gosling's character. Not to be outdone by theiryounger counter-parts, Gena Rowlands and James Garner are alsoexcellent in this film.There are many things that I truly enjoyed about "The Notebook", mostnotably the simple but poignant love story between Noah and Allie. Ithink one of the hardest things to do in a film is to show true love,which is so rare in real life, and thus extremely difficult toreplicate on screen. Nick Cassavetes does an exceptional job ofpresenting the story without any sappy or phony elements that wouldhave made the film cheap and predictable. Instead, he allows Goslingand McAdams to become the characters of Noah and Allie and they take itfrom there. Their performances are truly outstanding, I could honestlyfeel the love between them in every scene. This was a completely newexperience for me because I rarely watch romantic films, and even morerarely find them to be believable.I would recommend this film to everyone, both male and female. I knowthat most guys will be hesitant to watch this movie, but they shouldnot be. If you've ever been in love, and if you've ever felt aboutsomeone like you've never felt about anyone else, you will enjoy "TheNotebook". And even if you've never been in love I think that you willfind this movie to be an honest and sincere story about two people thatnever stopped loving each other until their very last moments together.