At first glance, it's hard to imagine a less likely candidate for anunironic Christmas film than the director/star of the snappy, sardonicSwingers (and soon-to-be director of Iron Man, of all things). Yet,curiously enough, it's this particular background that makes JonFavreau so well-suited (ha) for the job. Sharp enough not to tumbleinto the schmaltz too heavily but shrewd enough to recognize the valuein playing it straight, Favreau's Elf hits the ideal balance betweenbeing fun for kids while clever and sweet enough to remain tolerablefor adults without caving to becoming closeted-self-loathing. It's nowonder that such a comparatively recent film has already worked its wayinto vintage holiday movie canon. Favreau is evidently nostalgic for the good ol' days of Christmasflicks (check out the distinctly Rudolf-esq stop motion Arcticcreatures and Seussian snowflakes, some of the film's most delightfuladditions), but is clever enough to have a good beat on what makes themtick. Like all the best elating seasonal fare, Elf delivers a story ofa fish-out-of-water outcast struggling with abandonment and aninability to fit in, but finds inspiration in his unflinchingcheeriness in the face of his adversity, and its infectious effect onthe community. Between corporate office culture, rampant consumerismand the bedraggled staff responsible for hocking it, there's a fairshare of Scrooginess proliferating the film, but, bouncing along like apointy hat-sporting George Bailey, Buddy the Elf(/human? Elf-man?Humelf...?) remains such a radiantly positive character that it'simpossible not to be won over by him, as the film's other charactersecho.Though there are gleeful setpieces aplenty (the "you're not Santa!" toystore brawl is already iconic, but Buddy's proficiency in a snowballfight is just as wickedly fun), Elf works by never abandoning its coreemotional story, weaving in touching beats throughout, as Buddyconnects with his estranged "naughty listed" father and thug lifebrother, and clumsily wooes his jaded coworker (one of the film's fewobjectionable bits - while cute, it's a bit underdeveloped, not tomention eyebrow raise-worthy how quickly she acclimatizes to a romancewith a man who, for all intents and purposes, has the mental facilitiesof a 12-year old...). Pacing-wise, the film ticks along at asatisfyingly jaunty rate, and it only helps that Favreau commits to thetone aesthetically, with popping, vibrant candy colours and soft-focuslighting that allows the film to almost literally sparkle. The climax,finding conflict in Santa's sleigh crashing in Central Park, beset byNazgûl-like park rangers, would play as laughably shoehorned in ifFavreau didn't deliver it with such a knowing wink, and, strained as itmight feel, he pulls it off without distracting excessively. And awwshucks - who could begrudge to a finale that dives whole-hog intosentiment - a Christmas spirit-inducing sing-a-long, no less! - soconfidently and unironically, that, unlike most such euphoric 'happyendings,' it actually works really well. Hell - if James Caan's humbugcan sing along, you sure can too. It's impossible to imagine the film to work without the stupendous workof Will Ferrell powering it. Like Favreau, Ferrell has mastered adelivery that plays to multiple audiences at once, allow him to soundwholeheartedly sincere yet uproariously stupid in the same breath, yetuniquely lovable either way. In between the inevitable morekid-friendly slapstick (and thankfully only one burp joke), Ferrell isnever crass about Buddy's childlike approach to life, mining it for theutmost of wide-eyed truth, and he's all the funnier and more adorablycharming for it. The rest of the cast, thankfully, are game to echo Ferrell's spirit.James Caan is pitch-perfect as the curmudgeonly Scrooge too wrapped upin exploiting nuns and orphanages to pay attention to his giddyelf-son, while (a jarringly blonde) Zooey Deschanel showcases theluminescent, quirky charm that would shortly catapult her into stardom(she even sneaks in a couple of songs for good measure). Ed Astner'sgruff warmth makes him the most definitive Santa Claus since RichardAttenborough, and the hangdog charm of Bob Newhart lends the film'snarration a perfectly relaxed airiness. The ever-adorable MarySteenbergen helps the film's emotional heart blossom as Caan's moreamiable wife, while Daniel Tay avoids the curse of the obnoxiousChristmas child star with an edgier and more sly precociousness.Favreau even sneaks in some parentally crowdpleasing cameos - heythere, Kyle Gass from Tenacious D and Andy Richter! - while PeterDinklage just about walks off with the show with his sublimely preeningrock star children's author. Confidently festive and heartwarming with just the right underbelly ofsnarky eye-rolling, Elf is a true delight, and one of the mostworthwhile additions to the Christmas pantheon. Although it's not asambitious or infused with an emotional home run as other holidayclassics, it's inevitable that the Christmas cheer level on theClausometer will receive a hefty boost upon viewing or revisiting Elf. I'm still not eating spaghetti with maple syrup, though. That's a steptoo far. -8.5/10