Just caught this one on DVD. It's one of the most self-indulgent, overdonemovies I've ever seen. A huge, nearly formless, undisciplined mess. There are scenes in here that, if viewed as short clips, are kind of funnyand work fairly well, only to have every shred of their credibility leeched away by directorRichard Curtis with some unbelievable and patently false follow-up moment.The result is that characters move from the realm of real, identifiablepeople to soulless plot monkeys in the flicker of a few frames and a music cue. This is not thefault of the actors, who struggle valiantly to connect to their characters, but they are alleventually undone by Curtis' desperate preciousness.How can Curtis be praised for his humanistic touches when he absolutelyrefuses to allow his characters to exist as real people?Horrible plot thread example No. 1: Within a five-week period, a writer,(Colin Firth) is betrayed by his girlfriend and brother, goes to France to write a book andfalls in love with his Portuguese house keeper with whom he's had only the barest ofconversations due to a language barrier; he finishes the book, learns enough Portuguese to ask herto marry him - all while never once seeming to be in any sort of anguish or psychic paindue to the betrayal...Wrong! False! LIE! This relationship is DOOMED! It's fraught with delusionand warning signs; and yet Curtis insists that its all cute and evidence of the wondrousmystery of love.Horrible plot thread example No. 2: Within the same five-weeks, Liam Neesonburies his wife, is told to `move on' by a friend, and apparently seems to have doneexactly that in meeting a Claudia Schiffer look-alike (played by Claudia Schiffer, howprecious) at his son's Christmas pageant. So any of you out there mourning the death of a wife orhusband, the message here is that if you haven't paired up again within a few scantweeks, just get over it and move on. It's been a whole month already and you are boring us all withyour `grief,' which Curtis would seem to define here as self-indulgent blah-blah-blah. Andfor you others out there, if a friend or relative is dealing with the death of a partner,you are, by Curtis' logic, probably entitled to start mocking them within a fewweeks:`How's it going, Joe?'`Not so good. My wife died a few weeks ago. The house seems soempty.'Then you come back in that high-pitched mimic voice. `The house seems soempty. The house seems so empty! Well cry me a freakin' river!'I could outline more plot threads just as horrible, but why bother? Sufficeit to say that it is a sorry state of movies when I can recognize deeper and truer levels ofhumanity in Ron Perlman's Hellboy character than I can in any of the people here (barringthe Alan Rickman, Emma Thompson story thread; they survive relatively well).The more I think about `Love Actually,` the angrier I get. It lies and liesand lies about human nature. The fact that it is rated as high as it is on this site depresses meas deeply as the movie itself did.