Let's consider the themes:* Money ~ The movie portrays the hopelessness of both males caught upbetween a hopeless girl who couldn't hold onto her own integrity, andyet considered that she could find peace ultimately in either of herchoices. So although she may remain authentic to the poor guy, shewon't stay with him, however if she stays with the rich guy, the richguy could never receive her love.Wonder if people should rather explore the grave themes of howcapitalism has torn apart the social healthiness of our society, andthe lack of women empowerment -_- I mean shouldn't she just do her ownwork, buy her own house, develop her own ways to sustenance? That wayshe'd at least be in a better shape to make a worthy decision... Atleast she won't be implicated to make a choice she doesn't truly wantto go for.* Concept of Love So we have a whole bunch of movies based upon lovestories like these where people correlate love with a sense ofintuition, without concept, thus as we'd say 'Blind in Love'. So blind,that there is no love to be seen anywhere around. I mean the girl couldlove the guy, and fail to make a point to her parents as to why it'svaluable to her, and even though if she fails, at least she could havesome regard for the concerns her parents may have about her, they doafter all care for her, she could deal with the situation with lesserrepulsion and by being much more considerate and open to a properfruitful discussion (Although yes we have exactly the same happening inreality, where usually situations go haywire, and we could alwaysattribute that to these movies which failed to cause a change anyway.What is that love which takes all the lovely people away from one'slife?) ... I mean how come we always end up having one love destroyanother, that's not universalizable, it's principally immoral.* Dealing with Loss and Crisis The movie portrays the only way ofdealing with a crisis, due to a loss or let alone that of a loss ofexistential purpose, but that too of prioritizing one's values all uponthe end of living through a sense of bonding with another (and that toobeing a SPECIFIC person)... Guess it's time we got to face it, and findbetter ways that arouses in us a sense of fulfillment without having touse others as a means to that end. That is just IMMORAL!