(This comment has been written by a Swedish guy suffering from aserious hangover. So I hope you will excuse the poor English...)Firstly, for me as a common guy the genre "romantic comedies" doesn'trank high. Fairer to say, I try avoid them as much as is humanlypossible. However, when my girlfriend brought home Love Actually andthreatened with a sex-free relationship the coming weeks if I didn'twatch the film with her left me without much of a choice.So I sat down with her and muttered something about "patheticchick-flicks", but almost as soon as the film started I found myselfmesmerized by it. And believe me, no one was more surprised by thisthan me! It was really that kind of film you don't want to end andwhich you find yourself to think about long after you have picked outthe DVD from the DVD-player (the opposite to mindless, brandedHollywood action-movies). The film is really funny, highly romantic (inthe best sense of the world), has a great soundtrack and verywell-acted by the many famous British actors.The film portrays the many various aspects of love and how it affectpeople's life and destinies. The story follows a bunch of people livingin London the weeks before Christmas whose life's are intertwined indifferent ways, with the common nominator being love, and a Christmasplay at the end of the film...The film has many peaks but I would like to especially mention thescene where Keira Knightly's character discovers her husbands bestfriends feelings towards her. The expression on her face together withthe guys inability to stay in the same room as her as he leaves hisapartment to the tones of Dido is really heart-breaking. At this pointof the film I was having serious problems not the let my girlfriend seehow much the film was affecting me... And even though Keira Knightleyhas a face to die for (I can't imagine a guy who wouldn't describe heras extremely gorgeous in this film) the strength of this scene is thatthe feeling of unrequited love is something most people can relate to.Finally, this is a film I can highly recommend, both to guys and girls.However, if your notion of great film-making is the latest VanDiesel-movie you might get disappointed. But on the other hand, thenyou either have passed the point of no return when it comes to goodtaste in movies or you're 15 years old....