Jon Favreau's Elf is as snappy as holiday comedies come, mainly thanksto Will Ferrell's pretty damn hilarious performance as Buddy, a humanbaby stranded in the north pole and raised by pint sized elves as oneof their own. Ferrell can be overbearing at times with his often hardto swallow brand of abrasive humour, but there's always moments wherehe reigns it in, sticks to the script and gives us magic. I think thatthis being a family film dictates that he especially needs to play itclose to the chest and gives him a comedic track to run on withoutderailing into the desperate realm of cringy improv and sticking to thescreenplay's wonderful jist, and not smothering it in ego and comedicdecadence. It's a wonderfully sweet script as well, seeing Buddy travelfrom the north pole to bustling Manhatten to locate his long lost humanfamily. His cranky birth father (craggy, immortalized James Caan)wallows in lukewarm disbelief as Buddy follows him everywhere,including back home to spend time with bis wife (Mary Steenburgen) andkids. He sorta kinda finds work in a mall due to his inherent elf-nessand gets himself into all kinds of trouble, until he catches the eye ofa hired elf played by adorable Zooey Deschanel, who's got herself acase of the Christmas blues. Ferrell's upbeat, manic tone combined withZooey's dry, laconic yet amused personality makes for perfectchemistry, especially in their odd, compelling rendition of 'Baby itscold outside'. Buddy blunders his way from one austere NYC situation tothe next with shiny naivety and blind, trusting optimism to hystericalpayoff, a dynamic which sits at the core of what's made the film sosuccessful over the years. The only bad note for me is a terrifyinganimated version of the north pole that looks like Wallace and Gromitgot drunk on rum and eggnog and dreamt some creepy version of Santa'shomestead, complete with eerie talking seals. Director Favreauparticipates in a cameo as Caan's family doctor, Edward Asner shows upas a jolly enough Santa, and Bob Newhart steals many laughs as Buddy'sawkward surrogate elf father.