This is a good natured holiday comedy that definitely is in the same realmas "The Santa Clause" and (Dare I say?) "Miracle on 34th Street". Story isabout a human that has been raised by Santa's elves at the North Pole and ashe gets older he figures out that he's very different from the other elves.Years earlier Santa (Ed Asner) was delivering at an orphanage and a humanbaby accidentally crawled into his sack and was taken back to the North Polewhere he was raised by Papa Elf (Bob Newhart). He is called Buddy (WillFerrell) and he grows to six foot three and one day he is told the truthabout his situation and told by Santa who his real father is. Buddy travelsto New York City to meet his father and he heads to the Empire StateBuilding where he works. He finds his father Walter (James Caan) who runs apublishing business and works all the time much to the chagrin of hisfamily. Walter is unable to get away from Buddy and after a blood testproves he is his son he takes him home with him to stay with his family. Hemeets Walter's wife Emily (Mary Steenburgen) and their son and Walter thinksBuddy is just someone reverting to his childhood after a shock. Buddy startsto work in a department store and he meets a woman named Jovie (ZooeyDeschanel) and is smitten by her. Buddy tries to fit in with the others butfinds it difficult although he becomes friends with Walter's son and startsdating Jovie.This film is directed by Jon Favreau who has made his mark as a director oflow budget films like "Made" and also as a character actor but this is hisfirst effort at directing a mainstream Hollywood movie. He does acommendable job and as I watched this film I kept having the feeling that hepurposely made the most commercial film that he could. Favreau as an actorhas mostly appeared in small roles. As a director his small films are luckyto play at art house theaters and I seriously doubt he's getting richhosting "Dinner For 5" on the Independent Film Channel. It looks as thoughhe wanted to make a crowd pleasing film that will ultimately be playing onsome cable channel for the rest of our lives. I'm not knocking this decisionat all, it's a smart move and he's become a major Hollywood player with thesuccess of this film. Even the script was carefully written to insure thatWHEN this plays on television there will be nothing to edit out. The closestthing to a bad word is uttered by Caan when he says "Hell" once towards theend of the film. This is a fun film that does have undeniable charm and itsheart is definitely in the right place. It's sentimental and corny but thatspart of the appeal. The script doesn't try to hard and the energy and flowof the film keeps at a constant pace, it doesn't try to go over the topwhich is refreshing. Ferrell is a natural performer and his dopey wide eyedexpressions never grow old. This film must be doing something right becausetough guy James Caan is believable as a caring husband and father. Very oldfashioned story that never raises itself above lightweight status isnonetheless funny and charming. Like I said earlier, this film will beplaying on television every year for the rest of our lives!