It's one of most romantic movie ever to be seen. I cannot describe howwonderful this movie was. From the very beginning you are drawn intothe movie. At first I thought the movie a little silly, but the longerthe movie going on the more i was going to love it. Although the storyof the book is at some point very different from the actual movie. Butfor me that's no problem. I've watched quite a lot of movies withoutreading the books where they're based upon. The story as you know is about Noah and Allie. When they meet eachother, they're both around 17 years of age, it's almost love at firstsight. After a summer of romantic love they have to split, because heis poor and she is rich. So Allie's parents believe it's a love thatwill never last. But fate decides otherwise. They'll meet each otheragain.Just before Allie's wedding with another rich man. And their lovereturns and in the end they both believe this love is meant to lastforever.This story is told by the old Noah. He reads the story to a woman withAlzheimer disease. (Of course it turns out to be his wife)That part isbeautifully played by James Garner and Gena Rowlands. This is one those movies couples will not easily forget. It's aboutyour first love and never able to forget it. The performances of theleads are incredible. Especially the young pair, played by Ryan Goslingand Rachel McAdams, are absolutely stunning. I've rarely seen so muchchemistry between lead characters. The movie itself is beautifullyshot, the music is wonderful. I read that many people cried throughoutthe movie, but i didn't(I never did by the way.) Crying no, deeplytouched and tears not to far away yes. Of course the movie has some minor weaknesses.(All movies have, eventhe Lord of the Rings3,considered the best movie of all time) Forone,the end is taking too long and the best part, the young couple, ismissing in the last 15/20 minutes of the film. The other is thesometimes ridiculous lines the actors have to say. But that is hardlyavoidable. Rate:9.5/10P.S. Don't listen to what critics have to say about this movie.Theyoften do not like romantic movies. That's why I had to watch it withonly 5 persons. That's too little for this excellent movie that takesyour heart away.