Heartwarming, heart-wrenching, poignant, emotional, conniving, manipulativeand forceful romance tale based on the vastly successful best seller bynovelist Nicholas Sparks tells the story of two young lovers (Ryan Goslingand Rachel McAdams) who fall for each other in rural Seabrook, NorthCarolina over one faithful summer in 1940. Naturally there are problemsgalore though as Gosling is a commoner who works at the local lumberyard andhas no real prospects while McAdams is a socialite just visiting for thesummer. Soon it is apparent that she is going to be heading for the women'scollege Sarah Lawrence in New York City when the season is over. Her parents(caricature David Thornton and the always brilliant Joan Allen) are cold forthe most part as they know that Gosling is way beneath their socialstanding. The typical romance between the classes becomes strained and itbecomes apparent that the relationship may not work out. Gosling does notfret though as he swears to write to McAdams everyday. As time passes, theU.S. involvement in World War II forces Gosling and best friend KevinConnolly (a real scene stealer) to go to Europe to fight for Patton's AlliedForces. Meanwhile McAdams volunteers as a nurse in New York while attendingschool and instantly injured army man James Marsden falls in love with her.A short courtship, and the fact that he is from a wealthy southern familythat her parents approve of, endears him to McAdams. She also falls in lovewith him, finally putting the hurt of her time with Gosling behind her (shenever knows that Gosling's letters are intercepted by Allen). Goslingreturns from war and his loving father (a fine turn by the excellent SamShepard) has sold his home so Gosling can buy and fix up an old dilapidatedhouse from the area. Gosling's promise to McAdams to repair the old mansionduring their summer fling drives him to brilliant work, but self-destructiveemotional tendencies. He drinks uncontrollably, sheds himself from othersand has a loveless physical relationship with young war widow Jamie Brown(in a well-timed and very convincing role). A crazy twist of fate then leadsMcAdams back to North Carolina. She finally starts to rekindle the immenselove she once felt for him while his love for her continues to burn asbright as ever. We all know that there are consequences abound for McAdamsthough as she is now engaged to Marsden and still falls in line whenconfronted by her domineering mother. The whole story goes on throughflashbacks as in the present-day a kind elderly man (arguably James Garner'scrowning achievement) reads to a fellow nursing home occupant (GenaRowlands) who is suffering through Alzheimer's Disease. The titled item isread to Rowlands everyday by Garner in the hopes that she will always bereminded of the story and hopefully always moved by it. My goodness "TheNotebook" is an emotionally charged candy cane of near epic proportions thatis so sweet that you might get diabetes watching it. The film does its bestto persuade and make the audience feel the way it wants you to feel that itturns those watching into slaves to the story. So help me, I liked being aslave to this picture. It is not near as complicated and creative a story asit would make itself out to be, but it knows exactly which buttons to pushand when to push them as the old Hollywood formula (which has been aroundsince the late-1910s in the cinema) sucks its viewers in. This film is notas good as many wonderful romances of the past (everything seems mixed herefrom "Casablanca" to "It's a Wonderful Life" to "Summer of '42" to "AnnieHall" to "Cinema Paradiso" to "Titanic" to "Love Actually" and everythingelse in-between), but it will still grab and hug at you tightly. NickCassavetes (Rowlands' real-life son) is a deceptively clever director thatknows how to use tone and varying film-making principles to literally movehis audience at will just as he would move his characters to perform incertain ways. No doubt there are shortcomings and flaws here as the movieruns too long and sometimes talks down to its audience. But with thesethings said the project is a smashing success that serves its purpose.Garner and Rowlands are amazing as they have basically a table-tennis matchof roles when on screen. Gosling (best known as one of Denzel Washington'splayers in "Remember the Titans") and McAdams (who has a credit list ofho-hum films like "The Hot Chick") do definitely have a heated chemistrythat pulls you in almost immediately and never lets you go. The other actorsare all perfectly placed with Shepard and Allen providing stellarscreen-time and Brown (in admittedly a relatively small role) showing themakings of an individual who has the  potential to have an exciting filmcareer. Beautifully scripted by Jeremy Leven (maybe a bit too beautifullydone if possible), "The Notebook" will engrave itself on you. 4 stars out of5.      