Love, Christmas, London, England Richard Curtis, the talented writer of the very successful FourWeddings and Funeral, Nottting Hill, and Bridget Jones' Diary, and oneof Mr. Bean's the creators, wrote and directed Love Actually, and whata directing debut it is. The ultimate romantic dramedy, the film thatis not ashamed to be sweet, heartwarming, and outrage romantic. LoveActually talks about love, romances, break-ups, moving on, and does itadmirably. This is the film I can watch over and over - duringChristmas time or spring time, or summer, and it always brings warmth,humor, laughs, sadness, and yes, Love that is everywhere, just look alittle closer. This is the film that makes me smile and even brings thetears to my eyes - all at once. Love Actually gives romantic comedy itsgood name back. It is a very good movie - sometimes, close to perfect,gorgeous, sweet in the good sense of the word and always lovely.First, and foremost, I admire the film for outstanding (and I mean it)cast. Some of the best British and American and European actors (andthere is also simply gorgeous Rodrigo Santoro who deserves a specialmention) play twenty or even more Londoners who were hit by the Cupid'sarrow during the Christmas season of 2003 in absolutely stunninglylooking, lively and bright London. I won't be original if I say thatthe funniest character belongs to Bill Nighy as once super-famous rockstar (in Keith Richard's type) who is making his comeback with an oldlove song that he is turning in the Christmas super hit. Anotheroutstanding performance belongs to divine Emma Thompson. She bringsdepth and real emotions into her and Alan Rickman's story of themarriage in crisis. Laura Linney's story of love that was so close andpossible but not meant to be was also very well told and acted.This time, Liam Neeson's story as a newly widower with the youngstep-son who is desperately in love with the most popular girl inschool, touched me the most. After recent untimely tragic death ofNeeson's wife, the mother of his two sons, Natasha Richardson, thestory feels the most poignant and sweetest. The scene during Daniel'swife funeral, his speech celebrating Joanna's life, moved me almost totears.Yes, it is a long movie and it tells the stories of 20 people or so whoall happen to live, work, fell in love, sometimes have their heartsbroke in London that I've never seen so bright and lovely as in thispicture - perhaps, because the stories start five weeks prior toChristmas and end on Christmas night. With so many intertwiningstories, not all of them are equally good. Some could be dropped,leaving the movie shorter, leaner, and perhaps better but even the wayit is, Love Actually deserves its place on such top lists as Best of2003, Favorites, and Favorite Romance. It is beautiful and magical -just like the season during which it takes place.