I'm glad I'm not the only one who hated this one. The DVD was loaned tome by someone who watches all types of movies from the silent era topresent day and whose opinion I respect. I had heard good things aboutit from others as well? and yet I procrastinated about watching it forthree months. It was as if some little voice was saying "don't do it?don't do it?" I wish I had kept listening to that little voice. Thenight before I was to see the DVD's owner again and did not want to lieabout having watched it, I put it on. The good news is that Ithoroughly cleaned the kitchen that night? I couldn't bear to sit thereand engage with it after the first few minutes, but I did allow it torun its course while I busied myself with useful pursuits. If I hadrandomly selected this film on my own, I would not have finished it.Where do I start? Well, for one thing, it's predictable. I am one ofthose people who can NEVER see what's coming in a plot, and for me tocall this whole thing within the first 7 minutes or so is prettydamning. "Oh, lemme guess, the old couple is the young couple and she'sgot dementia and he reads her their own story". Yep. And towards theend, guess what I did? I called it again. "Oh, lemme guess, they bothdie together." Yep, right again.Maybe part of the reason I was so deeply offended is that I havemarried friends who are going through the dementia nightmare right now,and it's not like this at all. Gena Rowlands without a hair out ofplace, fully made up? C'mon. Flashing in and out of lucidity like shewas on a light switch? Bull. It ain't like that in real life, folks,and to have it portrayed so cutesie-wootsie on screen is a poke in theeye to people who are really dealing with this illness. The only 'real'thing I saw was when Rowlands' character flipped out on James Garner;his reaction was the truest, most honest thing on the screen during theentire two hours.The young actors were both terrible. I've never seen either of them inanything else and I hope I never do. The script was vapid, simplistic,and contrived. It seems hell-bent on trying to FORCE viewers to feel,rather than ALLOWING them to feel. I have a soft spot for good oldJames Garner and I consider him the one and only light in this entiremess. Oh? and I liked all the swans. One star is for Garner and theother is for the swans.