Oh dear, oh dear...I wanted to like this movie, I really did. But...I'mafraid I thought it was dire. A bad, bad movie...despite the fact thatColinFirth is in it. I should really have learned by now...don't go to see themovie just because you fancy the star!For me, this film falls into the "All dressed up, and nowhere to go"category. It's very brightly packaged, even the poster of the film had abright red bow on it. But it's all packaging, and no substance. It's lazy,manipulative film-making. The situations are, for the most part,completelyunbelievable. Prime Minister falls for tea-lady? Nope, no can do.Beautifulyoung woman fancies Alan Rickman? Please. Then you have some nerdy guy whodecides to go to Wisconsin believing that his "British accent" will makehimirresistible to women. And guess what happens? Yeah, you're right...heendsup having what looks like group sex with three (or is it four) hot babes.Sigh.There were plenty of other things that annoyed me as well. The Colin Firthstoryline was promising, but not nearly enough time was spent on it. Andthestoryline with Laura Linney and her mentally ill brother was veryinteresting but was left hanging in mid-air, with no resolution. And therewas also a precocious kid, who was "in love"(?) with another precociouskid(who must have been about 12 but was absolutely caked in make-up). LiamNeeson is a great actor but he was totally wasted in this. So much of thefilm was just incredibly cheesy.The only storyline which brought a smile to my lips was the BillNighy-Gregor Fisher one. But then again...there wasn't nearly enough ofit!Just when I was getting interested, off it would go to another daftstoryline.The trouble is, Richard Curtis & co can put out stuff like this and thepublic will eat it up with a spoon. He doesn't have to try hard atall...this is a movie for the easily satisfied. It's like junk food...putenough artificial colouring and flavouring in it to disguise the fact thatit's not really all that good.Must do better, actually.  