Elf has the premise and the look of a badly made Christmas special madesolely for network TV. Going into this with mediocre expectations, itonly took about ten minutes of seeing Will Ferrell in an elf costume toknow that my predictions were dreadfully wrong. This wasn't a case ofholiday dreck, but a case of the Christmas film that combined heart,soul, wit, and laughs into a beautiful holiday parable.The story is about Buddy the Elf (Ferrell) who accidentally crawledinto Santa's sack at the orphanage when he was an infant and gets takenback to the North Pole. Santa Claus and the elves choose to raise himand train him to become an elf. Buddy is of course a human so he growsa lot faster than the average elf. In fact, he towers over every otherelf he works with, and this leads to problems when he is older.Buddy then learns he is a human, which causes confusion and sadness. Itis told that he was placed in that orphanage as an infant because hisfather fell in love with a woman who gave birth to him then gave him upunbeknownst to him. Buddy then decides he will go to New York City totry and find his dad and reconnect with him.His goal is to also spread Christmas cheer far and wide because Santa'ssleigh is almost forced to operate with an engine. In the olden days,Santa's sleigh could fly because of mass amounts of Christmas spiritand children believing in Santa Claus. Now, he has to resort to heavymachinery to do that job.Will Ferrell hasn't sat right with me for the longest time, but as Isee more of his movies I begin to like the guy in a sense where I'dlike to see him do one of two movies; (a) heartfelt children's' filmsor (2) very serious dramas in the vein of his 2011 film Everything MustGo. He doesn't have the talents to pull off incredibly funny slapstickbecause his schtick is usually composed of running around like atowering dork or just screaming. Elf shows his ability to incorporatehis persona in a character you can't help but love.We also see Zooey Deschannel, one of my favorite females in thebusiness today, as Jovie, a woman who works at a mall as Santa's littlehelpers. Buddy falls for Jovie in a sort of non-conventional way, buthe winds up getting conventional help from his younger brother Michael(Tay).Elf is more than holiday fluff, it's a successful romp of Christmasspirit sealed inside a good family film. The cast is lively, the anticsaren't over the top, and the storyline unique and film sustainable.This also shows immensely that director Jon Favreau can be handed ascript for a thriller, a comedy, a romantic comedy, a superhero film,or a drama and still be able to create on screen magic. I'm also surethis beats a movie about elves working in a tree during the dry season.Starring: Will Ferrell, James Cann, Zooey Deschannel, and Daniel Tay.Directed by: Jon Favreau.