It's not that I dislike romance anything but this has movie tries sohard to be some sort of acronym to the word "chick flick" that it endsup shooting you to death with it's intended love arrows. Now could itbe that I can't relate the alleged lovers in this movie? I mean Iwasn't born in the 30s, I'm not a soldier so I was never in any wars(haven't we seen enough WW2 stories by the way?) and of course I don'thave any family as of yet. But surely the universal power love issomething everyone can relate to? Especially when depicted by a moviethat uses no other element to drive its plot. Think again, thedefinition of love shown in this film is so naive, sugar-coated andcompletely oblivious of anything in the real world that it makes StarWars look like something from the Discovery channel.The so called "couple" in this film are only in love because the moviesays they are, not because there's any sort of chemistry between theactors and not because the characters themselves even act like. EvenAllie's alleged interest in painting felt so tacked on shallow and fakeit made my head hurt. Speaking of Allie, it actually infuriates me tosee the character acting like she has absolutely no control over herlibido because the sex is just about the only thing the couple seems tohave in common, and the only thing, aside from arguing, that they enjoydoing together. And yet this movie is supposed to be oh so romantic.It's by some small miracle that this movie got the raving reviews itdid, luckily it seems most of those were given by teenage girls andtheir tool boyfriends (no Oscars or anything) so I don't have tocompletely give up on humanity yet. If one day your girlfriend suddenlyshows up all lyrical about this movie and wants it to "share it withyou" I'd strongly advise any guy to end that relationship pronto. Yourgirlfriend will obviously already have built up her own twisted fantasyof what a relationship should be like, a fantasy that no guy, live ordead, could possibly live up to. Stay away.