Remember what Diana Ross said: "Can't hurry love, you just have to wait? Love don't come easy, it's a game of give and take"Well, according to "Love Actually", love can come easily and quickly,count five weeks till December 25th... and you'll get it.I remember the first viewing was with my best friend precisely at theend of December 2010, we wanted to watch a gangster film but, afterfilling our stomachs with some cans of beers, we decided to loosen up abit and give a chance to the most improbably enjoyable film: a Brit RomCom ? and after more cans of beers, we were ecstatic. For me, it wasthe most feel-good and warmest romantic comedy my heart everexperienced, I almost wanted to hug my buddy and open my heart to him.The feeling lasted.I saw it again, two weeks ago. I was left perplexed. I didn't even wantto finish it. The magic disappeared. And I was almost ashamed of myinitial reaction. Guess what was the only parameter that changedbetween the two viewings (besides being sober)? This time I wasmarried. And this time I saw the film with my newlywed wife, and what my heart'experienced' the first time, was 'endured' the second. In one year, I believe I learned one thing or two about love, and morethan anything, about commitment. I know "Love Actually" is meant to bea kaleidoscope of all the love-induced situations that ever graced thesilver screen for pure dramatization's sake, but this leads tounderdeveloped stories canalized by a succession of painful clichés. "Ilove you" might be one of the simplest and most touching words eversaid in a lifetime, it's also the most intimate and I'm not sureeveryone would make a declaration of love in a crowded place.And I can go on and on with all the situations that rang false in mybook. Mourning a wife's death is a devastating experience that can't beswept off just because Junior is in love with the most popular girl inschool, no matter how creepily smart he sounds. Being betrayed by hiswife and brother is the kind of humiliations that would severely knockout any grown-up man, and I'm not sure all it took for Colin Firth'scharacter was a non-English speaking Portuguese housekeeper. I'm notsure it takes a girl taking off her clothes in slow motion to create alove at first sight, when lust would be the most appropriate reaction.Love is not just like that, and love is not "just like that" (snappingfingers). And "Love Actually" consists on a successions of wannabe witty romancesthat would have made Woody Allen roll over his grave, if he was dead. Oh yeah, and the whole thing is packaged in a dazzling celebration ofpost-9/11 post-modernistic political correctness which is a real insultto reality. A young man is in love with his best friend's wife, and weshould just "oooow" about this because Keira Knightley is just soirresistible. The betrayed friend happens to be black like many othersecondary characters that embodies the so cinematically convenient ideaof differences that 'make no difference'. I never care about racialminorities' depictions in films, but since the film was obviouslydesperate to prove its open-mindedness, then why not featuring Indians,Pakistani, Arabs or Muslim characters for that matter? Oh yes, ofcourse, they don't celebrate Christmas.The racial thing is just the tip of the iceberg, that -in fact- betraysan extreme shallowness in the script.One of the Prime Minster's assistant is black, and can easily beregarded as beautiful or ugly, following the tastes. At one point, shereferred to the PM's secretary as fat, when she was just voluptuous andquite frankly had more sex appeal than her. But we're supposed to seeNatalie as the ugly duckling while she's really attractive. Natalie isugly by cinematic standards, just like her foul-mouthed language provesthat she comes from the 'worst part of London'. Enough to make herunlikely romance with the PM (Hugh Grant, ladies) happen ? Well, thiswas one of the most blatant cases of useless manipulation since theromance between a head of state and a secretary was already goodmaterial.I can't believe I missed these details the first time. But at least, itmakes sense considering the way the stories are handled, some endhappily, some very happily, and 'foursome' lucky dorks, the Christmasmiracle happened."Love Actually" betrays more what it tries to be, than what it actuallyis. Not any movie can have the wit of "Four Weddings and a Funeral" andthe warmth of "Annie Hall" so the film can only exploit the magic ofChristmas and a penetrating music to beg us to feel good forarchetypes, you know those formulaic "You'll laugh! You'll cry!"slogans.And they're all here, the workaholic architect, the lonely writer, theoffice's slut, the wife (Emma Thomson) who endures the infidelity ofher husband (Alan Rickman) with dignity, the climactic race to theairport for a simple declaration of love, all the multiple story linestying up at the end in the most artificial ways (did the stories allneed to be connected?). The movie tries to satisfy everyone, withinterracial love, kids' crush, international love, class loves,infidelity followed by divorce, infidelity followed by reconciliation.Yet, the film is so politically correct that it didn't even have theguts to ruin the 'Family' feeling by having a gay couple in thestoryline, so we have a Rock star who prefers to spend Christmas withhis manager, two body doubles pretending to have sex is one thing, butis a gay couple for Christmas asking too much?