THE NOTEBOOK is the film version of the mega tear-jerker romance novelof the same name by the best-selling author Nicholas Sparks. NickCassevetes (son of John C.) directed his mom and a fine cast includinggood'old James Garner for this truly romantic movie shot at incrediblybeautiful locations in South Carolina.Two kids (the handsome Ryan Gosling as NOAH and the radioactivelyattractive Rachel McAdams as ALLIE) from wrong ends of the socialspectrum fall in love despite the vociferous objection of the girl'ssuper rich family.The girl leaves town for Sarah Lawrence College while the boy continuesto work at a lumberyard. Then there is WW2. The boy goes to fight inEurope. His letters (365 letters in 365 days) are conveniently hiddenfrom ALLIE by her manipulative and class-conscious mother. So ALLIE,giving up hope on NOAH, decides to marry the handsome son of the cottonking of south, a boy she meets as a wounded soldier when she volunteersas a nurse to help the ailing vets in hospital.After coming back home, NOAH refuses to quit dreaming about ALLIE andbuilds the home he promised long time ago to her as their future home.Just before the wedding, ALLIE sees the house and a bearded and olderNOAH posing in front of it in her local paper -- and she just flatpasses out in front of a dozen ooohing and aaaahing southern dameswhile trying out her spectacular wedding gown! Then she visits NOAH fora very hot encounter and after a few more twists (will she? won'tshe?), she decides to forgo the millions of the cotton king and liveher life with the working class NOAH as his wife.Now, this story is actually told by a much older NOAH in a nursing hometo his wife ALLIE, the same kids just grown very old, in an attempt tocure ALLIE's dementia by reading her the NOTEBOOK she kept for allthose years -- the very story of their love that is told in longflashbacks.At the end, despite some lapses, she manages to regain her memory andthe movie ends with a Mother of All Tear Jerkers final scene. If youdon't cry during this movie, just forget it. You never will.What a relief in this day and age of terrorism and business scandalsand hurricanes and global warming to watch a story of pure mad love,holding over decades despite all odds, sticking around for ages and fora lifetime. It would be unbearable to watch this kind of a movieeveryday. I still need my CHINATOWN, BLOOD SIMPLE by Coen Brothers, forexample, or CRASH by Paul Haggis. But I'm also very glad thatunabashedly romantic writers like Nicholas Sparks do exist. We are allfortunate that he is not selling pharmaceuticals for a living anymore.We are way richer for it.