Well this movie is actually...excellent. It includes lots of characterswho are all in love in their own special way and the whole story is setin London five weeks before Christmas. We meet Billy Mack (Bill Nighy),old singer who tries to get back on top with help of his loyal managerJoe (Gregor Fisher); David (Hugh Grant) has just become the new PrimeMinister and he instantly falls in love with his new personal assistantNatalie (Martine McCutcheon); Karen (Emma Thompson) and Harry (AlanRickman) are married couple with their own problems; Sarah (LauraLinney) is women torn between a man she loves and her sick brother;Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and Juliet (Keira Knightley) are freshmarried, but Peter's best friend Mark (Andrew Lincoln) is in love withJuliet; John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) met on shooting ofporn movie; Jamie Bennett (Colin Firth) moves to France after he foundout that his girl is cheating him with his brother and there he meetsAurelia (Lúcia Moniz), young Portuguese woman; Colin Frissell (KrisMarshall) hopes that he'll find 'normal' girl(s) in America; andfinally there is Sam (Thomas Sangster), who is young boy and also inlove, which makes a problem to his stepfather Daniel (Liam Neeson).So many characters and so many actors that are beautifully composed inthis movie. All that is achieved Richard Curtis in his directorialdebut. His story is for everyone. I think that lots of people couldfind themselves in this characters that are full of life and very real.Maybe the only characters that are little stretched are the ones ofJohn and Judy. It's hard to believe that porn actors are so shy likethey are both presented. But here Curtis makes fun with everything.That's why I love Britons so much. They smile to others equally as theysmile to themselves. "Love Actually" rises above many romantic moviesbecause it has great story, capable direction, top class actors andmagnificent soundtrack mixed with some old and some new songs. I reallycan't talk about all the actors in this movies cause it would last fordays; instead I'll mention only two: Bill Nighy and Emma Thompson.Nighy brings breath of fresh air to his character while he's making funwith his manager, his own hit song and Britney Spears. Emma Thompson,ah Emma Thompson. She makes acting so easy, makes you feel that anyonecould act. She's so natural and believable, such extraordinary actress.There is also lots of cameo roles (Billy Bob Thornton, ClaudiaSchiffer, Denise Richards, Sienna Guillory...) and one hilariousappearance of Rowan Atkinson as jewelery salesman (he's like Christmasghost, you know when he helps young Sam).Well, I almost forgot to say what is this movie about (at least how Iunderstand it). It gives us a message; that we must search and strugglefor love, we must make sacrifice, just like Jamie and Sam for exampledid, while Sarah choose the other way (her brother) and she gave up.Actually everything is said in the beginning; there is enough love onthis world (great idea with airport arrivals). Actually, I advice youto watch this movie. Actually, I gave 10 to it, cause it's so muchbetter then any other romantic movie I've ever watched. Or I could justsay, love actually.