Basically, director Jon Favreau's goofy but entertaining Christmascomedy "Elf" is a 'fish-out-of-water' saga, and David Berenbaum'sscreenplay relies heavily on incongruity. Visually, "Elf" is adelightful little movie with interesting characters. The North Pole setand the costumes that the elves wear are colorful."Elf" concerns an infant up for adoption at an orphanage who crawlsinto Santa Claus' gift bag during Christmas and winds up at the NorthPole. As it turns out, he is raised as one of the elves, specificallyPapa Elf (Bob Newhart), who serves as the narrator. At six feet, threeinches, Buddy (Will Ferrell) cannot do anything right as an elf.Ironically, Buddy has no idea that he isn't an elf. The revelation thathe is not an elf staggers him. One day he is shown a picture of hismother and father. Tragically, Buddy's mother died without informinghis father Walter Hobbs (James Caan of "The Godfather") that he hadsired him. Buddy sets out from the North Pole and walks on foot toManhattan where he finally comes face-to-face with Walter. Walter ismarried, has a teenage son, and works at a book publishing firm.Reluctantly, Walter takes Buddy into his house and disasters galoreensue. Briefly, Buddy holds a job at Gimbels' Department Store in thetoy department. When he assaults a man masquerading as Santa Claus,Buddy lands in jail and Walter bails him out. Eventually, afterexasperating Walter continually with his adolescent antics, Buddyleaves and is standing on a bridge surveying the river when Santa Claus(Ed Asner) streaks overhead in his sleight with his reindeer. Somethinggoes wrong and Santa has to crash land. Naturally, Buddy heads to hisrescue.Light, frivolous nonsense from start to finish, "Elf" qualifies asscintillating comedy with Ferrell having a field day as the tallest elfon record. This is Ferrell at his finest in an emerald jacket andgolden tights. Mind you, the former "Saturday Night Live" comedian isan acquired taste. He behaves like an imbecile and he stoops toconqueror with lowest common denominator humor. James Caan isappropriately harried as his selfish father, and Oscar winning actressMary Steenburgen plays Walter's wife Emily, while Zooey Deschanel iscast as Jovie, Buddy's love interest. "Game of Thrones" star PeterDinklage appears in an amusing small part as a children's book writer.