At first I was suckered in by this movie - cool British actors likeEmma Thompson, swank shots of London, the British love/hate attitudetowards America.But slowly, steadily, it began to dawn on me - this movie is incrediblybad and misogynistic to boot. By the end of the movie I was writhingwith disgust at the waste of good acting talent and two hours of mylife.I just saw it tonight on pay-per-view. Normally I won't pay for a movieunless I have a pretty good idea what it's about and a good sense thatI'll like it. I threw caution to the wind and rented this one withoutall that. HUGE mistake.It's the perfect movie for evolutionary psychologists. The successfulpairings are older powerful men and younger women, or a young guy and 4women, or young guy and porn star. If you're older, like Laura Linney,you get no sex with a hot hot man because your brother's a violentlooney, and your entire life is dedicated to nurturing him, or you'reolder and married with kids, like Emma Thompson and your husband isscrewing his secretary and you just suck it up. Didn't you know you'rea piece of crap older woman whose sex life is over? Now go makeyourself useful by making a costume for your kid. I mean, I knew that evolutionary psychology was big in Britian, but hadno idea things were that bad.And incredibly some people claim that this is a movie for middle-agedwomen. Maybe middle-aged women who hate themselves.And of course there's the awful awful plots. And the heaping piles ofbad music and two stupid horrible scenes one after the other - thelittle boy on the plane, and the English guy in Portugal, with thestupid "inspirational" music pounding you over the head.Yes, love is all around, unless you're the funny fat sister. Then youget nothing and everybody hates you - and the filmmakers inviteeverybody to laugh at you.That's what really makes anybody with taste or sensitivity or humanityhate this movie. Because it keeps smugly patting itself on the back forits sensitivity and LOVE when in fact it's a woman-hating,schmaltz-churning, vomit-producing travesty.I'm so glad there is a site like this where I can not only get a chanceto get some of the feelings of loathing and sickness induced by thismovie out of my system, but I can see that there are other sane,discerning people in this world who also get why this movie is sodeeply, fundamentally, soul-destroyingly wrong.And a shout-out to NYTimes critic A.O. Scott for totally nailing thismovie and its many and varied evils.