You know that movie that everyone swoons over and you're like the onlyperson who can't stand it and can't understand why so many like it?*sighs* Yeah, this is it. The Notebook?Nicholas Sparks' most notoriousstory, which reached out to many people and couples. This movie istalked about by almost every single couple I know. And honestly?I don'tget why so many people like this movie. I thought this was HORRIBLE!Alright, here's the story. In the 1940's, Noah, played by Ryan Goslingand Allie, played by Rachel McAdams fall in love over the summer, butthere's one little problem: The guy's poor and the girl is rich. Yeah,sound familiar (Titanic, Dirty Dancing)? Oh, don't worry; there'll beother clichés along the way. The girl's parents aren't okay with thisand the two are separated. World War II happens and the two eventuallyreconcile after seven years, but things have changed. Allie is nowengaged to another guy, who is actually really supportive. So now thatAllie has found Noah again, she is now torn between her old flame andher fiancé.So what's the problem? The romance is SO manipulative. For example, howdoes Noah get Allie's attention at the beginning? He hangs off a Ferriswheel and asks her to date him or he'll let go. Yeah! Suicide! That wasthe answer to everything! That's right, men! If you want to get thegirl of your dreams to go out with you, just threaten to kill yourselfin front of her! Yeah, you might die, but hey! Doesn't backfire! Andthe dialogue between them is SO damn corny and SO cheesy and SOclichéd, it makes me wonder, why should I care about these two afterseeing a setup that has been overdone countless other times? And evenafter he threatens to commit suicide in front of her, they see eachother again and they strike up a conversation. Cos that's how womenwould react, right? She's not at all freaked out by this?! And anotherthing about it is that they talk and?I'm not kidding here?They'retogether in literally the next scene as a couple. Just like that. Yeah,it's that rushed.And wouldn't you know it? The fights between these are so forced andhalf the time, they don't even make sense! After the fight from herparents, he breaks up with her and she's like "get out of here! I don'twant to see you again! I hate you!" ?no, wait come back!". What?!? Doesshe have multiple personality disorder?! And the second fight near theend is forced. It's written in just to make the movie seem more"dramatic" or a way of saying "ooh, they're so hurt". And the line "I'mnot afraid to hurt your feelings". Did a guy who says that he loves herso much really just say that? "Oh, well he's just saying that becausehe's not afraid to tell her when she's being unfair". Okay, fine. Butcan you word that a little better?! To me, it sounds like he doesn'tcare about how she feels! And keep in mind; this is when she is forcedto decide who she'll stay with. The fiancée is at least calm towardsthis and states that he'll never force her into this! The rich guy, whothe movie wants you to be against, is the more believable choice!Ugh. I'm sorry, but this movie really ticked me off to see how forcedand manipulative the romance is and yet it surprises me to see that somany people really love this movie and how emotionally invested theyare in it. Never once did this grip me. I couldn't care less aboutthese people except for the rich guy Allie's engaged to. I couldn'tcare about the couple, I couldn't care about her problems, I couldn'tcare about anything!Romance is written in a way for us to relate and hope that the maincharacters should come out okay in the end after so many hardships. Itshould be about a real couple, who go through relatable and realisticproblems, which act as obstacles. Just show a couple trying to fighttheir way through hard times and not use these clichés over and overagain. Either way, I know a lot of people like this, but as for me,this was god-awful and I will try to stay away from it as much as Allieshould have stayed away from Noah to begin with.