This movie came out when I was young, nine or so, and I remembergiggling and laughing through this film. C'mon, it was cute, I loved itand still do. But, this is just my personal opinion. I'll give anoverview of the movie.The Plot: The overall plot was...cute. Nothing amazing, just a typicalChristmas tale. It tells the story of a young man who was raised byelves, and once finding out who he 'truly is', a human, sets out on ajourney to meet his real family. And, before he sets out, Santa giveshim horrible news. His father is on the naughty list. Buddy greets thisby yelling 'NO!!!' as loudly as he can. Finally, he sets off to NewYork to find his dad, and meet his brother, a little boy played by theadorable Daniel Tay, and his father's new wife. Overall, it's a sweetplot with a sweet ending. No miracle, but it's cute.The Jokes: If you're looking for jokes that you'd find on ComedyCentral, then don't both with this movie. But if you're looking forprimarily kid-appropriate, Nickelodeon-like jokes, then look nofurther. This is the movie for you. Children from about five/sixish toeleven should enjoy this movie, along with a handful ofpreteens/teenagers (such as myself).The Acting: Okay, the acting's not great. It's adequate at the most.Will Ferrell plays his regular yell-out-lines role, though his facialfeatures and comedic timing are pretty good. Zooey Deschanel's good,not perfect, but good. She definitely evens out the movie withouttrying to overuse comedy or burst out in exaggerated lines like acertain actor in this movie who was mentioned earlier. James Caan wasprobably the best in this movie. No, his performance wasn'tOscar-worthy, but it was better than the majority of the performances.He believably plays a spiritless man who's in denial of having Buddy asa son, and never really trails out of character. Finally, Daniel Tay,who plays Buddy's brother and, as we see later in the movie, goodfriend, is absolutely adorable in his snow hat. His acting's prettygood, not perfect, it was just a regular child performance. However,his performance is pretty much brushed aside because he's overshadowedby his adult co-stars. The other cast members were good, not great, andI must add that Lydia Lawson-Baird, who only says two or three lines,will practically melt your heart with her sweet presence upon screen.Overall, it's a cute movie, good for kids. Don't watch this movieexpecting something Oscar-worthy. If you're looking for akid-appropriate movie, then this is the movie for you.