I actually was not all that remiss to seeing this, Jon Favreau is oneof my favorite filmmakers working in Hollywood today. Zathura is Wherethe Wild Things Are without the cerebralness or Karen O, I am of thecamp that considers Iron Man and its sequel to be both living up to andcounterbalancing Nolan's machismo brooding tale of The Dark Knight,Cowboys vs. Aliens promises to be geeky fanboy action in CGIawesomeness about in a blender with some actual plot and characters.I find Will Ferrell insufferable when he yells.Will Ferrell is like Jim Carrey. People like him mugging, mocking,yelling, contorting his face, and generally just being a big child,when homeboy could actually continue to keep making awesome stuff likeStranger than Fiction (or in Carrey's case, Eternal Sunshine of theSpotless Mind). For whatever reason, actually having a character isanimus to an audience that just wants a clown banging his head againsta wall. I'm sorry, Will Ferrell. You deserve better than that.So anyway, this movie is a modern classic for the Yuletide Time and forwhat it's worth, I can definitely see why. Buddy's absolute belief inChristmas cheer and his grinning dedication to spreading it isinfectious, in its own way. It helps that the cynicism of the othercharacters actually works out sensibly. The movie still has to have itsregrettable prolonged burp jokes, but it's nice to see things likerandom-taxi-hits-lead turn into actual character development as Buddyprogressively gets a handle of this strange New York reality world he'sfound himself in and starts to adapt to its landscape... but allwithout losing his spiritedness. I can get behind that.Could be better. It did feel like just a few scenes were missing in thelove subplot between Buddy and Jovie (Zooey Deschanel).What won me over in this movie was the North Pole land and the CGIreferences to old stop-motion animation Christmas movies of the past.Leon the Snowman is where it's at. Also, not only is Peter Dinklage anunderrated actor, but his work in this movie shows he could do somereally remarkable stuff if we'd all get over the "But it's funny 'causehe's a little person" aspect of it. Compare his role here (oh sowoefully, woefully short, oh so scene-stealing) to his work in TheStation Agent and then his work in Death at a Funeral (the, uh, Britishone, not the redundant and confusingly way too soon after remade one)and this man has a gift.So what the hey, seal of approval for this one. Going back to Favreau,I can't emphasize enough he knows how to keep a movie moving and neveroutstays his welcome, Elf moves at a brisk pace and is over before youknow it, whether you like it or not. Now that audiences are actuallygetting comfortable watching giant robot movies for two and a halfhours or more, the art of moving along, one of Hollywood's majorentertainment assets, sometimes feels like it's getting lost.--PolarisDiB