SPOILERSNot sure how to begin this really. I've wanted to see "Love Actually" forquite some time. I don't know why, I just know that I remember it beingreleased at the cinema and being sorry for not going then. I guess acombination of Richard Curtis, the fact it was British, an all-star lineupand the occasional funny joke in trailers convinced me. Anyway, I took mytime, but finally I got a chance to watch it. Quite liked ittoo.In "Love Actually" we're presented with what sounds like a ridiculouslycomplicated plot. It's not really though. Anyway, the basic premise is thatthere are all these different people in different situations who find love.Simple enough, until the details are filled in and then it gets confusing.I'm not going to bother going into any extreme detail though.I guess I can see why people disliked this film. Other than the fact thatLondon is not like the film portrays, and the random coincidences linkingthe main actors are coincidental, there's a distinct feeling of sickness attimes from how sweet it is. The thing is though, you can't take the filmthat seriously. I admit in the past I've done it myself. When I watched MelGibson's "The Patriot" I almost kicked the television in I was thatfrustrated by it's plot. The thing is though that "Love Actually" doesn'twant to be taken seriously (whilst at times "The Patriot" felt like it did).Richard Curtis has directed a film with an allstar cast, but you get theimpression none of them took it too seriously and ultimately just had alaugh. Emma Thompson in particular was superb as the betrayed wife, and Ican finally see why she got so much praise. Liam Neeson is also amazing asthe grieving father forced to help his son deal with first love. Ultimatelythough, it's Neeson's son Sam in the film, little Thomas Sangster, whodeserves the most praise. Sangster is excellent as the kid, putting in adecent performance. Keep an eye out, he's got a brightfuture.I suppose the film does have a few big problems with it. Kris Marshall isinfuriating in it, overplaying the goofy aspect and unlike most of his work,he bugs me in this. Billy Bob Thornton is a bit rubbish too, displaying aslimeyness which I wonder if was his character or his natural self. Otherthan those two, there were one or two moments when the film did get a bitextreme in it's cheeseyness, especially Hugh Grant's Prime Minister standingup against Thornton's President.Ultimately though, this film is just a good laugh. It's not meant to betaken seriously, and anyone who does, obviously needs to lighten up a bit.Sit down, put your feet up, grab a beer, and relax. Just for infuriatingobvious pun sake, it's quite a good film ACTUALLY.