*Spoiler Alert - Spoiler Info Contained in Review*Why did I hate this well-meaning movie so? Why? Why?It wants to convince us that love, indeed, is everywhere...but all I feltasI watched it was a growing sense of ire.I couldn't possibly go into All the elements that proved to be so triteand/or offensive to me. That would take too long. Let me just list afew:Liam Neeson's stepson springs to mind right off the bat. This kid iswaaaaybeyond precocious...and it's not funny. I felt absolutely zip empathy forthis kid as, throughout the movie, he strives to meet his ladylove...asinger-girl he has a crush on. Yawn. I guess they just Had to includethis,regrettably.The reference to Hugh Grant's crush in the film as "fat". Yes, this wasveryannoying...and stupid. She was curvaceous. That's C-U-R-V-A-C-E-O-U-S.In fact, this movie has alot of fat bias going on. There's jokes a-plentywhen Colin Firth meets his house-keeper's sister, who's large. The fatherasks Firth if he wants to marry her. No, not the fat one!!! The otherone!!!This movie can't get in enough laughs at how funny... fat people are.Yes, apparently love Is all around...except if you're big. Very upliftingmessage, that.Thanks for driving it home, for sharing in the fat-bashing that, mostcertainly, is all around us.I'm sure there's lots more that annoyed me. But even to have to recall itfor this review is an exercise in painful masochism. This review is purelypresented as an example of one of the lone voices of extreme dislike forthis "crowd-pleaser".I suppose the achingly artificial and distressingly lavish Christmaspageantat the end (where many of the characters meet up) is the true topper forthis movie...about as contrived as can be.I really detested all of the characters of this movie - and simply did notcare At All how it turned out for any of them. A bigger bunch of dimwitsinone moive I've never seen...thank goodness!!It's really a crime, how so much worthwhile British talent was drafted inthe name of this kind of schlock. I'm just grateful Sir Laurence Olivierhaspassed on...at least I didn't have to see Him running about like a giddyloon having various, nauseatingly predictable love mis-adventures that allturn out "right" in the end.