SPOILERS THROUGHOUT. 'The Notebook' is the 17,329,587th movie about awoman choosing between a reliable steady guy who sincerely loves herand a macho jerk. It's also the 17,329,587th movie in which (bigsurprise!) she chooses the macho jerk, and we're supposed to applaudthat decision. This movie's one slight twist in the moss-encrustedformula is a flashback framing device, which supposedly makes it moredifficult for us in the present to guess which choice she made in the1950s.Gena Rowlands (who pronounces it 'jenna') plays a woman withAlzheimer's Movie disease, which is different from real-lifeAlzheimer's disease because it only makes her forget things in theservice of the plot line. Real-life Alzheimer's patients, tragically,forget their toilet-training and stuff like that. Gena Rowlands is allglammed-up here, remembering everything except minor details like whichman she married. When the script calls for her to have a convenientresurgence of memory, here it comes bang on schedule. When the scriptcalls for an equally convenient loss of the same memory, there it goes.Due to the flashback structure, the major roles are split between youngactors (playing the leads in the 1940s and '50s) and senior-citizenactors as the same characters in the present. Gena Rowlands shares herrole with the much younger Rachel McAdams as Allie Hamilton.Unfortunately, Ms McAdams has two very prominent birthmarks which haveno counterparts on Ms Rowlands ... making Allie Hamilton the world'sonly woman whose body has FEWER spots as she gets older.There is anachronistic dialogue in the flashback scenes. The 1940ssequences are production-designed within an inch of their lives, butthey don't look like the actual 1940s. Everything is too bright, toocolourful, with no sense of wartime shortages or rationing. As usual inHollywood movies, we get the past as Hollywood *wants* it to be, notthe past as it actually was. I cringed during one scene in an upscalenightclub in the southern United States in the 1940s, in which anAfrican-American bandleader grins his approval while black and whitecouples share the dance floor. There may have been a few lower-classroadhouses in the Jim Crow south where the races mingled, but it did*not* happen in upper-class establishments like the one shown here!Noah Calhoun, the macho jerk, not only places himself in danger butalso endangers everybody else (first on a ferris wheel, then bygrabbing the brake of a bus while it's in motion), and we're meant toadmire this guy. Later, in the 1950s, he sports an incrediblyridiculous sensitive-guy beard that's right out of the 1980s or later.Any white man who wore a beard like this in the southern United Statesin the 1950s would have been carried out of town on a rail.Sam Shepard does his usual posturing and preening. James Garner playsthe older version of one of the two rivals for Allie's affection, andwe're not supposed to know whether she chose irresponsible jerk Noah orsteady reliable Lon. Sorry, but movie heroines always make that choicethe same way, so the suspense level is zero.I will give director Nick Cassavetes some credit: he's actuallyinterested in telling a story about human interaction, unlike hisfather John Cassavetes who specialised in pretentious acting-schoolexercises in which nothing ever happened. Unfortunately, the story in'The Notebook' is a very predictable one. This movie is soppy, sloppy,floppy and choppy. I'll rate it 3 points out of 10.