The half dozen or so love stories that comprise 'Love Actually' areneither highly dramatic nor emotionally earth-shattering in nature -and I suspect that this is exactly how writer/directer Richard Curtisintended it to be. This epic paean to the glory of romance involves,for the most part, run-of-the-mill (albeit middle or upper middleclass) Londoners just trying to find a little happiness for themselvesin the arms of that one true love.Hugh Grant, as the newly elected Prime Minister of England, unskilledin the ways of romance, leads a large and gifted cast through thisroundelay of love, actors of no less a stature than Colin Firth, LiamNeeson, Emma Thompson, Laura Linney, Alan Rickman, Billy Bob Thorntonand Rowan Atkinson, just to name a few. They all portray characters invarious states of romantic upheaval. Some are headed towards blissful,happily-ever-after endings, while others suffer the pangs of jealousy,infidelity and unrequited love. The best thing about 'Love Actually' isthat it doesn't take itself too seriously and it isn't afraid to takeits time introducing and developing its large roster of characters. Thefilm, as a whole, has the kind of unhurried, laidback charm that oneexpects from a movie with Grant in the lead. The worst thing about thefilm is its over reliance on those fairy tale 'only in the movies'moments that seem to be an integral part of virtually every romanticcomedy that comes down the pike these days (there's a scene set inWisconsin that is so lacking in basic credibility that I was absolutelypositive it would turn out to be a dream of one of the characters. Itdidn't). The film culminates in a jaw-droppingly bad scene near the endin which a young boy crashes through airport security with fullapproval of his beaming stepfather so that the tyke can tell a littleclassmate of his who is boarding a plane that he loves her. Thesequence is a bit tough to take in this post-9/11 world, especiallywhen the violins start swelling, cuing our tear ducts to well up inapproval for this horrific stunt. There's also a bit of gratuitousAmerica-bashing in Thornton's portrayal of the President of the UnitedStates, a rather mean spirited diversion in a film whose tone isotherwise all sweetness-and-light. It's perfectly fine for Americanfilms to portray the president as a venal, lecherous bully, but ittakes a certain amount of gall for a British film to do so.'Love Actually' suffers the fate of many films that attempt to writelarge on too broad a canvas; some of the characters and storiesinevitably turn out to be more involving and compelling than others.That is simply the nature of the beast. I certainly wish that thetroubled marriage of Rickman and Thompson could have been explored inmore depth, since Thompson provides the few moments of genuine feelingand heartbreak in the movie. And certainly one or two of the otherlesser stories could have been dropped from the lineup with little orno harm done to the film overall. Given that limitation, however, itmust be stated that 'Love Actually' succeeds more often than it fails.This is partly because the cast is so appealing and partly because muchof the writing is really very funny. The choice of background music isoccasionally obvious, though the songs frequently make wry and wittycommentary on the action taking place on screen. 'Love Actually' is definitely a long movie (135 minutes to be exact)and it does leave a few loose ends untied at the closing credits. Butthat, perhaps, is as it should be. Life, after all, leaves some looseends untied as well.