Please pay attention - this is not the lengthy 19th century novel bythe genius Jane Austen, it is not 6 hours of glossy, BBC drama, this is2 hours of cinematic story telling. Once you realise that you canforgive the omissions - quite a lot of the Wickham subplot, forexample. The film-makers have pitched this back a few years and muddiedit up a bit. The Bennets are well-off - they have servants and property- but it's all relative and we are encouraged to see the brink on whichthe fates of these five young daughters teeters. Only Mrs Bennet, oftendespised, but here much more than a comic caricature, realises howimportant it is for these girls to make a good marriage. Austen knewthis only too well, as she wrote her marvellous novels in the cornersof other people's houses, with never a room of her own. The look of themovie is interesting, no glamorous, bust-line enhancing empire-linedresses, no powder on the noses of the genuinely youthful cast (save MsKnightley, I suspect), and the curls, even when pinned up for partieslook a little untidy. I liked this aspect very much. DonaldSutherland's casting was a little eccentric, but he brought out a sideof Mr Bennet I had always suspected - a fond, weak man, aware of hisdaughters' vulnerability, but unable to do anything about it - knowingas he does that marriage may bring more disappointments than mere lackof money. Now to Ms Knightley, whose charms have always bemused me. Iam prepared to admit that I may have been wrong, for here she isdelightful. She delivers the difficult lines with conviction andpassion, her bright eyes watching everywhere for examples of humanfolly and frailty, her affectionate nature not able to dismiss even herirritating mother from her care and concern. And falling in love. Asshe pieces together the clues as to Darcy's nature she is beguiled,intrigued and, at last, smitten. And he gains a partner who understandshim, something that Mr Bennet knows is far more important than merephysical attraction. Matthew MacFadyen as Mr Darcy, suggests severeself-consciousness, arrogance masking his exposed and sensitive heart.Their scenes together are potent and persuasive. The minor charactersdo their part in expressing the other dimensions of the Georgian world- Lizzie's friend Charlotte making the hard-headed practical choice ofmarrying a man her inferior in everything except fortune; Wickham'sseduction of the youngest Bennet requiring substantial pay-off beforeshe is rescued (along with her family) from debilitating scandal. Ididn't think I could come across an actor to top David Bamber'sperformance in the BBC dramatisation, but Tom Hollander is marvellous,raising even a little pity in the audience. The superior budget of themovie shows in the packed ball scenes, which are carried off with muchbounce and energy, shadowed corners for Lizzie to catch her breath in,the sweep of the camera showing other intrigues and liaisons this filmcould not tell, but at least suggest are going on, in thispre-Victorian society. This film delivers a successful re-telling of anadored book. Which I now intend to re-read. Again.