First I must confess to fighting my own level of prejudice toward thissubject, the new 2005 film version of "Pride and Prejudice" based onthe Jane Austen novel. After a decade of frequently and very enjoyablywatching the inner workings, delights, silliness, sadness,disappointment and joy of the Bennet family on the 1995 BBC version ofthis story ? a 6 hour- lovingly laid out feast of character, plot,manners and love winning at last, I was unsure of what to expect ofthis film in spite of good reviews. I decided to remain "open". If youare a person with no prior context such as the BBC production you mightlike this new version as is. For those of us who have appreciated thefilms versions of Mr. Austen's books you can not help but judge thisone against the others. FALLING SHORT: The new film, two hours and ten minutes long would Isuppose be of use as an introduction to the film adaptations of Ms.Austen's particular story, but it falls very much short of quality. Inthe end it doesn't even come close to matching the 1995 film versionsof "Sense and Sensibility", "Emma" and "Persuasion". These were and arevery well charactered, well acted gems of films with pace, grace andheroines and participants you can relate to and sympathize with. Thislatest adaptation of "P and P" is a sad bumper car ride ofdisappointment. INSULTING THE CHARACTERS: I was shocked and insulted the way the screenwriter and designers depicted the Bennet family. This was not the houseof a country gentleman, with five "country-squire" daughters of varyingbeauty and intelligence or silliness, who had a loud mouth mother whowas smart enough to know how to put her girls in front of rich youngmen. It was rather a depiction of 21st century city squalor, rudenessand impoliteness dressed in country Regency garb. I knew the film wouldneed to move quickly but the plot "jerked" from scene to scene, withouta breath or reflection or adequate transition. The director erred seriously in this respect. Perhaps he was trying sohard to NOT make a film similar to the BBC version that he simply wentto far in the other direction. My goodness the house they lived in isnot shown as tidy or well-thought-of. No it is a country slum, withwash hanging everywhere; mud obviously mixed with animal leavings,stacks of everything piled everywhere, views of the full back side of amuddy, dripping, male pig walking through the house and very unkemptwomen and unshaven men. With the exception of the Nether field ball,ALL the actors looked like they had slept in their clothes, had hairthey did not care to brush and had never been taught by their mothershow to be presentable in public. The director seems to delight inmaking sure that every possible wrinkle on the more senior actors wascenter-stage. Poor Judi Dench was the main illustration of thistechnique as was Elizabeth's mother. WHERE WAS ELIZABETH?: The film was not about Elizabeth Bennet, hercharacter, her spiritual worth and development, her overcoming herprejudices and misjudgments. Nay, it was not. It was a gangly, nevercoached in "how to speak, talk and walk like an early 18th centurylady" Kiera Knightly bad mouthing others in a high-society Englishaccent. She looked like a wastrel waif wearing somebody else'shand-me-down clothes. I fully expected this Elizabeth Bennet to wip outan iPod, jam the earphones in, ignore anyone talking with her and startrapping. These people did not have manners instead they had 21stcentury voices, walks, attitudes and postures. Mr. Darcy came across asa one-dimensional uncertainty with a monotone voice. What was it aboutDarcy that we should think him attractive aside from his money?Nothing. And by the end of the film when he shows up walking across thefield to Elizabeth there was no anticipation of joy that they wouldfinally come together. Rather I felt relief that the ruddy thing wascoming to an end. Ms. Knightly although capable I think did not havethe depth needed for this character. Move on and try again. All the characters were one dimensional cut-outs with actions taken dueto unexplained reasons. The film had no context, no setting, depth orpresentation of rationale why these people do what they do. MUSIC ? FORGETFUL/ PHOTOGRAPHY-LOVELY Sadly even the music didn'tmeasure up. For the three films mentioned earlier when you left thetheater you had memories of music, themes, perhaps used to remind ofthe characters. Not so here. Although I enjoyed the use of solo pianomusic it just wasn't memorable and emotionally never carry the scene.The only good element of this film was the photography. The Englishcountryside can be breathtaking and brilliant. It would take a reallydetermined director to ruin that. This film tried hard but it didn't learn from the success of otherfilms that proceeded it. In the end let's hope Emma Thompson and Ang Lee can team once more andfix this blemish.Cheers!