Tulip Fever (2017) was adapted from a novel by Deborah Moggach,scripted by Tom Stoppard, and directed by Justin Chadwick.The film is set in Amsterdam between November 1636 and February 1637,during the Tulipmania period of Dutch history. The price of tulip bulbsskyrocketed for those few months, and then crashed precipitously.Fortunes were made by speculators. Some became rich and stayed rich, ifthey were insightful enough to quit while they were ahead. Others, whostayed in the market, were ruined.The movie shows us five people involved--directly or indirectly--in theTulipmania. Alicia Vikander portrays Sophia Sandvoort. Sophia is ayoung woman whose entire family was saved from poverty when she agreedto marry an older merchant--Cornelis Sandvoort--portrayed brilliantlyby Christoph Waltz. Cornelis is very proud of his beautiful wife, andarranges to have their portrait painted by rising young artist Jan VanLoos (Dane DeHaan). Naturally, the two young people fall in love.There's a secondary plot that is very much entwined in the primaryplot. That involves Sophia's maid, Maria (Holliday Grainger) and ayoung fishmonger, Willem Brok (Jack O'Connell). Dame Judi Dench plays the abbess of an orphanage. Sophia was taken fromthe orphanage to be married to Cornelis. The orphanage appears to be aplace where they grow tulips, and also certify that the tulip bulb youare paying for is the tulip bulb you're going to get. The acting in the film is superb. (Three of the leads--Vikander, Waltz,and Dench--are Oscar winners.) Production values are very high. I have some sense of what Amsterdamlooked like in the 17th Century, because this was the Dutch artisticGolden Age, and many wonderful paintings display what we see on thescreen. (This includes street scenes, seascapes, domestic scenes, andtavern scenes.)Tulip Fever has been scourged by the critics. The reviewer for USAToday criticized the film on many levels. For example, it was badlymarketed. That may be so, but that doesn't affect the quality of themovie.The leads had no chemistry. Wrong--I don't know what film he saw, butit couldn't have been this one.The film had too much nudity, or the trailer promised too much nudity.This is an R-rated romance. Did he expect to see the young couple justholding hands or playing Monopoly?The dialog was too plain. A lover says, "You have my heart." Hispartner answers, "And you have mine." Sounds OK to me.Finally--and apparently worst of all--is that the movie was aboutbuying and selling tulips! What did he expect from a movie entitledTulip Fever? It wasn't about selling onions. It was called Tulip Feverbecause it was about Tulipmania!Having dispensed with the USA Today review, I have to admit that thefilm has a dismal IMDb rating of 6.3. It's a much better film thanthat. I recommend it, if only to see Dench, Waltz, and Vikander act. Wesaw it on the large screen at Rochester's excellent Little Theatre. Itwon't work as well on the small screen, but it's still worth seeing. P.S. Alicia Vikander is emerging as the brightest new star on thescreen. I think she is our next Meryl Streep.