I gave it two stars; one for the beautiful scenery, the other for thescore, which was really very nice. Unfortunately, that's about all thepositive things I can say about this adaptation.Being a huge fan of the BBC A&E version with the incomparable ColinFirth and Jennifer Ehle, I admit my expectations were high. But whereasI was able to enjoy both the Gwynneth Paltrow and Kate Beckinsaleversions of Emma on their different merits, sadly, the same couldn't besaid for this poorly conceived mess.For starters, let's list a few of the many historical inaccuracies. I'mhardly an expert on regency England but even I was at first amused,then annoyed and finally downright horrified at the liberties this filmtook. Women wander round outdoors without bonnets, Elizabeth even goesto Netherfield with her hair down, and is outside in her nightdress atabout five in the morning. Caroline Bingley wears a sleeveless dress,Bingley waltzes into Jane's room and no one bats an eyelid, Lizzy andDarcy meet unchaperoned in their nightclothes...the list goes on.Wright makes his biggest cock-up in taking a novel that is primarily abook about social class and manners, and trying to portray it assomething more akin to a Bronte novel. Hence we get long distance shotsof bleak and rugged scenery, with characters staring pensively into thedistance or caught in the rain looking romantically windswept. Mostnotably, the first proposal scene which in the novel takes place in aparlour, is transferred to a wild outdoor setting (of course, in therain).Characterisation is poor: I have to enquire what Donald Sutherland wassmoking during filming, but judging by the end result, I can't say Iblame him. Due undoubtedly to time restraints (or maybe just pooracting) multi faceted characters are reduced to cardboard cutouts.Keira's performance isn't terrible, but it lacks depth. Elizabeth's wryhumour and ironic observations while all the while maintainingstrictest propriety is sacrificed to giggling or toothy grinning formuch of the film's first half. Her attempts to portray the character asfeisty and independent instead come across as aggressive and, onoccasions, petulant. Knightley evidently tries to make Elizabeth a'deep' character, but putting a book in her hand does not make herintelligent, neither does gazing pensively into the middle distancegive her depth. She clearly struggles with Austen's dialogue, on therare occasions when it's present.McFadyen's Darcy is equally uninteresting. He undergoes little or nocharacter development in the course of the film; by the end he's justas dull as he was in his first appearance. Wickham makes an appearancejust long enough for the audience to realise it actually isn't OrlandoBloom, just an uncanny look alike. Bingley, instead of being portrayedas a kind, generous man with sense, albeit overly trusting, comesacross as more than slightly retarded. Blethlyn's Mrs Bennett waspossibly the best of a bad bunch along with Judi Dench, but her MrsBennett was ultimately the only character I sympathised with, whichshows the filmmakers are doing something wrong.Much of Austen's sly humour is sacrificed for cheap laughs, andpassages of the novel's original dialogue are awkwardly insertedbetween jarringly modern phrases ('Don't you dare judge me, Lizzy!' -from Charlotte Lucas, of all people). All in all, this film is unsureof what it wants to be. Consequently, it doesn't feel like we'rewatching Austen, more a watered down Bronte meets the funny farm. Ifyou want Pride and Prejudice, watch the 1995 version instead, or readthe book.