I'm trying to think of a delicate way of saying how much I won't bebuying it when it comes out on DVD. Visually, it was stunning. Thoughone wonders why so few members of the cast seem to have been allotted ahairbrush. Perhaps they spent so much on livestock for this productionthat, in the end, they found they could only afford one. What a pity itwasn't shared.Some of the acting was superb. Judi Dench was magnificent, as always.But then, I truly believe that woman could give a compelling readingfrom the phone book. Matthew Mcfayden was a sultry, nigh-HeathcliffianDarcy. Tom Hollander made a creditable Mr. Collins with what little hewas given. Donald Sutherland had me welling up when he did. AndTallulah Riley was the most sympathetic Mary Bennet I've ever seen.But as for Keira Knightly's interpretation of Elizabeth Bennett? As Itold a good friend, I shall not soon be inviting Ms. Knightly to tea.Though, I would willingly strap her to a chair and feed her a pie. LikeGwyneth Paltrow before her, Ms. Knightly seems to have gone to extremesto make her Austen heroine look as underfed as humanly possible. Ms.Paltrow, however, at least played Emma truer to character than Ms.Knightly did Elizabeth. (I feel bad about that too, as I really didlike her in Love Actually and Pirates of the Caribbean.)She was just so unsubtle. She displayed a tongue-behind-her-teeth grin,and an irritating propensity to giggle that was far more like Lydiathan Lizzy. While she didn't come off as stupid, she did come off asfar less acerbic and discerning than the Lizzy of the book.My other issues are that (for the sake of time) certain scenes werecombined that should not have been, it changed the tone of some of thekey encounters. Charlotte's getting angry with Lizzy was unexpected andout of character. I spent much of the movie having no idea which girlwas Lydia and which one was Kitty, as little was done to distinguishone from the other until "the infamous elopement". Some of the languagewas, in my opinion, dumbed-down too much, supposedly for the sake ofmodern audiences. Certain things that Lizzy said were far too modern.(And really, who did they think would be seeing this movie anyway?)Lizzy declaring to her father that she had been completely wrong aboutDarcy was nonsense. A big part of the book was Darcy's transformation;he really was a pompous, posturing ass in the beginning.And what on Earth was that scene at the end!? I half expected to seefireworks timed to go off with the obligatory smooch. That, orTinkerbelle to fly by.Pardon me, I must now watch all five hours of the A&E version inpenance.