"Tulip Fever" is a new 2017 film, a co-production between the UK andthe US and if we take a look at the people who made this, there's someillustrious names in here. The novel this is based on is by DeborahMoggach, who is most known for adapting the Keiry Knightley movie"Pride and Prejudice". But this one here is an original work byMoggach. The writer who adapted her novel was Tom Stoppard, AcademyAward winner for his "Shakespeare in Love" screenplay. And the directoris Justin Chadwick, the youngest from the bunch, an Emmy nominee andyou will find 2-3 works in his body of work too that are pretty famous,for example "The Other Boleyn Girl", a movie I really enjoyed a lot incontrast to most other critics. But back to this one here now. It runsfor 105 minutes and features Oscar winner Christoph Waltz, AliciaVikander and Judi Dench. Dane DeHaan, Zach Galifianakis (didn't expecthim in here) and Cara Delevingne are included too. These should be themost known names.In the center of it all is Vikander's character, a young woman marriedto a considerably older man she doesn't love and things getconsiderably more complicated when she falls in love with a youngpainter. This is the core premise of the film basically, the one thatis also advertised in the trailer. There is another romance plotinvolving a second couple and their fate is closely connected to theother three central characters as we find out more and more the longerthe film goes. Initially, I did not really see the necessity of thesetwo being included, but with the way things unfold, it does make senseand with the very ending even, it was absolutely necessary to be a partof this film. Without giving any major spoilers, let me say that reallya lot happens towards the end from the giving-birth scene onward. Itmay be slightly too much at times, especially with all the decisionsthe main character has to make, but it still felt pretty realistic anddamn entertaining too I must say. This is probably where the film is atits very best even.Vikander keeps her Hollywood career nicely on course and proves she iscertainly among the finest actresses from her age group these days. Butthe by far best performance here comes from Christoph Waltz and afterrelatively forgettable antagonist performances in Bond and Tarzanfilms, I am truly glad to see him dish out such an excellent portrayalagain. Of course you can only be as good as the character is written,but the Austrian actor is hitting all the right notes in here. It'sonce again a performances that walks the fine line between lead andsupporting just like his 2 Oscar-winning turns and it would be nice tosee him get in a third time. I wouldn't even mind him winning, but atthis point I would say a nomination would be a sensation already as Idon't think this is the kind of movie that is likely to score actingnominations. Consideration for the art direction or costumes seems waymore likely. Anyway, the writers here manipulated us quickly intothinking he would be the main antagonist here, for example during onescene when Vikander's character says he would never let her go, whichis not just refuted at the very end, but I believe all in all he isperhaps even the most likable character of them all. This is a filmwhere virtually every character is likable and their actions can bejustified somehow, even if they may seem questionable. But yeah, theoccasional misogyny may be his biggest flaw, but still there is never adoubt about whether he loves Vikander's character. And with hisprevious wife and kid, he has been through a lot. Did he buy his youngnew wife like cattle? Maybe, but he gave a better life to all herrelatives this way and he is also a honorable businessman. Nocomparison to his character in the Amy Adams movie, another film wherepainting is a crucial component of the story. Oh yeah and Waltz alsobrings his usual amount of comedy that still never feels forced.Sometimes feels slightly gross though the way the character talks abouthis genital. Gross and entertaining at the same time. So yes Waltz isthe most impressive here unless we count Vikander's gorgeous body.Yummy, I'm sure his character can only second that. (no pun intended)If there is anything that did not impress me that much about the film,it may be the tulip references and as a consequence also Dench'sinclusion in here. Also the attempts to make Vikander's character themetaphoric equivalent of this flower were rather on the shoddy side.But it wasn't bad by any means either, just inferior to other sequencesthat were much more memorable. And I found DeHaan relativelyforgettable, even if you cannot blame the actor that much as it's sodifficult to shine next to Waltz and the character also wasn't reallywritten that impressively. But these are really just minor complaints.The good in here is far more frequent than the bad and I very muchrecommend the watch. A definite contender for best period piece of2017. Don't miss out.