Subprime Mortgage Crisis! Dot-Com Collapse! Stock Market Crash! TulipMania! Wait. What? What was that last one?? Yes, Tulip Mania was athing. Centuries before those 20th-21st century examples, Tulip Maniaseized the Netherlands in the first half of the 17th century, creatingwhat many economists consider to be the world's first economic bubble.Just like the more recent bubbles in real estate, tech start-ups andWall Street securities, the Dutch tulip market was seized by rampantspeculation, with the value of tulip bulbs growing exponentially andfar exceeding their actual worth. Speculators bought and sold contractsfor bulbs that didn't even exist yet ? and that they wouldn't be ableto claim for months, until the end of the tulip season ? sometimes forten times as much as most men could make in a year!Finally, investors stopped buying and the bubble burst. Fortunes hadbeen made and lost overnight and, in the end, many speculators wereleft holding their bulbs. Many men were ruined and their wives andfamilies paid the price for their greed and foolishness. Usingadmittedly incomplete historical accounts and financial records,economists and historians argue amongst themselves over to what extentTulip Mania constituted an economic bubble in the modern sense, butsome of the facts are indisputable: In 1636, during the Dutch GoldenAge, when the Netherlands was the richest country on earth and itsmilitary, trade, science, art and culture were the envy of the westernworld, the price of tulip bulbs (both present and future) rosedramatically? until February 1637, when the bottom fell out and themarket crashed. This might seem an odd backdrop for a tale of romance,but "Tulip Fever" (R, 1:47) gives such a saga. Much more than thefictionalized version of a historic financial collapse, this dramafocuses more on its love story, creating a film that's dramatic,romantic, erotic and greatly entertaining.Sophia (Oscar winner Alicia Vikander) had lost her parents to a plagueand grew up in an orphanage just outside of Amsterdam. When she comesof age, she's married off to a wealthy local businessman named CornelisSandvoort (Oscar winner Christoph Waltz). Having previously lost achild and, later, his wife and baby, during childbirth, he's anxiousfor a male heir to inherit his fortune. But, alas, as an older man, hehas trouble in bed, which causes his young wife a great deal offrustration and dismay. Otherwise, Sophia and Cornelis have arelatively happy marriage. She is a dutiful wife, thankful for beingsaved from a life of poverty, and he is a loving and respectfulhusband. If Cornelis has any faults, they would be that he can be a bitaloof and prideful. Although somewhat concerned of the vanity of suchan endeavor, he hires a young painter named Jan van Loos (Dane DeHaan)to create a portrait of the couple, in order to immortalize his wife'sbeauty and to stir admiration of his good fortune ? in business and inmarriage.As Jan works on his painting, he is drawn to the beauty of his subjectand to vitality in her eyes. After some hesitation, the two of themcome together and have a passionate affair. They make plans to run awaytogether and Jan gets involved in the blossoming tulip market as a wayto finance their future. This venture has him relying more then heshould on his alcoholic best friend (Zach Galifianakis) and also putshim in business with the Abbess (Oscar winner Dame Judy Dench) of St.Ursula, a nearby orphanage which raises children ? and tulips. ButSophia getting away from her husband is going to take more than money.It's going to take a grander plan, which ends up involving a doctornamed Sorgh (Tom Hollander) and Sophia's maid and friend, Maria(Holliday Granger), whose character narrates part of the story andwhose lover, William (Jack O'Connell), mysteriously disappears? onlyone of this film's many surprises. "Tulip Fever" is surprisingly and fully entertaining on every level. Itworks as history, drama, romance and mystery, with plenty of twists andturns (which feel mostly organic) and even some subtle but enjoyablecomic relief from a couple of minor characters. Even though this moviewas filmed back in 2014, the three Oscar winners in the cast live up totheir well-deserved reputations, in place at that time and enhancedsince, while the supporting players are all excellent. Based on the 1999 novel of the same name by English author DeborahMoggach (whose earlier novels became the movies "The Ex-Wives" and "TheBest Exotic Marigold Hotel"), screenwriter Tom Stoppard ("Brazil","Empire of the Sun", "Shakespeare in Love", "Anna Karenina"), whoco-wrote the screenplay with Moggach, gives us a multi-faceted storywhich is unusually engaging and even instructive in its lessonsregarding financial misadventures and their impact on people's lives.(Think of this film as "The Big Short" meets "Romeo and Juliet", if youcan imagine such a thing working ? which this one does!) DirectorJustin Chadwick ("The Other Boleyn Girl", "Mandela: Long Walk toFreedom") takes the script, a broadly and deeply talented cast, usessets that feel raw and real and puts it together almost perfectly.Filming was just weeks away from kicking off in 2004 (with Jude Law,Keira Knightley and Jim Broadbent starring) when producers lost theirfinancing (due to a change in the U.K.'s tax incentive laws) and then,after it was finally filmed, Movie Fans ended up having to wait threeyears to see the finished product. Some may consider this film's longroad to the big screen a bad sign, but I don't work myself into a feverover such things. I say "Tulip Fever" was well worth the wait. "A"