Probably one of the most exquisitely photographed films ever made,"Tulip Fever" could have been much better, and it is better than mostof the stuff out there. Yet, it feels like it missed something, andthat's where the mystery lies for its audience. It's an intelligentpiece, with a love triangle, fairly good characterization of the mainplayers. Vikander is lovely as the stray wife, and Waltz gives usanother rich and complex portrayal of a man who has come far but isincomplete because he feels he must have done something bad enough toanger God.It's Amsterdam, and depending on where you live, your life is wonderfulor sort of a mess. One thing the film is good at is showing the classdifferences, which interestingly enough both seem to share some type ofrestraint that many fight to preserve, and others do fairly wellignoring. At the moment most people have developed a type of fanaticismfor the supple and gorgeous tulips. Prices vary, and some specimens canbreak or make a regular man.The rich man "acquires" a wife, gives her what she needs, and all hewants is an heir. Somehow, despite their attempts, no baby comes. Tocomplicate matters, a young painter becomes the young woman'sobsession, and immediately, we feel things can just go badly. Theaffair becomes more intense, with the husband completely unaware of it.This apparently emboldens the lovers to try a very difficult enterprisein order to free themselves of the trap they have forged forthemselves.In order for this to happen, there's a parallel story, which involves,Maria, a pretty sharp maid who is not afraid to cross the lines betweenmaster and servant to express an opinion. She has earned their trust,but she has also kept her eyes and ears open. Unfortunately, her ownaffair has unexpected consequences, and something her mistress doescauses a bit of problems for all involved as her lover disappears,leaving her pregnant.One obvious matter is that the film is gorgeous to see, appreciatingthe input of those involved. However, the passion is kept to theminimum, and in the final 20 minutes, we are wondering why we are notat the edge of our seats, seeing what fate holds for the members ofthis drama. When we finally arrived at the expected conclusion, werealize there are still surprises to be had. Change occurs, resulting in many people's lives to take new turns. Thebeneficiaries of the final turn of events is a pleasant surprise. Weare not seeing a typical tragic ending, but a more realisticunderstanding of how things might work out, something closer to thetrue nature of those involved.