Well Wright may have made a gritty depiction of life around 1800 - ashe so repeatedly and anally goes on about because of when it waswritten as opposed to published - but it is HIS not Austen's andshouldn't claim to be an adaptation.Mrs Bennett looks like a rural washerwoman. This is a pampered woman -they have servants (remember the book scene with the servant dressingthe hair, etc)? But Wright portrays her with rough reddened skin alldown her chest, rough hands and working in the kitchen. And the pigswandering through! If he wants bucolic, he should try Tess.Mr Bennett - the script makes too cuddly and modern and ignored theweakness in him. The scene where he stops Mary playing is supposed tomake you cringe - not pass in seconds. If it doesn't - don't includeit.MacFadyen is very weak in the part and seems to be doing some kind ofPride by numbers acting. The first proposal he looks like a nervousschoolboy rather than a man overcoming his pride to make a proposalbeneath his station. Most of his lines, he could as well be reading ashopping list.Lydia is awful. Completely over the top with excessive shrieking andskipping. Indeed, Knightley plays Elizabeth more like the gigglinginane character Lydia actually is in the book, at times.And Elizabeth. Half the time Knightley is, clearly, mimicking Ehle'svoice and intonation - close your eyes to see what a copy it is. And inher role you see Wright's major error - there is NO PREJUDICE.From the first encounter with Darcy she clearly fancies him. When hecomments to Bingley on the attractiveness of the women in the hall sheinitially looks hurt - not shocked and affronted. The latter should setup the prejudice side of things. And when she and 'caroline' areprancing round the room she comes across like a tease, obviously allover him. And by virtually cutting out Wickham you don't get Elizabethinvested enough there to set up the prejudicial aspects falling out ofthat relationship.And apparently it is Caroline not Miss Bingley. And Mr Bingley happilywanders into Jane's bedroom. And and and - Wright can boast about howgreat he is with period all he wants. But a few panorama shots of rurallife (which show the preference for Hardy) don't excuse him the glaringblunders all over the place.The cinematographer - who clearly wants awards - should have beenreined in. He veered between Bronte and Hardy throughout the film - andwasn't the last proposal shots/lighting from Tess? The need to seeDarcy walk along through the 'scape with unkempt shirt was just dumb.But most importantly - when going between those 2 very differentlandscapes they forget the most important one - Austen. (She'd havelaughed out loud at the Elizabeth = sad, therefore = rain, runningthrough to picturesque folly, wet Darcy rubbish).I admit I found it impossible the watch the film without using the bookas context. I was prepared to give it some leeway as it had to providethe story in a short space of time. But to forget fully one half of thecore of the book in prejudice and Darcy to continually look moreconstipated than prideful, made it almost unwatchable. I could only seeit as a mess with generally poor performances (when Knightley wasn'taping Ehle she was gurning or skipping or both and only calmed down acouple of times to indicate she does have some promise - but faffingabout on swings to convey emotion isn't a substitute for a poor scriptand poor direction) - although for some it was simply a case of badscript.Tom Holland alone would escape censure. While he toned down the comicaspects of Collins, he did turn in a very interesting approach. Denchdoes superbly the schtick she can do in her sleep whether it be here orin Oscar Wilde - but this was supposed to be Lady Catherine De BourghNOT Lady Bracknell. She was just a little too sane.The shortened length could have been handled by a competentscreenwriter, surely? Not characters filling in story gaps and helpingalong the audience all over the place. Elizabeth couldn't have come upwith the £10k figure. And while they wanted to cut time with herlearning of Darcy's involvement in Wickhams marriage the lines didn'tfit with Lydia. It was the worst case of incongruous exposition in thepiece.It really is appalling stuff. Anyone who reviews it saying it workswell in the context of the book is someone I frankly don't believe hasread or understood the characterisations in the thing. Wright seems tothink his characters are in the 1990s not the 1709s from theirbehaviour. I'm not convinced he has read the book - he certainlydoesn't understand it. He doesn't understand Austen's acerbic wit orlightness of touch - he certainly made a dull plodding film out of it.What is possibly worse was the sad pathetic need of the chick litlovers to need the 'I love you, I love yous' all over the place so theycan sigh and get off on it. The fact that it has no place in a work byAusten is apparently irrelevant.Anyone who reviews it as a film alone? Well, more difficult for meexcept I would note the poor acting, the weak Darcy, and the gurningskipping inane irritation of the whole thing. If you are going to adaptyou can change a lot - but if it loses the spirit and key motivations,then don't insult the book by taking it's title.