I didn't really expect that much when I popped this into my DVD player,but I was still disappointed. There is so much wrong with this movieit's difficult to decide where to begin.Firstly, the script is abysmal. I know they had to cut stuff, but whydid they have to mutilate Austens' beautiful language and perfectstory? Here, Longbourn House is not the house of a gentleman but moreor less a barn and the pig wandering through the kitchen gonadsa-dangling is apparently the scriptwriters' idea of compensating theviewer for leaving out all of Austens' humour. Also, the characters arebutchered almost beyond recognition. Elizabeth is portrayed as rathersilly and quite aggressive at times rather than prejudiced butsensible. If you were looking forward to seeing any of the wonderfullycrafted tongue-in-cheek banter Lizzy directs at Darcy in the book, youwill look in vain. Darcy himself is portrayed as a man who conveys theimpression of arrogance for a very short while but then becomes rathersoppy. The Bennet girls are portrayed as fools who run around the housescreeching like banshees. I also cannot forgive how the scriptwriterruined the first proposal scene. For starters, Darcy and Elizabeth arestanding in the pouring rain. How very modern and unnecessary! ThenDarcy makes a surprisingly obsequious declaration (while the actorwears the facial expression of a frightened dog), Elizabeth turns himdown and ensuing quarrel almost leads to yelling which is very unlikelyfor gentlefolk of that time in general and NOT what's in the book.Then, Darcy leans towards Elizabeth as if to kiss her. And she ? whoclaimed to hate him 10 seconds earlier ? doesn't recoil from him butrather gives him a look that seems to say "are you as turned on as I amright now?". What were they thinking?!!! I didn't like theinterpretation of Bingley either, he is portrayed as completelyspineless and the actor doesn't look much older than 18. At leastBingleys' proposal scene was alright. But Darcy and Elizabeth have nosuch luck, even the second proposal was written to smithereens. Darcyand Lizzy both wander through a field in the morning because they can'tsleep. Luckily, they are both up at exactly the same hour and meet(yeah right) and are both half undressed because ? naturally - in theregency era people often went out in their pyjamas. They declare theirlove while the sun is rising and Darcys' perfectly cringeworthy "Ilove, I love, I love you"s which are set off by the tacky moodlightingare enough to make anyone puke.Also, though I'm no expert, some of the historical inaccuracies arejust too blatant to pass unnoticed. There are almost no bonnets andgloves for three quarters of the movie, then they seemed to remember"Oh hang on, I think women wore bonnets back then". So they put in acouple of scenes where nearly everyone wears a bonnet but then theyseemed to think "Oh what the hell" and the bonnets disappear again. Thedance where the Bennets and Bingleys first meet is not the classyamusement the gentility of the period would have indulged in. Insteadthey staged a sort of peasant folk-dance in another of the many barnsused in this movie. And at some point Miss Bingley wears a gown withstraps instead of sleeves. Come on! I have already mentioned how Darcyand Elizabeth wander through the fields in their pyjamas - unlikely.When Jane is sick at Netherfield, there is a scene where Bingley justwalks into her bedroom. And Darcys' letter of defence after the firstproposal is delivered by him personally in the middle of the night toLizzies' bedroom. As if! It would have been so simple to avoid thesemistakes. So why didn't they? It almost seems like they weren'tbothered.To add insult to injury, some of the casting is off. In fairness, someof the actors' abilities were probably hampered by the abominablescript, but judging by this movie alone it's quite hard to findanything to like. Matthew Mcfadyen is insipid as Darcy. Apart from thefact he isn't handsome enough and that he wears his hair mullet style,he seems to have only two expressions at his disposal. Arrogance andsoppiness. Keira Knightly does slightly better, she's got three.Boredom, anger, and a very toothy girn. Donald Sutherland, brilliantactor that he is, is simply wrong as Mr Bennet. When Lizzy tells himshe loves Darcy, he actually cries. It's so wrong it hurts. The girlwho plays Lydia needs acting school. She uses very chichi hand gesturesand her screeching gives the viewer tinnitus. I was pleased to find,however, that Caroline Bingley is portrayed as good-looking. She is soin the book and earlier film versions tended to use absolute scarecrowsto portray her. Kelly Riley does a decent job. I was also pleased withTom Hollander as Mr Collins and the formidable Judi Dench as LadyCatherine. The brief appearance of Rupert Friend as Wickham is quitefunny, but for the wrong reasons. Someone described him as looking likeLegolas and that is precisely what I thought when I saw him in this.It's the only time I laughed while watching this film.To end on a more cheerful note, the camera-work is good and the scenerygorgeous. Especially when Lizzy is on tour with the Gardiners there area couple of achingly beautiful landscape shots. But that is all thatcan be said in favour of this movie and it isn't enough.To cut a long story short, I absolutely hated it. Although I'm not anAusten purist this left me completely cold. I've seen all the filmedversions of P&P and this is the worst. By far.