I saw this film last weekend with some trepidation. As an Englishteacher and an ardent Jane Austen fan I didn't think anything wouldcome close to equaling the BBC mini-series which starred Colin Firthand Jennifer Ehle. In my opinion this film surpasses it. Like the 1940Laurence Olivier/Greer Garson adaptation this does not strictly adhereto the novel, but it captures the essence of what Austen's story is allabout. But in this film, never more clearly is the class distinctionbetween Darcy and Elizabeth shown. The Bennet's are meant to be poorbut respectable; Longbourn (their home) is after all, a farm. Previousincarnations have shown the class distinction through the size of therespected homes?The Bennet's Longbourn estate is still grand to many ofus, but indisputably small in comparison to Darcy's home of Pemberly(Lyme Park in the BBC series, Chatworth House here). In the fashions,the distinction of rank is also preserved and we feel that to 'catch'someone like Darcy or his friend Mr Bingley is a serious achievement.The acting is wonderful from Dame Judi Dench's nasty Lady Catherine toTom Hollander's comedic Mr Collins. Keira Knightley again shines butmany may be disappointed by Matthew MacFadyen's Mr Darcy simply becausehe isn't Colin Firth. I love Mr Firth coming out of the lake too?butMacFadyen's performance is sterling (all those who have seen him in theTV series Spooks will not be surprised by this); he is far moreAusten's Mr Darcy than his predecessors. Previous interpretations,though excellent in themselves, have, I believe, corrupted the Darcy'strue nature. Austen's Darcy is moody and shy, which makes him seemarrogant and rude to those who do not know him. There are someexcellent scenes (that take some liberties from the book), such as onewhere Darcy helps his friend practice an important speech; these revealthe truth of who these characters really are. While some sub plots areglossed over (such is the fate of squeezing so much into 2 hours) themain elements of the story are conveyed convincingly. To me this filmis a wonderful adaptation that encompasses the real essence of thenovel. It has made pick up Miss Austen once again (I am on page 106!!)Enjoy!