The movie is beautifully shot, the supporting cast does very well withthe limited time they are on screen, and the leads are refreshinglyyoung and passionate. Knightley is fiery and expressive; MacFadyen saysso much with just a pause or a look. For those who have yet to see it,go in with an open mind and enjoy it.I've read some of the (many) harsh comments written about this movie,and quite frankly, I don't understand the need to bash what amounts toa rather good interpretation of JA's book. The Austen purists have comeout in droves to nitpick on every aspect and to hail the 1995miniseries as the definitive P&P adaptation.I loved the miniseries, and it gathers no dust in my DVD collection,but why be close-minded on a different view of JA's beloved characters?Does the new movie take liberties? Absolutely. With only 2 hours tofill, that is not surprising. However, I found it quite refreshing tosee the characters in a new light. For example, Knightley as theyouthful, not matronly, Lizzy made her sparkle, and more likely to rushto judgment. McFadyen's Darcy, played as shy and misunderstood, made mere-think the character. I'd forgotten he was only supposed to be about28, quite young to be the lord of the manor. When I read the book, Isaw him as stuffy and old. Even Firth played him as such, although hegoes through a satisfying transformation by the mini-series' end.Let's all remember that the miniseries took it's share of liberties onthe book as well, did it not? I do not recall reading about Mr. Darcyjumping in a pond and emerging in a state of undress. And fencing?These scenes were meant to flesh out his character and add somesensuality. I believe Joe Wright is doing the same...with the Pemberleystatues (vs the paintings)...with the proposal in the rain vs. in thedrawing room... I, for one, am happy to see one of my favorite booksplayed out on-screen, with a new perspective. Who knows? It may enticea new generation of movie-goers to go to the library and check out acopy...