The many comparisons in these comments to the far superior 1995mini-series with Ehle and Firth are quite apt, but I would also addthat this adaption has little resemblance to Austen's book! What ispresent here is a lovely setting and a mushy romance, but that is notwhat Austen wrote. This version eliminates all the satire, all the wit,that are the hallmarks of Austen. Almost every character is likable inthis film! Judi Densch portrays Lady Catherine as appropriatelyimperious and snobbish, but her portrayal misses the humor: LadyCatherine is an idiot, a higher-class Mrs. Bennet, full of nonsensicalobservations and overtly stupid, though no one tells her as much. TheBennet family is erroneously portrayed as endearingly eccentric andlovable, but again, that is not consistent with Austen's novel. Mr andMrs Bennet are horrid parents: one is detached and neglectful and theother is selfish and a miserable role model for her daughters. Blethynand Sutherland's benign Bennets are far from the creations of JaneAusten. This movie portrays the Bennets as good folks, but a bit on thetrailer-trash side. Mrs Bennet was loud and vulgar but did not haveanimals running through her house nor would she have allowed herdaughters to eat like pigs at a trough, as they do in this movie: sheput on airs and lived above the family's means. You'd never get thisimpression from this adaptation.The DVD's interviews of several cast members are quite telling. Theactor playing Darcy says that Darcy isn't proud, but shy. Did anyonetell him what the name of the novel is? It wasn't "Shyness andPrejudice"! The actress playing Mary Bennet gushed about how wonderfulit would be to be a Bennet in real life, as though this were "LittleWomen." She had no sense that her character was intended to beoffensively moralistic and foolish. Similarly, Blethyn and Sutherlandwent on about what good parents the Bennets were, Blethyn remarkingthat Mrs Bennet was a good mother to have married off three daughters!Brenda dear: Elizabeth and Jane married IN SPITE of Mrs Bennet'srepulsiveness to their suitors, not BECAUSE of her, and Lydia'smarriage to Wickham, which WAS the result of Mrs Bennet's poorinfluences on her daughter, is a disastrously bad marriage! In short,this is a poor movie because it took all the wit and humor and socialcommentary of Austen and made it into a cheesy romance flick. The firstDarcy proposal was a gem: it looked more like Wuthering Heights thanPride and Prejudice, with the characters out in a storm, their emotionsbeing tossed about with the wind. Where did Austen write such a scene?Elizabeth despised Darcy at this point of the story, but in the movie,she seems ready to jump his bones. Knightley was badly miscast here ---she is a raving beauty, and her beauty seems to be what makes Darcyinterested in her. But again, that is not what Austen wrote. It issupposed to be Elizabeth's wit and character that attract Darcy, nother looks, which on first impression he has no difficulty resisting.I was prepared to dislike this movie before I saw it, but convincedmyself that it probably wasn't so bad and to give it a chance. It wasmuch worse than I imagined, however. How sad that moviegoers unfamiliarwith Austen will see this film and conclude that Jane Austen wrotesappy romances!