Whenever there is a version of a novel that has come to be accepted asthe definitive one, making a new one brings the usual baggage as to"will it live up to the expectations" or "will the lead actorssymbolize the characters in the book", among other "will there-won'tthere" questions and people will make the inevitable comparisons, if atall for the sake of the comparison itself.On having read Jane Austen's novel repeatedly since 1985 and knowing itby heart, and not having seen the miniseries starring Colin Firth andJennifer Ehle (and half of England's top actors), I was open to thisinterpretation, knowing it would be much shorter and that there wouldbe the inevitable excising of plot elements in order to maintaininterest in the principal story.The story is exactly the same. The Bennets learn that Netherfield is tobe let at last to an eligible bachelor, and all five daughters rejoiceat the thought of meeting such a single bachelor. Having no sons, Mr.and Mrs. Bennet have nothing to offer their daughters except anuncertain future, and at a time when women were not professionals andwere married off in a hurry before they were even 20, security doesbecome the principal issue not just within the Bennets but the Lucases.But this is a story of romantic suspense in the classical form. Themeeting of two people who whether they admit it or not, are verysimilar to each other, who due to circumstances look at these socialgatherings with a turned-up nose, who due to misunderstandings and notreally knowing each other come to repel each other while thinking abouteach other at every passing moment: such is the thing of romanticsuspense at its purest. Austen, whether she was aware of structure ornot (and I have reason to believe she did), knew she had to place themoment of crisis exactly in the middle of the novel, and in the film itoccurs just a little past mid-point. Joe Wright brings a more turbulentfeel to PRIDE & PREJUDICE -- many have said it's a blend betweenAusten's novel and Emily Bronte's "Wuthering Heights" but I think not.Only because Darcy and Elizabeth's scenes are taken out of their tidysettings and out into the open where mist and rain are ever present,and in one scene Darcy is seen riding a horse at full speed ahead, doesnot constitute an imitation of Bronte's novel. It would have, however,made for a very boring film to set it perpetually indoors; indeed,Austen has quite a number of external scenes, and even when she rarelymentions the weather (except when Jane Bennet makes her trek toNetherfield and falls ill there) it doesn't mean it doesn't occur.It's also why the moment of release, when Elizabeth has undergone sodramatic a change, looks best at dawn, with Darcy walking in hisnightclothes, all masculine longing, coming for one last time to talkto her even though he knows her answer will be yes. This specific scenewould have been awful indoors, and notice Matthew MacFadyen's piercingblue eyes telling -- pouring -- emotions about to be released onceKeira Knightley's luminous face faces his, and wordlessly accepts him.Just like in the novel, their declaration of love is one paragraph andas emotional as "Wuthering Heights". When Jane Austen writes, "Theywalked on without knowing in what direction. There was too much to bethought, and felt, and said, to pay attention to any other objects," Iimagined this to be pretty much as it occurs in the film. It is one ofthe most emotional climaxes in the history of romantic dramas and saysso much more than the most dizzy, violent depiction of romantic lovefrom writers of her generation.PRIDE & PREJUDICE should be a staple for writers of romance. In keepingthe two leads within touching distance from each other, not quitegetting what the other is about, there is a sense of urgency -- we wantthem to make it into each other's arms, even if it happens in the lastpage (or the last scene, this being film). This being one of the mostwell-constructed novels of romance and one who gains more weight withevery passing decade, it has also embedded itself into modern culture.It wouldn't be hard to find references of this type of story in SEX ANDTHE CITY, for example, in which Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big, two polaropposites, meet, fall for each other, then argue, then get separated,meet again, can't get along, can't understand each other, go on theirseparate ways until Mr. Big undergoes such a change towards the end ofthe series run that when he comes for her, we absolutely believe it andwant him to rush after her, snatch her up, and bring her back homewhere she belongs.Definitive version? Watch for yourself. But it's always best to readand enjoy the language, the texture, the characters, the urgency of theBennet's situation, laughing at even the ridiculous characters,cheering when the deeper plots get resolved down to its epilogue wheneven Lady Catherine de Bourgh -- a relatively powerless dowager -- hasto relent to her nephew's wife. Boy meets girl, loses girl, wins girlback has never looked so well as it does here.