The fantastic romantic world of Jane Austen again makes its way to thesilver screen in Joe Wright's new adaptation of the classic novel Prideand Prejudice. It is the first feature film to be adapted from it in 65years, and believe me when I say it does not disappoint. Thisadaptation is, for lack of a better word, a BRILLIANT achievement thatkeeps you actively involved from the first scene to the very lastscene, just about consuming you with aching romance ? and it issprinkled with humour and intelligence.Still taking place in the late 1700s and still interweaving its storywith timeless emotion, pride, narrow-mindedness and love, Pride andPrejudice (2005) zooms in on the Bennet household in class-conscious,stuck-up England. In this household, we follow five spirited sistersunder the idealism of their overbearing mother (a superbly neuroticBrenda Blethlyn providing for the comic relief) who desperately wantsthem all to marry and thereby secure the future of the family estate.But the standout sister and protagonist in the film, Lizzie (KeiraKnightley) is clever enough to have other ideas, but alas too romanticto carry them out... *sigh*When reviewing period films such as this one, one often focuses on thesetting and costume design. I believe this is done because they areoften better crafted than the actual story. But in Pride and Prejudice(2005), the stormy emotions of its characters?bottled up but bubblingto get out?completely consume the entire film and places understatedset designs in the backseat. Only when it was consciously put forward,like when Lizzie Bennet was admiring the beautiful architecture andGreek statues of Mr. Darcy's estate, did I ever notice the background ?and it was, of course, extraordinary. A similar state displaying thedynamics of its central cast should be attributed to the grand dancingscene between Lizzie and Mr. Darcy ? the two are so absorbing that whenWright purposely fades out the the rest of the dancing crowd, you donot notice a change. Your eyes are still solely Knightley andMacfadyen. It took me three viewings to realise this. As for acting performances then, the unspeakably lovely Keira Knightleyhas finally done it. She has proved me wrong with a truly Oscar-worthyperformance and she does it without crying, worrying, moping andsighing like the other nominees that year. Knightley is in fact allabout sweet subtlety here, bringing a fantastic presence to herhigh-spirited character Lizzie. She is the type of character that everygirl and woman in the world can identify with and with Knightley behindher to give her oomph, you will not find a more likable creature infilms this year. MacFayden is completely satisfactory as Lizzie's loveinterest Mr. Darcy, but he is no Colin Firth ? lacking in charm and isa bit too wooden. But no matter, because these two have the beston-screen chemistry I have ever seen. I'm not kidding, this wassensational. Such magnetism. It is highlighted from scene 1, playfullytouching upon their sexual tension and gradually turning it intofeverish love that sends chills down your spine.Every last actor in the cast of Pride and Prejudice (2005) gets toshine in their character?from Dame Judi Dench as a cold rich lady toDonald Sutherland as caring Mr Bennet, all except Jena Malone whose alltoo Valley-girl American attitude was distracting and annoyinglyanachronistic. But it is Knightley who is in focus and who propels thefilm with her warm charisma. It is impossible not to fall in love withthe main characters, and I say this as someone who avoidsromance-themed films and who does not care for period films. This is a truly timeless story and this film will hopefully beremembered, celebrated and praised for breathing life into it with suchpassion.10/10 (which is a rare grade for me)