Thank the movie gods for Movie Pass. For without this I probablywouldn't check out lesser known films like this. Who am I kidding? Iwould have still watched it for the goddess that is Alicia Vikander. Onpaper this looked like a good period piece. Nothing excellent, but thenagain it's hard to judge something just from the trailers. I enjoyedthe film for the most part. It's a little too overplotted though andcould have used editing in that regard.The film takes place in 17th century madness where tulips were thecraze and people would invest heavily in the flower. This is thesetting for a forbidden love story about a married woman who starts anaffair with a painter who was hired by her husband to paint them. Thefilm also stars Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevigne (both hiding out inAmsterdam after the disastrous Valerian), and also the always greatChristoph Waltz.I thought production and costume design was good and captured a knottygrittier Amsterdam of the past. Waltz is always good, especially whenthere is a comedic element to his character like there is here. Ienjoyed portions of the film but can't help but feel the writing of thefilm (or novel of basis for that matter) is too messy and can't escapefeeling rushed. The first 20 minutes had too much quick cuts and quickprogression. Once the film gelled in, it got better but was broughtdown by too much plot.The tulip craze as a backdrop really took away from the main story.Judi French and Cara Delevigne are just there as part of it, with noreal development of character. I like Dane DeHaan but don't think himand Vikander pair up well. There was a lack of chemistry. And thenthere's all that's going on with Holiday Grainger's arc. I still likeda bulk of the film it just needed to be stronger at some points. Ithought the ending was also so shoe-horned in and disappointing.The film would have worked better as a TV miniseries so then all theplot lines could be developed properly and characters given better towork with. Overall, it's enjoyable but just feel like better writingwould make the film really stand out as the period piece it should be.7/10