How could such a beautiful looking movie fall so flat? Sumptuousfilming, a stellar cast, with brilliant period sets and costumes arenot enough to disguise the fact that Tulip Fever (2017) drowns underthe weight of its own plot contrivance and melodramatic performances.Set in 17th Century Amsterdam, it tells the story of an orphan who"arrived barefoot and left in a carriage". Selected to marry for hergreat beauty, Sophia's (Alicia Vikander) sole purpose is to bear achild for wealthy merchant Cornelius (Christopher Waltz) whose firstmarriage was barren. Cornelius commissions struggling artist Jan (DaneDeHaan) to paint their portrait to celebrate his wealth and her beautybut the artist immediately falls under her spell. While the affairprogresses, her maidservant Maria (Holliday Grainger) falls pregnant toa fishmonger and the two women concoct a subterfuge whereby Sophiapretends to be pregnant to keep Maria's secret. As a backgroundsub-plot, Jan seeks his fortune in the over-heated tulip market bypurchasing the rarest of tulip specimens from an imperious nun (JudiDench). Melodrama turns into farce as the multiple narrativesinterweave, tighten, yet ultimately go nowhere.High visual production values do not make up for story implausibility.The months of unsuccessful mating between Cornelius and Sophia isportrayed as a bawdy comedy of nightly rituals where Corneliusstruggles to perform his marital duties. The affair under her husband'snose, the fake pregnancy, and fake birth are all ludicrouslyimplausible. The background tale of wild speculations on the fickletulip market is a distraction rather than necessary for Jan'spredictable investment outcomes. The script sounds unnatural anddialogue is delivered unconvincingly: many lines are spoken acrossclass boundaries in ways that would have been unimaginable in that era.With a top- shelf cast, the acting is flawless although Alicia Vikanderstands out for the way she plays the same Alicia Vikander that we haveseen in several films. The chemistry with both husband and lover is ofthe barely flickering variety, and her impersonation of Mona Lisa is,as always, impeccable.Does the film's ending justify the effort? Disappointingly, no. Thefate of all the characters is disconnected from the narrative flow andthe storyline threads remain dangling in the wind. For some audiences,the beauty of this production will be worth the commitment. However,after an hour and forty-five minutes, all we learn is that greatbeauty, wealth, greed, and deception, do not bring happiness; nor doaesthetics alone make a great movie.