Alright, before I begin, let me establish - whilst I am both an Austenfan and a fan of the 1995 BBC Mini-Series, I am not a purist. I walkedin to this film with very few expectations, and willing to accept thatit would not be like the oh-so-wonderful BBC version. I was ready for achange. And I have to say, I pretty much got what I expected - just letme remind you, that wasn't a whole lot.Firstly, this film is NOT Jane Austen's version of Pride & Prejudice -it's more like an odd, re-written version of P&P by Emily Bronte.Instead of the novel's original clever, witty and fairly quietsuburban, drawing room satire, director Joe Wright chose to create alush, sweeping, romantic saga, set against stark and gloriouslybeautiful locations.Essentially, the story is pared down to its bare roots -- LizzieBennett, a precocious and rather giggly girl, meets andhates-on-first-sight Mr Darcy, the uptight and taciturn friend of MrBingly, the new renter of Netherfield Park. Bingly, goofy, awkward andtongue-tied, is immediately enchanted by, and falls in love with, shyJane Bennett, Lizzie's older, quieter sister. The story follows Lizzieas she first hates and then falls in love with the increasinglyemotionally fragile Darcy, overcoming her prejudice towards him, andassisting Jane in establishing a relationship (and marriage) withBingly.Sadly, many wonderful (and, in my opinion, extremely necessary)characters fall to the wayside - the clever caricatures of Mr Collins(the obtuse, silly, mean spirited cousin), Mrs Bennett (now just a tadwhiny but mostly lovable), Mr Bennett (indulgent rather than scathing),and Lady Catherine (still nasty and selfish, but lacking any ofAusten's delicious wit) all dwindle down to not-much-ness. It's Austen,Jim, but not as we know it! This film DOES have some good points - firstly, the cinematography, isjust plain gorgeous. This is top class stuff - one film moment, whereLizzie stands on a mountain precipice whilst the camera sweeps aroundher, really made me catch my breath. Also, Matthew MacFadyen brings avery interesting new dimension to the character of Darcy - while wemiss out on Darcy's clever dialogue and scathing wit, we do gain a lotof vulnerability that is interesting and really beautifully portrayedby MacFadyen. While I still think that Colin Firth has created aversion of Darcy that is, in my opinion, unbeatable, MacFadyen reallyengaged me and had me interested.Keira Knightly, on the other hand, was NOT my vision of Lizzie. Whilstshe is much closer in age to the character than Jennifer Ehle ("not yetone and twenty"), she turned an outspoken, intelligent, strong,independent character in to one seriously lacking in backbone. Shewavers back and forth from giggles to looking teary and forlorn -- allin all, not a character that I can imagine ANY man of intelligencefalling desperately in love with.I have to admit, I also found the overall change from early 19thcentury English Regency to late 18th century French Provincial (???)really irritating and confusing. As I understand it, the director wasinterested in setting the film when it was originally written (whichwas, admittedly, at the end of the 18th century), but what he failed totake in to account was that Jane Austen did major rewrites of all ofher novels before they were published in the 19th century. However,whilst the setting would not, in my opinion, have been at allappropriate to a more faithful portrayal of the novel, the execution ofthe story was so different from Austen's original intentions, it hardlymatters.All in all, tossing aside my love of the novel, I still find I am leftwith a fairly mediocre film. There are some glaring historicalinaccuracies (or rather, historical improprieties - such as a certaincharacter wandering the countryside in her slippers and nightgown, toname one), the costumes are ill fitting and really unflattering for ALLof the characters (I understand the director wanted to "ugly up"Knightly, although I don't understand his reasoning for this - Lizzieis, after all, supposed to be very handsome) and the dialogue for themost part is uncomfortably, awkwardly changed from the original. Isuspect, as well, that if I didn't know what the story was about, Iwouldn't have been able to follow this film very easily.To sum up, go see it if you know the story and want a new take, ordon't have a clue what the story is about - you'll probably at leastmoderately enjoy it (and clearly, many people have). However, if youare a major fan of the book (or just like it a lot!) stick to the BBCseries - Jennifer and Colin leave this version for dead.