In 1995 the 5 hours miniseries of Pride & Prejudice, with Colin Firthas Darcy and Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth Bennet, was a big hit inEngland and the Netherlands. It even inspired Helen Fielding to writethe Bridget Jones's novels. Therefor, whether you'll like the new 2005movie mainly depends on the fact if you've seen the version that wasdone ten years ago. If you have, you'll probably be very disappointedwith the Knightly movie. If you haven't, well, maybe this romanticflick may be 'amiable' enough for you.For those who aren't familiar with the story: Pride & Prejudice is aromantic costume drama that takes place in 19th century England and isbased on the famous novel by Jane Austen. The story is about the Bennetfamily, a father, mother and five or six daughters. The only way tosecure the future of the children is to marry a party that owns a lotof money. Jane, the oldest sister, is beautiful but a little icy. Shehopes to marry young Bingley, a rich aristocrat who just moved to acastle nearby. Her younger sister Elizabeth, the main character of themovie, wants to help her conquer his heart, but finds out thatBingley's best friend, the rich but arrogant mister Darcy, sabotagesher plans. Elizabeth and Darcy start out as enemies, but as the storyprogresses they both find out that their opinions of each other arebased on wrong information, pride and prejudice.Let's bring the good news first. The new Pride & Prejudice is the bigKeira Knightly show. Although she cannot top Jennifer Ehle'sperformance, Knightly proves that she has real star-power and that sheis able to carry a movie. She looks lovely in this flick: she enchantsyou with her great smile and has the charms of a young Winona Ryder.Dame Judi Dench is excellent as Darcy's powerful aunt who is against amarriage and Donald Sutherland has a both moving and funny scene at theend of the movie when he gives permission to Darcy to marry Elizabeth.The end of the movie is actually better than the one in the miniseries. Okay, then the bad news. I guess the main flaw of this new version isDarcy himself, a role played by Matthew MacFadyen. In the story he israther dull and generally uninterested in what's going on. It must bedifficult to replace Colin Firth as leading man and the Darcy of theminiseries of course had more (screen)time to show his inner struggle.But the new Darcy is so dull that frankly you don't care if he ends upwinning Elizabeth's heart or not. There is absolutely no spark betweenKnightly and MacFadyen. At the end of the movie they don't even kissand as an audience you couldn't care less. But Darcy isn't the only one that seems miscast. The new mister Bingleyis ? despite his Jamie Oliver haircut ? a real nerd, and misterWickham, who falls in love with Elizabeth but elopes with her youngersister, lacks the depth to be an interesting villain. Because of thetime-frame, the movie is less subtle than the miniseries. There's a lotto be told in two hours and because of that there is hardly anysuspense. Problems rise but they are solved within minutes. But what Ireally missed were the great dialogs. In the miniseries heavy emotionswere always masqueraded by politeness. Darcy doesn't say "Wow, it'sgreat to see you, Elizabeth" but instead asks if her parents are ingood health. The things that are NOT said were more interesting thanthe things that were indeed spoken out. The encounters betweenElizabeth and Darcy always turned out to be great fights in which wordsand sentences were used as swords and daggers. I really missed that inthe new version. Come to think of it, I also missed the humor you didsee in Ang Lee's Sense & Sensibility, also based on a Jane Austennovel. Where is Hugh Grant when you need him?A friend of mine ? also a journalist ? really liked this movie. But hehadn't seen the Colin Firth/Jennifer Ehle version from 1995. So perhapsI'm a little hard on what was presented to me last week, because thefilm does have its qualities.7 of out of 10