I confess I've loved her ever since our meeting seven years ago.Whereas I used to abuse her with a Darcy-like arrogance, "my knowingher better improved my opinion" of her. Jane Austen--after my wife--hasbeen one of the most influential females in my life. She's witty, wise,and can pin a scoundrel down like an eight year old boy can pin down aninsect on cardboard. Bottom line, I love the woman for her gifts tohumanity. Pride & Prejudice being one of my favorite books (and the Firth-Ehlemovie version a cinematic staple in our home), I cringed at the thoughtof a 127 minute version. But alas...my wife, sister, and I happilyjourneyed to the theater for at the very least a few moments of Austenenjoyment.About a half hour into the film I felt like I was watching someone tryto play a super-glued accordion: the scenes had no breathing space;hence no music. I noticed my wife's restlessness concerning which, whenI asked her about it, she replied that "This version seemsclaustrophobic." I agreed.Had I not been suckled on the real thing and also exposed myself to theA&E version, I think I "might" have had a fighting chance of enjoyingit...somewhat. Real character development demands time, and time is not what theKnightley version gives its audience. I'll try to be somewhat helpfulbelow. There are a few bright spots: 1. Simon Woods is quite a bit sillier (abumbling Brit rock star type) than Bonham-Carter is as Mr. Bingley, andthus evokes more laughs, including his, was it, "incorrigible ass(?)"comment. 2. The proposal scenes (excepting Mr. Collins') are quite abit more tenderly drawn out (very un-British) satisfy the yearnings of(post)moderns for absolute access into everything holy. 3. Wickham isquite a bit more believably attractive as a Lizzy suitor. 4. There area few spots which will jolt the tear-making machinery out of its rustyslumber...(Lizzy and Jane's affection and happiness for one another andMr. Bennett's deep and moving satisfaction concerning his belovedLizzy's love for Darcy.) 5. The soundtrack will be melodramaticallypleasant. 6. This version's cinematography is thoroughly sensual andthe characters (the likable ones) much more so (this seems the mostimportant requirement for a movie these days) than any other version todate (However, as my wife pointed out, Mansfield Park better achievesthe balance between sensuality and well-done character development). The bruised spots: 1. The length. P&P is too complex a story for a meretwo hours. 2.Hence, Lydia, Kitty, and Wickham seem added to the moviejust to make it work (without the viewer ever being able to move beyondmere acquaintance with them) 3. Tom Hollander's (as Mr. Collins)proposal to Lizzy is way too rushed and stands in need of quite aprofound re-take (I do, however, love his performance in "Wives andDaughters"). 4. Lizzy's character (this is not slight to Knightley,maybe rather the script writers/director)- there were many veryun-Lizzy-like comments. The examples that irked the most were Lizzy'soutright disrespectful (though true) comments to her parents. Austendoes a fantastic job of depicting Lizzy's inward frustration with thefoolishness of her parents while at the time tempering her commentswith love, respect and restrained British politeness. The recentversion attempts to Americanize Lizzy into the typical 21st century"speak my whole mind, even the ugly, rude and whatnot" young adult. 5.Lizzy tromping about in her nightgown in the early morn and chancing tomeet Mr. Darcy strolling massively out of the fog 6. The hideouslylaughable "Goddess-Divine" comment at movie's end. 7. The length...again. It's impossible to pull this off. After the movie, I felt like I could justifiably conclude that realAusten fans will enjoy a few moments but will be left with a bad tastein their mouths until they return home for some delicious Firth andEhle sustenance. Better yet, read the book...so the literature/cinemapolarization always seems to go...