(There are Spoilers) 15 year-old Michael Berg, David Cross, is suddenlytaken ill on the streets of Neustadt Germany and nurses back to help bya total stranger who seems to have no one but herself to look after.The time is spring 1958 and the stranger in question is 36 year oldtrolley ticket stamper Hanna Schmitz, Kate Winslet.It's later when Michael was fully recovered, from Scarlett Fever, thathe came back to thank Hanna for all she did for him that he started tofall in love with her. So much so that the two had a hot and sizzlinglove affair throughout the entire summer of 1958 until Hanna, byleaving town, broke it off. It's now eight years later, 1965, andMichael now in law collage is sent together with his fellow lawstudents by his teacher Prof. Rohl, Bruno Ganz, to see how the law isadministrated in the new German Republic. The trial that Michael is toattend and study has to do with a number of former SS women guards atthe notorious Aushwitz concentration camp.To Michael's shock and uttersurprise the major defendant at the trail is non other then his formerlover, and the women who saved his life, Hanna Schmitz! All this isrecounted in 1995 by a grown up, and now a lawyer in Berlin, MichaelBerg, played by a middle age Ralph Fiennes.Michael has been haunted all his adult life in not being able to cometo Hanna's aid like she did for him when she needed him most, at hertrial, with vital information that would have well speared her alifetime behind bars in a German prison. Not that Hanna was totallyinnocent of the charges against her in having sent a number of unfitfor work women inmates to their ultimate deaths at the Auschwitzconcentration camp. But it was the major charge against Hanna that shetook full responsibility for, and given the harshest sentence by thecourt, that she in fact had nothing at all to do with. Hanna'spersonally writing out and signing the order that caused the deaths ofhundreds of Jewish women held captive in an abandoned church.Hanna as we, as well as Michael who would read books for her, all couldsee very early in the movie was a functional illiterate. There was noway Hanna could write out a long two or three page order that in effectsent some 300 women prisoners to their death in a locked up church,that was later fire bombed by allied aircraft, since she couldn't evenwrite her own name! The most shocking thing of all is that Hanna feltno remorse in the crimes that she committed during the war, she wasonly doing her job, but felt greatly embarrassed to the point ofgetting life, instead of four years, behind bars in her keeping thepublic from knowing that she couldn't either read or write!It took years for Michael to get up enough courage to finally go andsee Hanna in prison which by then, with Michael's corresponding withher through the mail, she did teach herself to read and write. But bythat time Hanna also realized what a monster she was during the war andeven with her about to be paroled from prison, after some 20 yearsbehind bars, she came to realize that there was no life left for heroutside or behind prison bars.Academy Award caliber performances by both Ralph Fiennes and 18 yearold David Kross as Michael Berg as well as the multi-talented KateWinslet as the confused, in what she did in the war, and tragic, inwhat she ultimately did to herself,Hanna Schmitz. There's also worthmentioning in the movie actress Lena Olin playing both Rose and herdaughter, some twenty years later, Ilana Mather. It was to Ilana, who'smother was the only survivor of the bombed out church, that Hannathrough Michael, as her personal lawyer, left all her earthlybelongings. Even though Ilana couldn't keep the money that Hanna leftfor her, she told Michael to donate it to a hospital burn unit, she didin fact take the colorful tea tin that it was kept in. It remindedIlana of better times when as a young girl she kept her valuables in asimilarly tea tin before the outset of WWII.