Kate Winslet's portrayal of Hanna Schmitz, a former Nazi death campguard living in Berlin in 1958 and working as a trolley car conductor,is one of the strongest roles in her impressive acting career. Somehowshe was able to create a character that the audience could feel somedegree of empathy with, despite her having worked in Auschwitz,selecting prisoners for extermination. To her, it was just a job, likeany other. She had no education (she was illiterate). She befriends ayoung high school student, Michael Berg, and they carry on an unlikelylove affair. Before they made love, Hanna insisted that Michael read toher, thus the title. She weeps as Michael reads Homer and laughs toMark Twain. A complex and fascinating character, she lived her lifefrom day to day, with her past buried safely behind her. That is, untila death camp survivor published a book which included details aboutHanna's past, resulting in a public trial and the sordid details of herpast are retold in court.The story is narrated by Michael Berg, as told through a series offlashbacks, beginning with when they first met in 1958. While HannaSchmitz's character is played by Kate Winslet for the entire film,Michael Berg's character is played by 2 different actors, David Krossplays young Michael Berg and Ralph Fiennes as the adult. While KateWinslet steals the show, the movie is putatively about Michael Berg.More's the pity, since his character is not all that appealing. As acallow youth and as an equally callow adult, he doesn't seem veryengaging (as an adult, he is too busy to attend his father's funeral).This is the movie's biggest flaw. Kate Winslet is in a supporting rolewhen she should be the main attraction.The plot is complicated, and the heavy use of flashback narrativedoesn't help things. The movie begins in the present, flashes back to1958, into the 1960s, with a flashback within a flashback to 1944 (asre-told in the court proceedings), and then into the 70s, 80s, & 90s. I would recommend this movie despite the plot simply to watch KateWinslet's study in the banality of evil. It's one of the great andmemorable performances of 2008.