The story is a simple one, with a twist. A boy has an affair with anolder woman, who one day abandons him without a word. A quiet,sensitive boy, in post WW2 Germany. Finding him retching outside herhouse she takes him in and cleans him up. When he recuperates and comesto thank her, the relationship becomes kinetic.He is educated, she is not. He is innocent, she is not. They make atrade. If he'll read his books of literature to her, she'll please himsexually. He learns little of her, and she doesn't offer much to him,except her body. When he pleads for more, she berates him with: "youmean nothing to me." It is a prophetic remark that shows us more ofher, but little else is forthcoming, and when he hesitantly asks her ifshe means it, she seems to grudgingly back down. As it turns out thisexchange may be crucial for the boy's, and our understanding of hercharacter.A few years later, when attending a war crimes trial for a class, he isstunned to see his former lover as one of those accused. She was aguard at Auschwitz. The young man is devastated, but holds his silenceto his friends. He decides to visit her in jail but backs out. Then herealizes that he has evidence that can change the course of her trial,but continues to keep silent.It is his silence that makes up the core of this movie, and it is it'sunraveling that is left to the audience. Is his reason simple orcomplex? Is he acting out of cowardice, malice, or a sense of justice?As a man (Ralph Fiennes) he one day decides to send her one of thebooks he used to read to her. But not the book, rather a tape he hasmade of himself reading the book. He had realized in the trial that theone thing he knew about her, was the one thing that might have givenher a more lenient sentence: she is illiterate. How this could havebeen a mitigating factor I won't divulge.Using his tapes and looking at the books she teaches herself to read,and starts to write to him, but he never responds, continuing hissilence, and yet continuing to correspond to her as a "Reader." Whatare we to make of him? Or her? My take on it, is that she was a simple,concrete soul, used to taking orders, and able to separate herselfemotionally from her job, yet remaining shallow in spite of all thefine literature she is exposed to. She ends up being able to read, butnever able to fathom. She comes across not as callous, but as vapid.He on the other hand comes across as a weak man, unable to grapple withthe paradox of loving a "monster," who he never knew as a monster.Unable to offer much except that which he can do at a distance. He isnot callous, but is, like his erstwhile lover, emotionally hollow.Winslett is haunting, and emanates pathos. The boy David Kross iswinning as a winsome lad. All in all the movie held up well and wasengrossing, but I could have done without the final scene with LenaOlin, who plays a victim of the holocaust, imperiously, andunsympathetically, and the scene seems to have had only one purpose: toallow her to get in the pregnant line: "you can learn nothing from thecamps."