I've been let down before by DVDs that promised much but delivered verylittle, the most recent example being the decidedly average"Duplicity". Who hasn't? But honestly, I wasn't expecting much fromthis. Yes, Kate Winslet finally got her Best Actress nod from Oscar forher role but I was expecting another "Training Day" - a meaty and verytalky drama with all the crying and monologues that Hollywood's finestcould muster. But this is so much more than that. It'sthought-provoking, emotive and full of the heartbreakingcharacterisation that typifies Stephen Daldry's work.Berlin, 1995. A middle-aged Michael Berg (Ralph Fiennes) reminiscencesabout a long-ago love affair with a mysterious woman called HannaSchmitz (Winslet). As the pair spend more time with each other, theyoung Michael (David Kross) finds himself reading to Hanna more andmore before she strangely disappears, leaving him heart-broken. As thefilm progresses, Michael continues to remember the next time he sawHanna - on trial for war crimes during the Second World War'sHolocaust.It may be too Oscar-friendly for some but both my new wife and I found"The Reader" to be a superb movie. Once the story begins, it'sdifficult to tear your eyes away from the screen as its loaded with somany talented and flawless performances that it is utterly believable.Winslet may have got the plaudits but Fiennes and Kross particularlyare just as brilliant. What separates this from other war-based lovestories is the rare opportunity to see the aftermath of conflict fromthe defeated side. Most Hollywood war films are excessively glamorisedand heavily focused on the Allies. Mercifully, this isn't - it's dirty,grubby and anything but glamorous. The tipping point, for this viewer,came when Kross is walking between rows and rows of stolen shoes takenfrom Jews executed in the camps only for the camera to move and zoomout to reveal a staggering number of identical cages, equally stacked.This is one film, like "Schlinder's List", that really hammers home thehorrors of what happened during those dark days but crucially, it alsodeals with the collective conscience of a nation struggling tounderstand how they could be capable of shocking inhumanity."The Reader" may have raised eyebrows with its explicit sex scenes(which aren't that gratuitous, to be fair) but it should have beentalked about as one of the best films of last year. It's not easy towatch at times, largely due to the strength of the performances onshow. A lot of films will be described as "thought-provoking" but inthis case, it is true - my wife and I spoke at length after the filmfinished about what we had seen, even discussing why the charactersmade the choices they did. I have never known any film to do that withthis viewer or my wife but it perfectly demonstrates why "The Reader"is an essential film and one of the best war-based love stories I'veever seen. First class film-making.