Kate Winslet, I absolutely adore her, she's my favorite actress of alltime. I still can't believe that she hadn't won an Oscar, her firstnomination was in 1995 with Sense and Sensibility. Finally after 14long years, she finally won the coveted award with the movie TheReader. I finally was able to see this movie the other day and it blewme away, I'm still debating if this really was my favorite Kate Winsletperformance, but once again with a strong cast telling a powerfulstory, The Reader was definitely one of the best films out of 2008. Somany holocaust films have been made, it's hard to make another thatstands out, but we really haven't had a story where the Nazi guardswere on trial. A lot of people debate if this movie is trying too hardto push sympathy on Kate Winslet's character, but my love for this filmis to just show that they were human as well, hard to believe, but thatour mothers, sisters, friends, whoever could have done something soshameful.Michael Berg in 1995 Berlin watches an S-Bahn pass by, flashing back toa tram in 1958 Neustadt. A teenage Michael gets off because he isfeeling sick and wanders around the streets afterwards, finally pausingin the entryway of a nearby apartment building where he vomits. HannaSchmitz, the tram conductor, comes in and assists him in returninghome. The 36 year old Hanna seduces and begins an affair with the 15year old boy. During their liaisons, at her apartment, he reads to herliterary works he is studying. After a bicycling trip, Hanna learns sheis being promoted to a clerical job at the tram company. She abruptlymoves without leaving a trace. The adult Michael, a lawyer, atHeidelberg University law school in 1966. As part of a special seminartaught by Professor Rohl, a camp survivor, he observes a trial ofseveral women who were accused of letting 300 Jewish women die in aburning church when they were SS guards on the death march followingthe 1944 evacuation of Auschwitz. Hanna is one of the defendants.Stunned, Michael visits a former camp himself. The trial divides theseminar, with one student angrily saying there is nothing to be learnedfrom it other than that evil acts occurred and that the oldergeneration of Germans should kill themselves for their failure to actthen. But Michael is conflicted on what to do, if to speak out onHannah's behalf on some of her innocence in the murders or keep quiet. This is one of the most powerful movies I have ever seen, it was soincredible and just heart breaking. One of the things I respected aboutthe film was the way they handled the awkward "love story" betweenMichael and Hannah, she's older, he's younger, but it's not even aperverted thing, so strange to say that. I don't know how to put itexactly, but their connection was real and in some sense they bothneeded each other. If you have the chance to see this movie, Iseriously suggest that you take it, the powerful performances reallymake this film captivating. The story is so heart wrenching andpainful, but was told so well. Kate now finally has the award she'sdeserved for so long and pulls in a terrific performance with TheReader.10/10