What is guilt? I believe this is the central question behind StephenDaldry's new film The Reader. Based on the novel by Bernhard Schlink,the story asks its audience what a true monster is. If you know asecret, one that could exonerate someone from being found guilty ofmurder, should you help her even though you know she's accepted herguilt despite being unable to stop it? What if that person was someoneyou loved? There is some heavy material thrown about in the second halfof this film, emotions run high and people must make decisionsconcerning some very dire situations. One thing is for sure, though,once that decision is made, no matter which side of the fence you fallon, some shred of guilt, some feeling of remorse, is inevitably goingto follow you around for the rest of your life. This is what we callbeing human, because as Bruno Ganz's Professor Rohl says, "our justiceis governed by laws, not morals." It doesn't matter whether somethingwas right or wrong, it's whether it was legal or illegal. Unfortunatelyour souls don't work that way.As said, these moral quandaries crop up in the brilliantly paced andconstructed second half of the film. The power involved in thecharacters' actions all weigh heavy on those they touch. Perhaps theweight would not feel as palpable without the events of the first act,but either way, that portion of the film is too light and innocuous. Welearn about young Michael Berg's, (a wonderful turn by David Kross, whois the true star of the film), affair with an older woman named HannaSchmitz. This woman is very troubled and in a state of constant fluxwhere her emotions are concerned. She loves Berg, but can never quiteallow herself to fully commit to that feeling, her past continuouslynagging at the back of her head, remembering what it was she used to dowith those who read to her. Kate Winslet's performance as Hanna isquite good, but like the film itself, doesn't come into its own untilthe second act, when all the secrets finally become uncovered.It is a good beginning, the unabashed love of a young 15 year old andhis first sexual partner. He becomes her orator of stories and partnerin romance, but they both know it could never last. School would becommencing and Berg would see the young girls his age, ever comparingthem to Hanna, and her manifesting his feelings with her own jealousy,knowing that she must let him go ? this time sending herself awayrather than those she "befriended" of her past, those she sent off towhatever fate awaited them. Whether this violation became so deeplyrooted in the boy, I'm not sure, but when he goes off to law school andcrosses paths with his first love again, this time as she awaitscharges of Nazi war crimes, he is torn on what is morally correct. Itbecomes his obligation to let the truth come out, despite theactivities she partook in during the Holocaust. According to the law,he must divulge the information for justice, but his moral compass maynot be able to do so.The story truly is wonderfully acted and directed, pulling at theaudience's emotions and engaging them throughout. However, while thesecond half is the most intriguing and resonant, it also contains theone activity that I found abhorrent. Now older, Michael Berg is playedby Ralph Fiennes, a lawyer, recently divorced and with a daughter. Hisjourney back home, to his mother that has all but given up on him as adistant figure unable to open up to those that love him, becomes one ofreturning memories. Discovering the books he once read to Hanna almosttwo decades earlier, the guilt of what he didn't do makes him set upona mission to right that wrong. But the way in which he does so isreally quite wrong to me. He seems to condemn her for what she didstill and only creates cassettes of stories to send her to assuage hisown selfish need for forgiveness. He never appears to care about her,because if he did, he would have made different choices in thatcourtroom years before. Berg shows the selfishness that followed himthe entire story and really got me thinking that maybe he was a worsehuman being than Hanna. It's an interesting dynamic to be sure, onethat subverts the somewhat "touching" conclusion the filmmakers seem towant to attempt.The Reader is an interesting look at German guilt and the people's needto place blame on others for the Holocaust in order to somehow absolvetheir own indifference of doing nothing when they themselves knew whatwas going on. One of Berg's classmates gets the whole issue correct ina little tirade about the absurdity of the trial. Here they all were,guilty themselves of knowing what went on in the thousands of camps,yet putting on trial only six women because a survivor, (interesting tosee Lena Olin play a mother and daughter?the beauty of a film spanningdecades), wrote a book fingering them. Just as Germany needed to placeblame, so did Michael Berg. Rather than put it on his own shouldersthough, like Hanna eventually selflessly does, he decides to side withthe masses, sitting back silently and then trying in earnest to dealwith his eventual guilt, not to apologize to the person he let down,but to somehow forgive himself. It is quite the despicable act and I'mnot sure if that was the filmmakers' intent, however, that is thelasting impression it left on me.