The Reader Imagine yourself as a 15 year old school boy infatuated by amiddle aged attractive woman. And then imagine that your infatuationthen becomes reality and you have an affair with this very woman. Asthe story unfolds and the woman moves away your next discovery becomesstartling. You discover that the woman you fell in love with, is partof the biggest atrocity of the Second World War. The Reader is a veryaccomplished film, thought provoking and brilliantly acted. For the first time in many years there are great actresses up forOscars. Angeline Jolie for The Changeling, Meryl Streep for Doubt andKate Winslett for her portrayal of Hannah Schmitt. Where Winslett edgesthe competition is how she manages to display an aloofness and naivety,that makes you feel a moral dilemma as the story unfolds. David Krossis superb as the young Michael as is Feinnes as the older Michael. Butwhere the film is to be commended is where the lesser parts are equallydelivered as powerful. A scene where the student questions his LawTeacher by saying "This trail is a diversion- There are 6 people ontrial that are guilty and they are only there because of a book thatwas written" He goes on to add that the Nation was guilty there werethousands of camps, thousands of guards at Auschwitz and everyone knewabout them, our parents, our teachers and they are all as guilty fornot doing anything about them. He infers that the Nation are putting 6people on trial as if to absolve themselves of the crime. The nextgreat scene is the survivor who says to the older Michael ? "Don't goto the camps you wont find the answers there, they are empty. We neverwent there for therapy they weren't Universities we were clear what itwas we had to do". What she is inferring to, is that those that arepunished for their crimes are treated humanely and have the opportunityto get something from their crimes, whereas it was clear they hadnothing and were going to get nothing and all they could do was try tosurvive. There will be many who say ? Not another film of theholocaust-(If you can get the Frontline 55 minute movie which was madedirectly at the time of the camps being liberated then you will have nodoubts it happened). But it is a necessary film to make and where thisfilm should deserve and get high praise is in the way it is told. Wherethis film is so brilliant is if you know nothing about the plot or whatthe film is about because then you find as I did you will be shocked.It would be fantastic if the film received best film Oscar which Idoubt or indeed best Director because as a film that is up there withthe best. The central point of the film is that Winslett is illiterateand so The Reader is the young Michael and later the older Michael andthose that were in the death camp. If the film achieves two thingshighlighting that we must never forget the Holocaust and illiteracy issomething that we can do something about. Then it will have achievedmore than the actors, actresses and Director could hope for, whetherthey win Oscars or not.