THE READER in the form of Bernard Schlink's masterful book made anemotional impact on those who read it. And for once the book to filmversion holds nearly as much agony and beauty as the original. Thescreenplay is by David Hare (whose transformation of 'The Hours' was soworthy) and it captures not only the dialogue of Schlink's novel butfills in the silences with well-constructed added commentary. StephenDaldry ('The Hours', 'Billy Elliot') directs with great sensitivity tonot only the narrative story but to the myriad metaphors that fill thequiet spaces in both the novel and the film. Michael Berg (David Kross, a significant discovery!) lives in Berlin,falls ill with Scarlet Fever, and is given shelter from the rain andcold by a stern appearing Hanna (Kate Winslet). When Michael recoversfrom his illness he returns to Hanna's flat to thank her for herkindness and there begins a strange and beautiful love affair between avirginal shy lad and an older but obviously emotionally flat yet needywoman. Despite Michael's family's disdain for his absences away fromhome, Michael surrenders himself to the passion of love and Hannasoftens as she pleads for Michael to read to her. Reading and sexbecome exchanges for this rare couple until Hanna disappears. Michaeldiscovers her some ears later when Hanna is on trial for war crimes(she had been a guard in the concentration camps). Hanna allows herguilt to override reality in confessing she had been the one who hadwritten the orders for the extermination of Jews - this despite thefact that Hanna is illiterate, a fact known only to Michael. While Hanna is imprisoned Michael (now Ralph Fiennes) records hisreading of books to send to Hanna and during Hanna's twenty years ofconfinement she learns to read and write because of Michael's effortsand gifts. Once Hanna is scheduled to be released from prison and theprison matron convinces Michael to be in charge of the aging Hanna, thestory takes turns and the ending is so gently painful that sharing itwould ruin the impact for those who have neither read the book nor seenthe film. Winslet, Kross, and Fiennes are excellent in these very difficultroles. Their performances are enhanced with the supporting cast thatincludes special cameos by Lena Olin and Bruno Ganz and some other fineGerman actors. The mood of the film is gray except of the isolatedmoments of bliss Michael and Hanna share and the atmosphere is wellbalanced by the musical score of Nico Muhly. This is a film worthviewing repeatedly, there are that many layers of meaning to glean fromthis cinematic triumph. Grady Harp