Based on the novel by German writer Bernhard Schlink, The Reader (DerVorleser) tells a story about a passionate affair between a 15-yr-oldstudent and a 36-yr-old woman in the 1950s, post WWII Germany. HannaSchmitz is the mysterious lady working as a tram conductor who loves tobe read to by young Michael Berg during their trysts. Their affairlasted a summer and as intense as it started, Hanna left just assuddenly without a word. The next time Michael saw Hanna is 8 yearslater, in a courtroom where she is the defendant of a war crime trialand it is then where he finally finds out her secret she has fiercelyguarded her whole life. The director, of 2 Oscar-nominated films: Billy Elliott & The Hours,Stephen Daldry has once again highlighted the complexity of the maincharacters in this film. Revolving around Golden Globe winner KateWinslet's portrayal of Hanna Schmitz, Kate's ability to create an imageof a stout German lady is pretty impressive, packaged together with aGerman-accented English and she also bares all, both literally andcreatively, in this film. David Kross, the newcomer as the youngMichael Berg, is the true-blue German who in turn had to learn Englishto be able to act in this film and Ralph Fiennes does a fine jobportraying the older & perpetually-troubled Michael, who couldn'tforget the past that had created such a great impact to the rest of hislife. The Reader's premise surrounds the moments when Michael reads to Hannaevery time they meet, mainly from works of German literature like TheOdyssey, The Lady & The Little Dog and even The Adventures ofHuckleberry Finn. It lightens up the pace a little bit with a touch ofhumour and also when it links significantly towards the ending of thefilm. The trip to the concentration camp is poignant and hits home thecold reality of the effects of the Holocaust; the people who worked init, and the people who died in it. In this film, we get to view it fromthe point-of-view of the people who worked in it. To them, it's justwork in which they have to be responsible in their assigned duties andif it involves selecting a group of people to be sent to the gaschambers, they will do it with diligence. The question posed toeverybody else is: 'So what would YOU have done?'Containing flashbacks of the past and present, the film is intermixwith Michael's memories of the affair in 1958, his law student times 8years later & to his present life in 1995. Unfortunately, the pacing ofthe film is slow and the plot's main twist was revealed too early on inthe film and so it killed the whole build-up to Hanna's 'secret'. Alsothis being a German story by a German writer based in Germany but shotin English with English actress (Kate Winslet) & actor (Ralph Fiennes)somehow just doesn't seem convincing enough. As compared to the bookitself, the inner struggles of Michael especially during the trials arenot shown in its full strength to prove his guilt of betrayal to Hanna.Overall, watch this film for the effects of post-WWII on the peopleleft behind, to appreciate the changing years and landscape of Germanyand most of all to experience award-worthy Kate Winslet, David Kross &Ralph Fiennes acting skills.