This is a very strange movie in that there are MANY moral dilemmas andsituations that clearly are unsavory--yet the film takes a completelyneutral stance in presenting the plot. I am sure this offended some butit did make for a very memorable film. As for me, I am still not surewhat I think about this strange style of film making.The movie begins with a 16 year-old boy being seduced by a much olderwoman. The morality of this and their subsequent affair never seems tomatter---it just is. During this time, the older woman (Kate Winslet)was often quite moody and the boy's welfare really didn't seem thatimportant. Also, she would force him to read to him before they hadsex. Why is an important part of the film--and frankly, though it wasapparently supposed to be a twist, I figure this out immediately.However, this didn't spoil the film.One day, Winslet disappears. Exactly why you really don't know. The boygrows and is now in law school. As part of one of his seminar classes,he and the class go to court to observe. The case involves some Naziwar criminals--and it turns out Winslet is among the defendants. And,the fact that she had other 'readers' finally makes the young manrealize why. Winslet (this is NOT much of a spoiler) is illiterate.Yet, she is so ashamed of this, she is willing to accept a much longersentence to hide her illiteracy. And, during her long incarceration,the ex-lover (now played by Ralph Fiennes) makes it his life duty torecord book after book for her to enjoy while incarcerated. There's abit more to the film than this, but I'll leave it up to you to see foryourself.The movie has some excellent acting, though I did wonder why the leadswere played by non-Germans--while some other major characters wereGerman-speaking actors (like the Swiss-born Bruno Ganz). I wonder whythey didn't just have Germans in all the roles. Perhaps they thought itwas more bankable with Fiennes and Winslet. The moody music anddirection were perhaps the best part of the film, however---veryevocative and well done.As for the plot, I cannot completely reconcile myself with the factthat the film appeared to possibly condone or was indifferent to evil.Sexual exploitation of a teen and the holocaust are BAD....REEEEAAALbad! And that made me a bit uneasy, as I enjoyed the film and the oddplot. Also, I felt that it was a shame there was so much nudity, as Iwould love for teens to see the film--it would be great to show them toinstigate discussions and provoke exploration.A weird and unique film. Hard to really describe and one you may enjoybut also one that may prove too challenging--as I could really see thiscausing some viewers to become angry, depressed or too emotionallytaxing.By the way, was it just me or am I right that it seems that Fiennes'character wasted his life? And, interestingly, Fiennes also starred inthe excruciatingly dull "The English Patient"--another VERY morallyambiguous film about the Nazis and moral choices.