I have to say that this is one of those books that worked better?forme, at least?as a movie. As a book it just seemed a little lightweight,like a young adult book except you would need to remove all of thestuff about a 36 year old woman screwing a 15 year old kid's brainsout.To me Hanna's illiteracy represents her absence of consciousness. Aperson who doesn't read is like a child unable to make proper decisionson morality and must simply follow orders whether they are given by theSS, whatever stupid religion you follow, or Donald Trump's minions inthe White House. Trump is a great example of someone who doesn't read,who chooses not to read, which is worse than someone who can't read. Atleast Hanna knew that not reading was something shameful which is morethan you can say about the 45th president of the most powerful countryon earth. Trump represents the triumph (once again) of the stupid.The essence of the book lies here:"Did you not know that you were sending the prisoners to their death?""Yes, but the new ones came, and the old ones had to make room for thenew ones.""So because you wanted to make room, you said you and you and you haveto be sent back to be killed?"Hanna didn't understand what the presiding judge was getting at. "I . .. I mean . . . so what would you have done?" Hanna meant it as aserious question. She did not know what she should or could have donedifferently, and therefore wanted to hear from the judge, who seemed toknow everything, what he would have done.This was curious because only a day later I read this in a letter frommy brilliant younger brother: The problem with "people of faith" istheir inability to accept the failure of their bad ideas, or torecognize when they're being bamboozled by those representing them.When you don't rely on a fact-based ethos, you tend to find yourselfconfused by outcomes that don't match the faith and fantasy.Of course, the Germans weren't illiterate, far from it, but theyfollowed a dogma instead of making individual decisions and choices.It's hard work making your own choices which is why people find suchcomfort in religion and superstition and authority.