'The Reader' begins in West Germany in 1958. Michael Berg hails from agrim-faced German family and is ready to sow his adolescent oats. HannaSchmitz, former SS concentration guard now turned streetcar conductor,brings Michael back to her apartment after he's not feeling well. Hannagives Michael a bath and before you know it she's playing sex therapistto the impressionable teenager. The affair lasts a scant month or sobut on screen it feels like an interminable couple of years.While Hanna is tender showing Michael new sexual positions, she isunable to control those flashes of temper (foreshadowing the revelationof a very nasty past!). Michael ends up reading various classic novelshe's been reading at school to Hanna and she hides a deep dark secretthat she is actually illiterate! One day Michael comes over to Hanna'sapartment and she's disappeared.Flash forward to 1966. Michael is now a law student in Heidelberg. Aspart of a class trip, he attends a war crimes trial and finds Hanna inthe docket, accused of unimaginable horrors as a Nazi concentrationcamp guard. Initially, Hanna denies she's the ringleader of a group offemale guards responsible for an atrocity where they prevent a group ofJewish prisoners, locked inside a burning church, from escaping.Prosecutors insist that a document ordering the atrocity is in Hanna'shandwriting. Hanna won't give up her dark secret of being illiterateand falsely confesses, taking the rap for her fellow Nazis. It costsher big time: a sentence of life in prison.The first half of 'The Reader' is slow-moving, the erotic scenes arerepetitious and there's no central antagonist unless you count what'sgoing on in Michael's confused mind. In a slightly more interestingsecond half, we meet an all grown up Michael (played by a grim-facedRalph Fiennes). He's alienated and cut off from his emotions evidencedby his inability to bond with his daughter. Obviously he is stilltroubled by his relationship with Hanna even after all these years.So Michael decides to record the famous novels he used to read to Hannain the old days on cassette tapes. Soon, Hanna is devouring the tapesand over the years finally learns to read comparing the tape narrationsto books she's taken out in the prison library. Hanna writes to Michaelbut he won't write back (even though he still has feelings for her theidea of writing to a convicted former SS guard is something a goodGerman should not do).Finally Hanna is about to be released but she has no family to help onthe outside. Will Michael come and help her get set up with her ownapartment? After initially balking, Michael changes his mind and meetsHanna in the prison cafeteria where he informs her that he's taken careof the apartment. But Michael asks her in effect does she feel anyremorse for her actions as a Nazi? All she can that she is happy she'slearned to read. As for the atrocities?there's nothing she can do aboutit now. Michael isn't happy with the answer but he'll still help her.But Hanna must pay the price in terms of the audience. No remorse = theneed for some kind of punishment (Nazis must be punished!) So what doesshe do? On the day of her release, Hanna hangs herself. But she leavesa makeshift will, donating the rest of her cash to one of the Holocaustsurvivors, a woman who testified against her at the trial.In the best scene in the movie (and most truthful) Michael visits theHolocaust survivor in the United States where he informs her of Hanna'swishes. She doesn't want Hanna's money and tells Michael if he wantsdrama he should go to the theater and not dwell on concentration campswhere no positive life lessons can be learned. Still Michael suggestsdonating the money to an illiteracy campaign and the Holocaust survivorwon't stand in his way.Flash forward to 1995. Michael has overcome his demons and he's readyto tell the whole story of Hanna to his daughter as they pass Hanna'sheadstone in a church cemetery.Although the Reader is not a very dramatic or even good movie, it stillis fascinating because its main focus is on the whole issue of Germanguilt. The movie is based on a novel written by a German writer,Bernhard Schlink, who is grappling with years of guilt feelings overthe Holocaust. He's saying in effect, 'Hey, we Germans aren't that bad.Can you forgive us?' Schlink (and the Reader's screenwriter, DavidHare) present two characters that don't mince words (the aforementioneddaughter of the Holocaust survivor at the end of the movie and a younglaw student who points out that Hanna and her co-defendants arescapegoats since there were thousands who went unpunished).But while Schlink can face German responsibility for the Holocaust, hecan do so only up to a point. His guilt leads to such confusion thatHanna is presented as a tragic figure, done in by ignorance. During thetrial, it was her compulsive need for order that prevents her fromallowing the prisoners to escape (however more typically, Nazis ontrial would say they were "only following orders").'The Reader' gives the wrong impression that Hanna was somehow notresponsible for her actions?that somehow by being ignorant, deep downshe wasn't a bad person. In this way Schlink and Hare sugarcoat theirantagonist. The vast majority of Nazis were not illiterate, ignorantpeople?they knew exactly what they were doing and they, along with theGerman people, followed Hitler with gusto.The generation of post-war Germans don't have to apologize for 'thesins of their fathers' nor feel guilt. They merely have to studyhistory with clear and detached eyes in order to make sure things likethis never happen again.