After the recent Golden Globes, I'm sure many were scratching theirheads why Kate Winslet was put up for a Supporting Actress award,because if she's not the lead actress in The Reader, then I don't knowwho is.Based on the book by Bernhard Schlink and adapted for the screen byDavid Hare, The Reader tells of the sexual relationship between a boyand his older lover during a summer in post WWII Germany that had beenkept under wraps, and the aftermath of that relationship after sometrying circumstances involving sudden departures, unexpected reunions,and worse of all, denial because of confusion in wanting to do what'sright.Directed by Stephen Daldry, The Reader tells the story of Michael Berg(played by David Kross and Ralph Fiennes as the older man) and hissexual awakening under the tutelage of Hanna Schmitz (Kate Winslet withan accent), a tram conductor whom he met one day when he was sick. Soonafter he's back at her place more frequently like a horny schoolkidgiven a head start in sex education, who thought that his reading toher the classics of works from Charles Dickens to D.H. Lawrence waskinky foreplay. Rated R21 for full frontal nudity (male included) andwhat have yous, but it's all quite tastefully done without the need togratuitously exploit the scenes.The first half dealt more with the physical nature of Michael andHanna's relationship which slowly transforms to an emotional one,albeit peppered with issues because of their obvious age gap, and forher, in being a cradle snatcher. We know little of her past as well,which will be revealed in due course, but so long as it's not madeknown to her lover, their tiffs (as with all couples) become morepronounced and reconciliation becoming more difficult as well. Shedisappears one day, leaving Michael heartbroken, and it's not untilmuch later during a trial that he finally learns more of her. Not anideal situation of course, as it presents a chock load of questions towhich there are no clear answers.Kate Winslet deserves her awards thus far for her portrayal of a womanhiding what she deems as a shameful secret, and it's not about herromance with Michael at that. She gives her Hanna an air of innocencedespite the severe crime against humanity in which she was implicated,all because to her it was a job, and has to be done right, and dutiesdischarged professionally. Winslet brings through her exasperationreally well, and slowly we see her steely resolve and innovation incorrecting her deficiency. The make up department also deserve creditfor their work on her, and adds an extra dimension to her performance.Ralph Fiennes on the other hand has limited screen time here as theolder Michael Berg, but managed to add gravitas by linking both pastand present together. His role is to carry the sense of guilt over, aswell as to seek some redemption and forgiveness of his past. His shortscene opposite Lena Olin wrapped that up quite nicely. David Krossnaturally steals the show as the protagonist, who in his youthfulexuberance and defiance at first deemed his relationship under wraps tobe perfectly novel, until like Adam's biting of the forbidden fruit, hefinds himself surrounded by controversy that he's unable to handle, anda tinge of shame that his promising future will be on the rocks shouldhis illicit affair be made known.Kross had shown this change of attitude perfectly. From that innocenceof a wide eyed boy toward getting to the candy shop every day,preferring to forgo hanging out with his immature peers for the arms ofa mature woman, to discovering that growing up also meant change, andwistfully wanting to be back with his peers. He doesn't know whether todo the right thing, or weighing the consequences, prefer to keep mum,deny, and let another go through persecution alone. His failure tounderstand and grasp his reading to Hannah, and worse, that act beingassociated in what was deemed to be a heinous crime, seemed to allcondemn his silence even further. While Ralph Fiennes had thatexcellent scene opposite Lena Olin, here David Kross has plentyopposite Bruno Ganz who plays his law lecturer.You know that Oscar season is here when movies like these start to makea beeline for release dates from now until February. The Reader isrecommended for its well thought story, as well as its wonderful castto bring to life a tale of romance, guilt and redemption.