The most heart rendering, touching, disturbing and yet immenselybeautiful movie of the year. I can not remember when last time I was somuch moved by a film. Only another movie coming in mind calledMonster's Balls. I don't know why I am comparing these two movies,apparently nothing similar but perhaps somewhere vast intrigues ofhuman mind and its dilemmas, the complexity and overall hands ofdestiny bring the character of Halle Berry with Kate Winslet and BillyBob Thornton with Ralph Fiennes.The human pride has collapsed dynasties in histories. The Reader takesyou to a journey of what human pride and fear of being ashamed canbring down on us, perhaps life long imprisonment to someone just tokeep the secret; to someone else it perhaps brings rotting in the agonyof repent and living a life worse than death. This movie poses many glitches of relationships. Accepting love as ofany situation is the key, listening to heart and be bold in love isanother. Why did young Michael could not meet Kate during trial? Whydidn't he save her? Was it his own fear of exposing an apparentlysocially unaccepted affair or was it the respect towards his oncelover's secret what he bore although his later life. Can someone justbe convicted of guilt even the then law and order compelled her to dothe job? When Hannah asked the judge "what would you have done if yourwere in my place?" not only makes him and the juries to silence butalso brings the question before us, what would we have done if we wereborn during Nazi regime and sent to camps as guards? Could there be achoice? What will be her alternative? So many questions...I wasdumbfounded with numerous questions of our social structures andbe-wilderness of human natures. And overall sometimes people think theycan find their ways in lives but never tries to understand what theirhearts want. Is it his weak nature or is it moral dilemma to protectsomebody who is convicted of felony? But then who is responsible I am sure when you watch this movie you will face similar questions. IfKate Winslet doesn't win Oscar for this role then it will be injusticeto this beautiful actress who portrays her character with so muchsubtleties and nuances that I have seen rare in recent past. Sameapplies to the character of young Michael by David Kross andnonparallel Ralph Fiennes as the elder one. The expressions of thisEnglish Patient actor are marvelous. But it is no doubt a Kate Winsletmovie all in all. A wonderful creation by Stephen Daldry andexceptional cinematography.I thought Slumdog was the movie of the year but then that was a loudmovie. The re-fineness of the Reader is very exceptional, sets it milesapart from other movies. It is in that genre of movies that tellcomplexities of love and its non-confluent ends, or you keep onthinking was it not supposed to be like this. Would it be made morebeautiful when at the last scene Ralph Fiennes finally opens up hisclosed heart to her daughter? I don't think so.