The man who gave us the down-to-earth 'Billy Elliot' and the phenomenal'The Hours' is back with a dark story about a woman and the mysteriousmotivations behind her actions. Stephen Daldry (one of my favouritedirectors) is a master storyteller. His films have a unique treatmentthat is sincere but somewhat complex. It is clear that the man puts alot of heart into his films as he seems to devote attention toeverything from actors, soundtrack, cinematography, sets to thesmallest of things. He has an eye for visuals and almost every frame,while beautiful to look at, appears very authentic.'The Reader' is no exception to the above mentioned points. This timeit is the versatile Kate Winslet who gets the opportunity to work withhim and the result is a magnificent performance. While Fiennes, Olinand especially Kross are good in their roles, Winslet marvelouslycaptures Hanna's coldness, manipulation and fascination for reading.Note the glow in her eyes, how they light up when she is being read toand when she finally begins reading and how she manipulates Michaelwith sex (as for her sex itself does not seem to mean much more to herthan physical pleasure). Winslet also skillfully displays the enigmathat is Hanna Schmitz. After all, both Michael and the viewer wonderswho Hanna is.Why was she so cold and distant towards Michael? Did it have anythingto do with the fact that she couldn't read and he could? We notice thatMichael isn't the same anymore after discovering the truth about herpast and he too is not able to form any close attachments until afterHanna's suicide (which is evident in the scene with his daughter). Whydid Hanna contribute to 'killing' the children who read to her? Wasliteracy the primary motivation? The fact that they could read might bewhat drew her closer to them but she may have envied and resented themfor the same reason because she herself did not know how to read.Perhaps her lack of guilt during the trial had to do with pride andguilt. After all she does reason that it was just a job. Perhaps shefelt undeserving of absolution which is why she did not show guilt (asa result of which she got a harsher sentence than her partners incrime). Perhaps deep down she resented herself because she did not knowhow to read. By the end of the film, it is apparent that she does feelremorse. After her suicide she does leave money to Ilena. Whatmotivated the suicide is questionable, just like everything else abouther life.'The Reader' is like a complex puzzle that is both fascinating andintriguing. It is an excellent movie for discussion and one thatwarrants revisiting. Perhaps then I'll be able to uncover more aboutthis intriguing character or, instead, find more questions.