I attended the Premiere of Twilight the movie. The theater was filled,Imust say the casting director really did a great job. The cast membersvisually and physically reflected the characters in book perfectly. Themovie played more like a comedy rather than a suspense or romance. Theaudience roared in laughter (myself included)to certain scenes thatweren't necessarily meant to be funny. Such as the exaggerated facialexpressions the main characters carried. The facial expressionsalthough were funny were extremely distracting. Furthermore when DoctorCullen's initially walked on screen everyone gasped, and not because ofhis dashing good looks but because of the clown makeup that covered hisface. (Jasper's as well) The movie dragged in the beginning but then itsped through, one moment Edward hates Bella the next they're dating? IfI hadn't read the book I would've been lost and demanded my money back.The cast was great their performance was fantastic but the movie gotlost somewhere in the editing process. The movie didn't end with a kissas the book instead with a long exaggerated focus on Victoria spying onour main characters at prom. Are you serious? How did directorCatherine Hardwicke get away with this? Sure it was nice to see thecharacters with your eyes instead of imagination but other than thatthe story was lost.I don't see how this movie will get a great review it was horrible. Ienjoyed it because I read it. Those that haven't read the book and thenwent to see movie I'm sure were disappointed. Sorry but I sure hopeStephanie Meyers keeps the current cast members and request anotherdirector for the New Moon movie. Don't get me wrong I know as with anymovie that evolved from a book some parts will in fact get lost. Thistime unfortunately the entire story and the characters were lost, wedon't know why they act the way they do. We don't know why Edward isdrawn to Bella, how they're bond was strengthened in such a short timeetc... The screenwriter in this movie, director and the entire editingdepartment dropped the ball. I'm unsure if this was a deliberate Spoffon the book or just a product of bad directing and editing. Perhaps 30minutes extra would've helped, or in the end probably nothing could'vehelped prevent this horrible massacre.