I found Twilight to be one of the worst books I had ever read. Inaddition to just bad prose, lame dialog and sloppy editing, it alsocontained an awkward, naive, meek, hero-worshiping and foolish heroine- the antithesis of the modern, emancipated and confident woman I wantmy daughters to become. Besides, the plot was really thin andpredictable and in the book all the nail biters are actually justhear-say, as Bella (the narrator) doesn't participate in them: Bella isin the hotel while the Cullens chase James and is out cold when theydefeat him in the Ballet Studio.So when my kids told me they had to see the movie just to talkintelligently about it in school I wasn't exactly thrilled. But Iagreed with their reasoning and tried to convince myself that the moviecould only be superior to the book.In some ways the latter was confirmed. The chemistry between the twoprotagonists came across better in the movie than in the book and I wasspared some of the silly details of Bella's homely life. They alsoadded the chase and fight scenes that the book only thinly narrates.But, boy could this have been a better movie with the right writing anddirecting. Why not take the main ideas that make this story new andmake something thought-provoking and fun out of it? So, vampires liveamong us and they are strong, fast and beautiful and of course havemany decades of life's experiences. They can opt not to be bad, butit's a tough choice. They can fall in love, even with a human. Themonumental struggle and life-altering decision-making process in such apartnership, peppered with external adversities from narrow-mindedhumans or the carnivorous branch of the vampire species could have beenvery meaningful and entertaining.But instead the director cashed in on the book's main draw for themostly female teenage audience: A gorgeous male lead with superhumanpowers and a riveting background who falls unconditionally in love witha 'normal' girl. This girl is envied by her peers for making such acatch and is cherished, guided and protected by her 'hero'. Theintelligence of the dialog never gets past the levels of "I love you","I want to be with you forever" oh, yeah and "you are so beautiful".Additionally, there are many films with much lower budgets and lessknown actors but better directing, acting and editing.I am sure Catherine Hardwicke actually made the right economic choiceby staying close to the book's premise, as the current box officeresults suggest. But the large studios will hopefully not see thesuccess of the movie as an accomplishment of the director or even theauthor, but rather as an indication that they have so far under-servedthe film's main demographic group: You can still lure female teenagerswith Cinderella stories, the more fantastic the better - just make sureyou cast a stunner as the prince.