*A bit of a late review, since I saw this on opening day, but I wantedto get my opinion out on my new account.* I liked the Twilight book. It was a little flawed, but it's Godcompared to the film. I don't know what the critics mean when they sayit will "please the die-hard fans". Well, I am a fan, and I wasn'tpleased. It's not because I'm hard to please, even though I am, it'sjust because the movie sucked.I am not going to discuss the plot, it's about love and vampires, but Iwill discuss the film's strengths and weaknesses. One of the mainweaknesses is the leads. Kristen Stewart is quite bland as Bella. Herface is expressionless throughout the majority of the film, and I didnot believe her undying love for Edward. Robert Pattinson is, at times,good as Edward, however, his British accent comes through at parts, andhe appears to be trying too hard at times.The digital effects are easily the biggest problem. They were verypoorly done. The scenes where the vampires are supposed to be runningextremely fast, their feet aren't even touching the ground. It justcame off as cheesy and I found myself laughing at parts.Now, the film's strength comes from the secondary characters. The bestwere easily Charlie and Mike Newton. Billy Burke, as Bella's fatherCharlie, is nothing like the character in the book, but he hadimpeccable timing and he was easily the best character in the movie.Mike Newton was hilarious, his booty dance outside the café stole thewhole show.Edward's family, the Cullens, are more interesting than Edward himself.Carlisle is a bit flat at times, in my opinion, but did a prettyrespectable job for what he was given to work with. Esme was very warmand is pretty much everything I imagined her to be. Rosalie isconsiderably bitchy, and I thought Nikki Reed did a great job. Emmettwas not at all how I pictured him, but he was likable. Alice and Jasperare both terrific, though unfortunately underused. Since they are giventhe least lines, they don't have to utter such hideous dialogue as muchas the others.In the end, the film is unsatisfying and not faithful enough to thebook. Hopefully for New Moon, they will flesh out the characters moreand increase the budget so the visuals aren't as corny. I'd say waitfor a rental.