And, if you have read the book, then maybe you shouldn't bother theneither, but for different reasons. Those who haven't read the bookmight get confused, or in the case of my friend, annoyed at theinconsistencies. Some of those inconsistencies wouldn't be a problem ifshe had read the book. A person shouldn't have to read the book a moviewas based on in order to be entertained, or to know what on earth wasgoing on. Those who have read the book will most likely bedisappointed, unless you're a tween girl fascinated by Rob Pattinson.No offense tweenies, I was there at one time, too, and I do remember .. .I've read all four books and took a friend who hasn't read them. I wasbored and I knew the story! You can only imagine how painful it was formy friend to sit through the picture. I had hopes (not high ones) thatthe picture would take care of the things in the books that I found sounessential and annoying to read (disclaimer - I'm not her targetaudience in fiction, so not surprising I had difficulty with areas ofthe books). Stephanie Meyers created an intriguing and wonderfulfantasy world, and though her characters aren't deep and rich, they'restill engaging. The script for this picture failed to capture what'sinteresting about Edward and Bella's relationship as well as thefantastical world in which they dwell. The dialogue completely fails.It's choppy and unnatural, except for three or four lines scatteredthroughout.It's a shame director Hardwicke chose to hang onto large panning shots-by the 20th one, we didn't care! Good film storytelling would haveestablished the world and hinted at the conflict in the first 30minutes, then hit the ground running with the baseball scene (where inthe book, everyone's roles are firmly established and the conflictbegins full throttle). Instead, my friend and I had to sit through anhour and forty minutes of melodramatic dreft before the conflict trulybegan and by then, we didn't care - though by then I was thankful thatI had read the book. My friend was ready to leave - but she toughed itout.The actors all did fine work, more so since they didn't have goodmaterial with which to work. They definitely earned their pay, as wellas the adoration that's being sent their way (more than likely though,the adoration is not for their fine acting talents).Finally, a note to the writer and director - if you have to resort tovoice over, neither one of you has done your storytelling jobs.