NOTE: This review is the fair and unbiased opinion of someone withextremely little knowledge of the Twilight series. I watched the moviewith a few die hard fans who I talked to after the movie, and I willwork some of their thoughts into the review.Another much loved book series has been brought to life in the form ofTwilight, which despite having nothing in common with the Harry Potterseries, will undoubtedly draw comparisons because of the furor andcraze surrounding it. The main difference between the two, however, isthat the Harry Potter films are generally good and solid films.Twilight, despite having done a couple things right, is not.As a story, I will admit, Twilight is very catchy and interesting. NowI see what all the hype is about. If I was a young girl, I would gonuts over this stuff too. It's not just a vampire and a human fallingin love with each other, but because of the two leads, it's one of thebest on screen romances of the decade. This, however, is severely hurtby the fact that Twilight boasts easily some of the worst writing andediting I've ever seen. Let's not forget about the horrid VFX and pastymakeup, either. It's one of the cheesiest films of the year, and candefinitely be put in the category of "so bad it's ALMOST good". Yes, Ijust invented that category.The 'allure' of the film appears to be the character played by RobertPattinson, who ironically was previously known for his role in theHarry Potter series. Pattinson succeeded there and he more thansucceeds again, as he more than fit the bill for what he needed to dowith the character. Most actors would believe the only requirement ofthe character is to be good looking, but Pattinson takes it a stepfurther and makes Edward Cullen very likable, trustworthy, and in theend, a good hero for the audience. Kristen Stewart is sort of the queenof not showing facial expressions, so she's perfect for the role of theawkward teen Bella Swann. However, there were sometimes where her lackof emotion bothered me.Our supporting players...Well, none of them are noteworthy likePattinson is. The villain of the film is lame, cheesy, and played by anactor I can't take seriously. Nikki Reed is probably the best asRosalie, Edward's 'sister', and the antagonistic vibe felt from heradds a different side to the movie.Okay, I don't really know what possessed the writer of this screenplayto make it so horrible (was it the source material?), because thedialog is just so bad that I laughed at serious moments. There's a lotof intentional humor, mostly in the beginning when Bella and Edwardfeel like awkward teens in love. I guess the movie moved along okay,because I wasn't bored at all. I was either laughing at how stupid thedialog was, laughing at some of the mildly funny jokes, or gettingpulled in by the electric chemistry between Stewart and Pattinson.That, folks, is the reason most people will be able to sit through thismovie. The chemistry between the two leads, romantically and sexually,is amazing. In this respect, Pattinson and Stewart are perfectly castand it makes me wonder if they could end up together in real life someday. I was very surprised by how much I liked seeing their one on onescenes, as cheesy and bad as the VFX and editing are.As far as these visual effects go, I've seen a few vampire movies in myday. I'm going to assume director Catherine Hardwicke has seen a few.Well, she needs to watch a few more. Her fight scenes are horriblychoreographed, terribly shot, and lack the intensity required tosuccessfully rouse her audience. I could almost notice the wires theactors flew across on. I noticed a ton of errors with the editing aswell, such as basic stuff like mouths moving and no words coming out,and words coming out when no mouths were moving. The fight scene at theend has wicked bad editing too, as the sound mixing also suffers aswell.All in all, with Twilight, as bad a movie as it may be, I couldn't helpbut stay interested in it because of the electric chemistry between theleads. That alone kept me in the seat the whole time. It is technicallyone of the worst films of the year, but the entertainment factor in theabove respect keeps it out of the company of movies like Disaster Movieand College. I was actually lucky to see it with some of the fans ofthe book, and all of them (5) described the movie as a 'disappointment'and that the film went 'half way' with some subplots, either startingand dropping them, or randomly starting them halfway through anindividual subplot. They were not happy at all with this movie, butagreed on one thing: Robert Pattinson was the perfect Edward Cullen.I'll agree with them on all those points and say that Twilight isexactly what I thought it would be: so bad it's ALMOST good.