Okay, just got out of theatre and let me begin by saying I am a highschool girl who went in a big group of friends. I have read all thebooks and was just interested in seeing how they adapted the story tofilm (1), and also how well the film by itself as just a movie (2).1) Adaptation: almost spot on. In essence, the movie stuck close to thebook and probably pleased the series fanatics as far as storyline. Thepart of the adaptation that I felt was off was the casting, as manypeople have commented on. The movie didn't feel: intimate, romantic,fairytale-like, whirlwind, passionate, etc. Aka all the adjectives thatdescribe the books and make them so popular. The characters for themost part "looked" the role, but not all of them carried it out. Robertwas dashingly handsome (although, not what I pictured in my mind), andit seemed like he had a good chance of taking the role to the nextlevel. Unfortunately, I think I would like him better if he just frozewith his Ray-Bans on in his suit...because that would be moreentertaining than the way he delivered his lines. Bella was another bigproblem. Kristen perfectly looked the role but she came out being coldinstead of passionate, unemotional instead of head-over-heels lustingafter this guy.2)As a movie I can say this honestly stunk. :( It moved along choppily,the film editing was all wrong, the soundtrack was wack, and the actingwas just not there. Apart from knowing and loving these characters, ifyou have not read the book you will be asking yourself why there is a90 minute movie focused on these characters. The build-up, turningpoint, climax, and resolution were all weak. It is never a good signwhen the sold out theatre is laughing at all the wrong times. One topoint out would have to be Edward's "constipation" reaction when hefirst sees Bella. I know that the reaction is hard to convey on filmbut..come on.So there it is. Love the books. From page to film this was a wastedopportunity. The intention was there but the vision was not.