To be honest, I was extremely disappointed with the way this movieturned out.The hype for it was monumental and I am a die-hard fan of the seriesmyself so I expected a lot from it. I'm still in shock with howfantastically horrible it turned out.The acting, for one, has to be the worst I have ever seen. RobertPatterson was supposedly perfect for the part of Edward, but not onlywas he not handsome enough to be Edward but he completely butchered allthe lines that Edward had in the novel. His voice was too slow andhesitant, whereas Edward was supposed to be composed and highlyintelligent. The changes that he underwent in the novel were not at allapparent once they were transferred to the screen. As for the part ofBella, Kristen Stewart suited Bella very well physically, but when itcame to acting she also fell short. Her speech was consistentlymonotone and both her and Edward had a problem with saying the word"um" or pausing abruptly when there should be lines filled with quirkysayings or questions that they throw at each other. Most of the otheractors were actually okay, but the lack of skill portrayed by the twomain stars completely ruined the movie for me.The scenes were also very different from the book. Perhaps showingmultiple scenes of the mountains and the lake and trees was theDirector's way of distracting the viewer from the horrendous slaughterof the Twilight novel that this movie was? Not only was the high schoola LARGE high school, unlike that in the book, but very few scenes tookplace in there. No lunchroom chats between Bella and Edward took placeexcept for one short one while standing in line. The Biology scenewhere they meet was excessively melodramatic and almost sickening inits portrayal of their initial reactions to each other. The majority ofthe scenes took place in the surrounding forest, which honestly did notplay a large part in the book. Plenty of other scenes are butchered bythis movie, but the worst one of all was the field scene where Bellaand Edward were to have their first date. Rather then make it asromantic and planned as they had it in the story, they introduce thisscene by having Bella somehow magically walk all the way from herschool up into the woods where she tells him that she knows he's avampire and then he drags her up to a field to show her what he lookslike in the light. They have a short confrontation (that does followthe lines in the book, but is acted so horrendously that I many womenin the theatre groaned with dismay) in which Edward pulls a tree up andthen they lay down (in an extremely uncomfortable and unnaturalposition) and the scene ends.The melodramatic nature of the entire movie, heightened by a score thatwas not at all suited for the true nature of Twilight, was a completemood-killer. Even the action scenes were very old-fashioned and couldhave been done with better technology and filming. Overall, it was ahuge letdown. I have to say that I don't think I'll ever be able toread Twilight again. This movie is, without a doubt, the worst movie Ihave ever seen. Plenty of you fans can attack me for this comment, butthe simply fact of the matter is that the Twilight movie could have andshould have been so much better.