Let's face it, the movie was a total let down. I had low expectations.Extremely low but the movie disappointed me even then. The amazing lovestory we all read in the books was transformed into a whiny preteennightmare. There was chemistry between Robert and Kristen, there is nodenying that, but I didn't feel the need that is in the books. They aresupposed to be I-can't-live-without-you, take-me-forever,I'm-devoted-to-you-always in love (Unless you want to count that oneincident in Eclipse, but let's face it, most of us don't) but all I sawwas a bored vampire and an indifferent girl.The one thing that made me most angry was the complete disregard forthe meadow scene. It is a VERY important part in the book where theypretty much declare themselves to each other. This meadow scene lastedall of 10 seconds and consisted of them staring at each other. Theychanged around the timing of the movie so much that it almost made nosense. Lets face it, the book was a good story but the writing wasn'tup to par. It was pretty much written to be turned into a movie and thescreenwriter obviously didn't realize that.Sure, Robert was smoking hot (don't lie, you saw the ray bands) but hisperformance of Edward was terrible. The first time Bella walked intothe Biology class, I laughed at his expression as did most people inthe theater (some of them were too busy squealing). His badly-coveredup English accent was also laughable.Jasper was perfect, the person that made me laugh during the moviebecause if you looked, not at where the camera was focused, in mostscenes you could see him lurking in the background and I think it fithis character well. Carlisle was cast to a T as were Esme, Jessica,Rosalie, Emmett and Alice. They all fit their parts well even if Iimagined Alice a little bouncier, Emmett a little bigger and Rosalie abit more bitchy.Oh, the camera work. I'm not denying it, I liked the flickers betweenscenes at times but after a while, it can give you a headache. Theinsane closeups did NOT do what they were supposed to (show theintensity) instead they made me where they were half the time andrealize how much makeup the actors where wearing. Every time there wasa close up on Robert, it was totally obvious he was wearing contacts.Seriously, look for the line.The one thing that was actually done really well was the climax withthe ballet studio and James. The fight scene was pretty cool and Itotally believed that James wanted to kill Bella right there. But, withevery up there is a down. After James is killed and They are takingcare of Bella, why couldn't Edward have been more upset? It's writtenright in the book that he all but cries when he sees her.The movie was hyped up to an extreme so it was obvious it would be alet down, I just didn't know how bad it actually was. I don't get whythey couldn't do little things that would have made it a bit better;The biology class incident? Bella wearing blue? Why the hell did Jameshave to bite her arm instead of her hand? Would that have been SO hardto change? All in all, go see it if you are a Twilight fan but beweary. If you aren't, stay away because you will not understand a thingthat is going on. As I said in my title, somewhere, Edwards is rollingover in his hypothetical coffin (yes I know they don't sleep incoffins, or sleep period for that matter, but that's why it'shypothetical)