I hated "Twilight". It was ten bucks and two hours of my life I willnever get back. I am not a fan of the books, but I do not have anyproblem with Stephenie Meyer. In a way, I even feel sorry for her, eventhough she is making a bundle off this dismal movie. I have a feeling "Twilight" will be a "flash in the pan". It isimmensely popular right now, but I seriously doubt it will sustain itspopularity. This is the sad part for Meyer; she's a passing fad. I amsure this horrible movie, and the almost inevitable horrible sequels itwill spawn will be the only time Meyer's work finds its way to thesilver screen.Her series will not be remade like Marvel Comics films "Hulk" and "ThePunisher". After this, that's it. She had one shot and now it's gone toHell. I cannot understand anyone who tries to defend the "Twilight"movie. My guess is they must be die-hard fans of the book and can'tstand to admit to themselves how bad the movie sucked.I think the decision to put Catherine Hardwicke in the director's chairwas a huge mistake. If the book had detailed Bella's exploits ofpromiscuous sex and intravenous drug use maybe she would have been morein her element, but it didn't. She makes a complete and total mess ofthis movie.Robert Pattinson was absolutely horrendous as Edward Cullen. Neverbefore have I ever seen such melodramatic, wooden acting. All I can sayis he better have a financial planner, because he'll have to figure outhow to stretch his "Twilight" paycheck the rest of his life. I foreseethe acting roles drying up real quick once the hype dies down for"Twilight". He may have played a vampire in this movie, but he wouldhave been better suited to play Frankenstein with the size of thathead! Either that or he could be a stand-in for Robin Williams withthose super hairy arms he's sporting.Seriously, how did he get the part? Was he truly the best they couldfind? I sincerely doubt it. Even the fans admitted he was miscast,initially anyway. It was only after the decision to cast him hadalready been made that they decided to "accept" him. At that point, didthey really have any other choice? They were hoping for the best, butthey should have expected the worst because that's exactly what theygot.Kristen Stewart was equally bad as Bella Swan. She could not evencomplete a sentence without stammering or scoffing, it was painful towatch how horribly inarticulate she made her character. There wasnothing remotely endearing or interesting about Bella, at least the wayshe portrayed her. I don't know what she was going for here, butwhatever it was she failed miserably.There was nothing spectacular about any of the other performanceseither. The only actor in the movie who did a halfway decent job wasCam Gigandet. Other than that, this movie was a complete waste of time.I would give it a "0" out of 10, but the lowest it will let you rate isa "1". The cinematography is a joke. What is with all the close-ups andspinning shots? It is jarring and it doesn't look attractive. The filmis also very choppy and you don't feel like you're watching a movie,but rather a series of vignettes. It is absolutely horrible! It lookslike they just threw it together at the last minute or something. Donot waste your time or money on this. It is not even worth the rental.Skip it and save yourself the bother.