The only thing I felt was right about this movie: the actors kind ofresembled what the characters should have looked like.The only performance I enjoyed was Charlie. I personally always thoughtof Charlie as a more rounded person, but I adjusted to a slimmerversion (makes sense seeing as Bella is slim...but then again allCharlie does is fish, watch T.V. and sit at the police station sincethere's no problems in Forks. Makes me feel like he would have a slowmetabolism). I actually believed the words coming out of Charlie'smouth when he said them.I expected more out of Kristen (Bella). I figured Rob (Edward) wouldruin the movie, I came prepared for that. What I did not expect wasSteward's inability to complete a sentence (any one else notice how shestarted and interrupted her lines with a lot of scoffing andstuttering? Note the hospital scene: "Wh- what? What...uh what are yousaying? Like- wh- like what are you even saying? I don't- don't...idon't even know what you're saying" (Neither do we Kristen) ).And Rob lived up to my extremely low expectations. He tried too hard.That's an understatement. He tried so hard that I felt the veins in myforehead about to burst. Every scene between him and Steward isawkward. Were they going for awkward? Because that's what it was. Thebook's charm was truly absent in this movie. Perhaps Meyer's talent andvision is something no one else can try to reproduce on screen. Alice was mediocre. She's supposed to be more bubbly. And she wouldhave never let Bella go to prom in that blue JC Penny dress with thegrandma sweater. And why is Victoria showing up at a high school prom?She's supposed to be licking her wounds and planning her next attack ofrevenge, not watching Edward and Bella dance!The rest of the vampires didn't get enough screen time for me to reallyjudge them. Like I said, they looked the part. But so did the leadingroles, until they opened their mouths.It's a shame that the books that I have come to love were portrayedlike this. I have waited for months, checking Meyer's website daily forany new clips, interviews...anything! And it came down to me and my nothappy b/f shaking our heads sadly when we should have been in completeawe.The only thin worse than this was watching Hayden Chrisensen play anemotional Anakin...Jedis don't cry, you wuss.