The only reason I never read Twilight when it first came out, longbefore it was popular, was because I read a book review stating that itwas a clichéd and traditional?two things that I hate more thananything. The only reason I watched the movie was so I could actuallyunderstand what the vast majority of America was talking about whenthey raved about it. I came with low expectations and an open mind. Ireassured myself, after all, I do enjoy love stories when they'reoriginal and memorable, so this couldn't be too bad, right? Three hourslater, I left the theater feeling as if I was just released from atorture device and struggled desperately to my car on weak legs thatjust walked through hell on earth. Is my last sentence melodramatic?Maybe, but compared to the cheesy melodrama that IS the plot ofTwilight, me sitting through that atrocious movie looks downrightlife-or-death.From the first scene to the last, at least 1/3 of every scene in themovie is filled with nothing but characters staring at each other or atvarious things. I've never thought I would have to sit here andactually type up a complete paragraph complaining about the amount ofstaring in a movie, but, folks, the day has come. Bella meets Edward:they don't talk, they literally just stare. The vampire plot point isreveled: they stare. Bella is in a life-or-death situation: she staresat whatever is about to kill her. At one point, a car is ready to crushher, and what does she oh-so-realistically do? Stare at it.The acting is that hilariously bad. During the majority of the movieBella has a look on her face that is a mix between being high andhaving an orgasm?while staring. Edward, despite what the horny pre-teengirls (and middle-aged women) want to believe, is a walkingself-parody. Cheesy lines (that he repeats over and over again),unintentionally cheesy lines ("I'm so hot, and that makes me a perfectkiller!"), and did I mention he's supposedly hundreds of years old yethe still acts like an angsty-creepy-weird-virgin-guy? So, how was the story? It's based on a novel, so it has to have a plot,right? Wrong. Put simply, vampire romance is the most unoriginal ideaever to hit literature. Not to mention movies like Near Dark and Letthe Right One In already beat the overused plot bloody on the bigscreen. Essentially, Twilight in one line is: boy and girl fall inlove, boy must sacrifice everything for girl as she sits there like apretty Barbie doll (and Kristen Stewart isn't even much to look athere), then they both commit. And while you're watching it, it seemseven less interesting than that. There is zero entertainment valueunless you're a hopelessly horny female who humps her pillow withimages of Edward in her head, or you're a hopelessly pathetic male whojust wants to impress his girlfriend because he can relate to a"emotional love story". I can't comment on the former, but, seriously,I'm a guy who likes love stories and this is NOT a love story. It's atraditionalist middle school English essay with flat characters and noplot other than: put two horny kids together, but appeal to the "dark"crowd by making it a vampire story . . . without even showing fangs.Other dishonorable mentions: 1) Twilight = Napoleon Dynamite - thehumor + stupid subplots 2) The "Restrain yourself, Edward, don't suckher blood!" scene brings unintentional cheese to a new level 3) Themovie never ends; two hours seems like eternity (in hell) 4) Baseballdoesn't make edge-of-your-seat action 5) There is no action 6) Thereare no real vampires unless you count pretty-boys 7) Stephanie Myerscompletely screws up the vampire myths I almost feel sorry for Catherine Hardwicke. She's an amazing director,and she singlehandedly turned this stupid crap-fest into a well-donemovie on a technical level, and everything else was out of her hands.But who would honestly turn down the money this movie would bring in? Idon't blame her, I blame Stephanie Myers.I also feel sorry for the countless people who watch this and thinkit's a quality love story, thus never being exposed to the true lovestories out there. What is Twilight? A horny, unoriginal, childishfantasies put into a movie. That, like always, wins mass reader, andnow viewer, acclaim. I just wish one day popular fiction wasn't asynonym for retard fiction.0/10