With few redeeming qualities, I've never wanted to walk out on a showso much in my life. From horrible acting and dialog to the worst soundtrack since the 70's, this film left much to be desired. When I first heard about production of this movie I completely expectedthat it would deviate from the book. Honestly movies have to, it's justa fact. I understand the need for more action when most of the book issimply Bella's thoughts regarding the events around her. But, the maintheme of the books (the love story between Edward and Bella) was almostcompletely left out! To a viewer who has not read the book thefull-of-holes love story is confusing and completely unbelievable. Thelack of development of their relationship makes it appear that the twosimply hung out in the woods once or twice after school. This film was trying to be too mainstream tween. The use of the lingo,fashion, lack or morality, and trends took away the more timelessappeal of the books and raised a lot of eyebrows. To name a few: Edwardsuddenly appears in Bella's room when she's dressed in a t-shirt andunderwear? Yet she isn't phased by this and they have their first kiss(after he stalker-ishly tells her that he's been in her room watchingher sleep every night for 3 months). Guess Bella isn't quite as shy andself conscious as we thought (or as much as the average teen age girl).Shouldn't the way he's leering at her in her underwear and telling herthat he's obsessed raised a few red flags? Get out that pepper spray,Bella! His actions made sense in the book but are just plain creepyhere. Jessica is practically falling out of her prom dress, yet Bellalets her know that's a great selling point. Billy is "just keepin' itreal". That did make me laugh, but the kids from Forks were reallyirritating. Robert Pattison's acting was alright half the time, but the other halfhis speech was so dazed and slow that he sounded mentally disabled.Kristen Stewart's acting was okay but would have greatly been benefitedby a good script. The dialog sounded poorly edited---like a few goodsound bites had been inserted here or there for effect but theycouldn't really get to the heart of what they were supposed to besaying. I felt like I was watching "The Dueling Cavalier" before thesound editing overhaul in "Singing in the Rain".The music was unbelievably awful! Between the Simon and Garfunkleimitations and the guitar laden background music during the actionsequences, the music just didn't fit! I'm not even going to get started on the horrible specialeffects---I'll attribute that to the low budget this film had.What's with the sudden fascination with spider-monkeys? Guess "Jazz"and "Nessie" weren't such weird nicknames after all. . .That all being said, I did like a few things. I enjoyed thecharacterization and portrayal of Charlie and James. The baseball scenewas fun! The prom (excluding the improportionate length of the scene,and the part where Victoria shows up???) was an awwww moment. Parts ofthe scene at the Cullens house were funny/cute. Did I mention thatCharlie and James were great?...Anyhow, this movie bothered me so much that now I can't sleep. Hope thefilmmakers can't either. My only hope is that this movie will makeenough money to have a decent enough budget for "New Moon" that goodproducers, directors, scriptwriters, etc. can be hired.