I absolutely hated this movie. I went in prepared and fully aware thatit wasn't going to be like the book and that they were going to changeit so it was more adaptable to the film. I didn't really have any highexpectations, I just wanted to see some parts of to life or at leastattempt to come to life. I was utterly "mouth dropping" disappointed. Idon't know how Stephenie Meyer could have let this even happen to herprecious story. There was no character construction, you didn't connectwith the characters and this has nothing to do with casting for theactors. I don't even blame it on the director. THERE WAS NOOOOOOOOOOOOSUBSTANCE AT ALL!!! You didn't feel any connection with the love story.Events meshed in and clashed due to wrong timing and placement ofscenes. Crucial scenes were left out for useless scenes ( fieldtrip?!?!?!?!) Even though the scenery was breathtaking they could havecut out at least 40 minutes of it to develop the storyline better. Theykilled the story. It was horrible just plain horrible. This was worsethan adaptation of Harry Potter. I was disappointed when i first sawHarry Potter, even though i accepted that it would not be the same andstill enjoyed the movie. This is on a whole new story. At least HarryPotter made you feel like it was the essence of the story still therejust cut short. Twilight was just like seeing two strangers that haveno real established connection no relationship (They don't even have afriendship) and then suddenly they are together and now they are tryingto save this girl who doesn't even seem like is in that much danger tothe very end. I laughed in some parts but then there were parts whereit was not meant to be funny and they tried too hard to turn thesituation into a comical moment. Also the fact that inconsiderate fangirls were cheering for everyuseless pathetic scene in that movie didn't help to get into it. Howcan you call yourself a fan of the series if the essence of it wasnever even portrayed. Even if it wasn't close to the movie at leastshow some bonding of characters. I don't know how anyone who claims tobe a fan of the book can enjoy this movie without cringing at the factthat they ruined the most basic story. Again, I am not talking aboutthe actors' performance nor the directing. I'm talking about thebeautiful aching and pain of the story. The soul of the story was neverthere. Will not go to another premier of any further movies. Will considergoing to other movies but only to go see some the "story parts" beingvisualized. If you disagree, that is completely fine! To each theirown! All i know is i love the book and will always love it but thismovie killed me tonight!