I am a Twi-Hard. Ever since I started reading the Twilight Series, Iwas hooked. And when I found out there was a movie, I went through theroof. For the past six months, my time has been consumed researchingeverything Twilight. And the weeks leading up to the movie, I wasextremely anxious for the movie to come out. Last night, November 21st,I went to go see it with a friend. I was excited. I was about toexplode. I had never been more excited for anything in my life. I couldjust not believe I was going to see Twilight. But to tell the truth...It wasn't as I expected. It lost the magic. I didn't get excited whenthey kissed. It was a great film. Amazing, in some ways. I know thatmovies can never match up to any book, but I walked in with very highexpectations. They made too big a deal over the release of this movie.They got Twi-Hards like me pumped up for the 21st. To start, the facialexpressions were hilarious. Edward's reaction to Bella in the Chemistryroom was funny. Jasper's face was exact... he really looked like he wasin pain. Edward was intense. His expressions were laughable. Rosalie,Emmett, Alice, Esme, and Carlisle fit the characters. When Edwardrevealed his glitter-clad self to Bella in the meadow, I laughed. WhenJames bit Bella, and Edward was sucking out the venom, I was hystericalwhen he couldn't stop. His face was the most amusing thing I have everseen. The facial expressions were the funniest part of the movie. Ihave no complaints about James, Victoria, or Laurent. Jacob, however...Catherine Hardwicke didn't make him the center of how Bella found outEdward was a vampire. I didn't want to look at his face because thehairline of his wig made him look like a moron. I love Jacob. I am TeamJacob. And I can't wait for New Moon when he shaves his head. I thinkit was great that Stephenie Meyer had a very small role in the movie.If you didn't catch it, watch it again, and look in the diner scenes.The fight scene was the best. Even though I had watched it 20+ times onyou-tube, I still cringed when James bit Bella, and sent Edward flyingacross the room. The teenagers at Forks High School were cast (casted?)well.I miss all the things they could have put in. They went from "Hi, I'mBella Swan!" to "I love you, I'd rather die than be without you." in 20minutes. They cut out the interrogations. The original meadow scene andkiss was missing. I find it ironic that the Cullen's house was the onlyplace they didn't have to hide and could be themselves, yet it was madecompletely of glass. The scene where they took blood samples wasunfortunately gone. The part before prom where Tyler calls from Bella'shouse was never filmed. A lot of the great parts of the book werereplaced.The ending was my favorite. It made the audience realize that they weremaking New Moon into a movie.Don't get me wrong. I loved this movie. I just believe it could havebeen so much better. I will, no doubt, go again in three weeks. I willbuy it on DVD. Because it was a great movie. And partially because it'spart of the Twilight Experience.