Good adaptation? Excellent movie? I hope those of you writing thesereviews never watch another movie again. I'm marking it as "spoiler"because it MIGHT contain some small ones, but if you go see this movie,it's already spoiled, rotted, and dessicated without any help from me.This movie stank. It was inept on almost every level. The acting wasmediocre at best, the characters were poorly developed, the camera workwas painful at times, the effects were laughably bad, the wirework isthe worst I've ever seen, and the whole story is so ludicrous that Iwanted to rip my hair out.First off, these aren't vampires. Dracula was a vampire. These"vampires" have almost nothing in common aside from drinking blood andbeing immortal and...wait, that's it. They walk in the daylight (andooh! They sparkle, because teenie girls love sparkles!), they don'thave fangs, they don't sleep in coffins, turn into bats, don't have anaversion to silver or garlic, walk over running water, don't mindcrosses...the list goes on. Some of that is forgivable, but all of it?Nope. This is yet another pop-culture pussification of vampires,turning them into something ludicrous and throwing almost all themythology out the window. Give me a nightwalking, bloodsucking, evilminion of the devil any day of the week. Don't call the Twilight"vampires" by that name because, quite frankly, they're not.Was the director of this movie high the whole time? Did she bother totry directing the actors, much less go over their dialog and realizethat no normal human being would talk like that? The culmination of thetwo would be Bella blubbering in bed at the end for Edward to not leaveher. I almost burst out laughing, but by then my soul had been sappedto the point that I thought laughter would be impossible. And I thinkher only direction for the vampires was, "Okay, ready, set, ACTION!Okay guys, SMOLDER! SMOLDER! SMOLDER!", because that's about the extentof the vampire "acting" in this movie. Lots of smoldering looks andvery little else. And couldn't she have made sure the effects weren'tawful? Seriously, who could have seen the fast vampire effect andthought it looked better than Scifi channel original movie effects? Didthe director blow all the budget on crack to use while she was makingthis? And what was with the horrid wirework? Seriously. Watch Edwardjumping from his window to the tree outside and see how he moves in aperfectly straight line. Watch the bad vampire jump over Bella andwatch how his trajectory dips, then arcs UP, then drops in front ofher. It's unbelievable. And did anyone else notice how the camera-workin the woods when Bella says she knows that Edward is a vampire waspointless and utterly distracting? Sorry, but that's not a good way toconvey what was happening. Try again. Oh, wait, the studio decided youcouldn't. Sorry.Why the heck is Edward so dreamy? He's a creepy stalker! He sneaks intoBella's room at night and watches her sleep? Oooh, so romantic! I sneakinto a girl's room at night to watch her sleep? Pepper spray, a boot tothe balls, and lots of community service. He follows her aroundwherever she goes? Nah, not stalking at all. He's just enamored withher and it's sooo dreamy! What a hairy load. Setting aside his savingher life twice (a contrivance so they can speed things up and theydon't have to make them fall in love the old fashioned way), Edwardcould do anything to her and it would be so wonderful. I cannotunderstand that. Maybe that's why so many women will date total jerksand excuse everything they do. It explains a lot, actually.Sorry, but his movie is crap. Those who love it are likely so whippedup into a fervor about the book being turned into a movie that they'dwatch anything with Edward in it. It could be Hostel 3: Vampire Stylewith Edward ripping limbs off of Bella in a bloodbath and it would bewonderful to them. Girls, I know you're obsessed with this fictionalcharacter in ways that only hardcore comic book nerds could ever hopeto match, but please, step out of that bubble and actually WATCH themovie. Please. We don't need any more lazy, crappy cinema staining themultiplex screens. There's enough of that coming out of Hollywood thesedays. My wife loves the books (and I get to hear all aboutthem...groan), but at least she's not so wrapped up in it that shecouldn't admit the movie sucked. She's at least got that going for her.Other fans with claw your eyes out if you dare speak ill of it. Makesme wanna puke.