This is just one person's opinion. No need to get angry, in fact I'dlike you to convince me I'm wrong.The movie is missing the magic. Edward appeared on screen and Iswooned. He opened his mouth and I cringed. Edward is strong andconfident. He wasn't a whiney, smitten child. In love yes, but broodingand in pain. Bella was delicate, not just dry and indifferent. ThisBella lacked emotion maybe even a soul-who is she? She didn't feel likethe yearning, thoughtful Bella I had imagined. I wished she needed tobe protected. This version can take care of her own business--and I'mnot sure how bad she wants to be with Edward, or why for that matter.Maybe if she narrated her emotions would have been more pronounced.Don't get me wrong, the actors' chemistry is very evident, they shouldget married and have melodramatic children. But was the film fromBella's perspective or not? The changing pov was off-putting. This filmproves that Meyer's pages and pages are what bring this story andEdward and Bella's love to life.The TONE was completely lost in the book to script to screentranslation. The story is supposed to be a song that takes you toanother world, one where vampires and werewolves exist. The story is anintoxicating melody. Here we're presented with a boy-band pop song sungby kids who think of themselves as classically trained Opera singers.PICK ONE. Be a chart-topping, America's Top 40 or be the haunting,dangerous lullaby I think a lot of fans were looking for.Speaking of boy band...the screen version of Jacob Black is one "ByeBye Bye" from being the lead singer inOver-Produced-Axe-Wearing-Guy-Group 2008. Jacob, in my mind, is earthy.He's a guy's guy and gets his hands dirty fixing cars and buildingstuff. Jacob always left me feeling like he was wise beyond his years,a smitten kitten of course, but I always felt that he was more dynamicthan this cute little wig-wearing version. I always felt this sense ofhistory and quiet power. This version wears Abercrombie (and randomlyappears from behind trees apparently...you'll see).The cast was quite OK for me. I did feel bad watching them try todeliver the lines they were given. I get that this is a vampire-romancemovie, but honestly. The script is dripping in gooey, sticky, melted,mixed cheeses. OK, so it's fantastical, but to slap me in the face withGouda and Brie every other frame is just insulting. Cheese aside, Charlie was great. His timing was spot on. Carlisleplayed the part, but the caked-on white makeup so completelydistracting. Esme-- I wanted to crawl up onto her lap and have her tellme bedtime stories. Love it. Alice... that's her on that screen. Alittle bouncier and she's perfect. Jasper-- freakishly creepy andpained, loved it. When he comes out of his shell and plays more thanthe wide-eyed silent sidekick, I'm all over it. Those who doubted Reedneed to reconsider. Rosalie is freaking hot and one sassy vamp.Emmett...holy crap, on the money (call me). Jessica is the best castingjob in life...Mike, however...really?I know that this is just a movie. Film is a different medium thanbooks. We get to create the world from a book but people get tointerpret for us on screen, I know. I just wish it wasn't so far offbase for me. I wanted nothing more than to enjoy it. I think I'm goingto remember the series the way I imagined it and set this versionaside. My oil canvas painting to their Polaroid. Who's melodramatic now? This girl.Here's hopping they make a choice for the next one: teen scene or darklove story so audiences know what they're getting into. Teenie Boppersare quite loyal, perhaps bubblegum will beef up their box office.