Watched this topical Baz Luhrmann extravaganza in a plain 2D version,adapted from a world- famous classic, the daunting comparison ispredestined, lucky me for being completely oblivious of the originalnovel and its earlier cinema adaption, so I feel privileged to take mypleasure from viewing this film without being nettled by anypremeditated notions whatsoever, blessing the ignorance! Zero expectation does assuage the nitpicking impulse, this period filmestablishes its unparalleled visual spectacle which its additionalcharge of a 3D fee could be considerably goaded, it has been the firsttime I wish I could watched it with the unease gizmo since INCEPTION(2010, 9/10). The upbeat Hip-Hop infused party music and retro-inducedmelancholiac strains (now I can not get Lana Del Rey's YOUNG ANDBEAUTIFUL out of my mind) is another novelty rarely being presented ina period drama, Luhrmann again victoriously testifies himself is themaestro of contemporary cinema's flamboyance and garishness (withoutany pejorative overtone). The long-time-no-see former Spidey Tobey Maguire (who is still able topass off as a twenty- some due to his perpetual baby-face) is thenarrator of an ill-fated love story, and surprisingly he does occupysuch a lengthy screen time, even outstays DiCaprio's Gatsby. He is theobserver, the bystander and a useful buffer between Gatsby and Daisy,Luhrmann and his co-writer Craig Pearce intentionally sacrifice hispersonal life (no relationship entanglement at all) to intensify hisunspeakable admiration towards Gatsby (a bromance in the period time?),he is the one who is captivated by Gatsby's beguiling friendship, hisgrandstanding lifestyle and the money to sustain all these grandiosityand opulence. Maguire is impeccable as a wide-eyed third wheel, asurviver who is destined to tell the tale. Then comes the problematic couple, Gatsby and Daisy, both beingintroduced under the heightened and pompous settings, Mulligan's Daisyis first seen by her slender legs swinging with curtains flutteringaround, a spoiled flapper subordinated by male chauvinism (whosincerely hope her young daughter would be a fool since it is theperfect niche for a girl). Gatsby, whose front officially beingspotlighted during the lavish party, with tender golden light lingersmuch longer than it should be, DiCaprio's over-familiar persona almostprompts me into laughter. Both thespians are impassioned with the bestthey can offer, their first meeting in the film is a marvelous romanticgambit, and Baz still gets it! I must be too optimistic to say DiCaprio may stand a chance to win overOscar's attention this time, his red-faced yelling outburst during theconflict is his Oscar-bait, but makes me squirm a bit, since it is hisstock antics. For Mulligan, her role has an innate defect for being thecollateral culprit of the denouement, so the misogynous judgementaside, Mulligan is praiseworthy in balancing the morally equivocalpersonality with her dainty style. My only cast gripe is theusually-outstanding Edgerton, as Daisy's gentrified husband Tom,Edgerton is too vulgar in physique and looks like a nouveau-richedoesn't tally with the chic surroundings.A few technical glitches, the editing is a shade too fast in the firsthalf, noticeably during the happy-moment sequence of the reunion, theglitz does hurt my eyes. Then near the end, the caption-floating ofFitzgerald's text is a lame maneuver, we all know there are too many totell in the book, however poetic it is, a more subtle approach isrecommended. It is an over-romanticized saga, the final telephone callgood-heartedly bookends it, even facing the demise, at least a tinge ofwarmth manages to run through our senses, one may call it oversentimental, others may refer it as poetic license, all in all, I thinkit is worth your ticket, and I cannot believe I would say that, even inthe despised 3D form.