First of all, let me say that F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby isabsolutely one of my favourite novels. Additionally, though it has beenyears since I've seen it, the Robert Redford film was brilliant and Iloved it. From the moment I saw the trailers for this version I washeavily skeptical. Heaven knows that someone like Baz Luhrmann needs tomake things flashy and extravagant and put a modern twist on a classicstory. He did some brilliant work with Romeo and Juliet nearly 20 yearsago. However, I was worried and now seeing it it has been confirmedthat his version of Great Gatsby is an excessive, chaotic, bright,jazzy mess that completely misses the entire concept of Fitzgerald'sclassic. The modern day rap music and remixes weren't awful but alsoweren't necessary either. The elaborate (and admittedly brilliantlydone) set pieces of a bizarre almost apocalyptic New York andsurrounding area seemed to just take away from a story that should beentirely character driven. The story does mostly follow Fitzgerald'sstory and yet at the same time completely misses its mark and thepacing felt off entirely. There is no doubt that The Great Gatsby isnot an action flick or anything but parts of it dragged.This is a talented group of people and yet, in my opinion, completelymiscast and that includes the legendary Leonardo DiCaprio. DiCaprio wasso miscast as Gatsby and he tries so incredibly hard that it comes offas fake. If I had to hear him excruciatingly and awkwardly say "Ol'sport" one more time I was going to scream. DiCaprio is a brilliantactor as long as he has the right role and this was not even close toright for him. He was too young (or at least baby faced), awkward anddidn't fit the bill. Same could be said for Tobey Maguire. I don't knowwhy they chose to cast these baby faced actors for the film but itdoesn't work. Maguire carries the film decently but just not goodenough. Joel Edgerton is probably the best cast in his role as theabrasive, womanizing Tom Buchanan. He is definitely the most watchableand the most convincing in his role. Carey Mulligan carries herselfwell and certainly has this subtle sexuality that is perfect for Daisyand yet the character comes across as near boring. The chemistrybetween her and DiCaprio is okay but not timeless and passionate theway it should be between Daisy and Gatsby. The cast work well togetherbut not as good as I think it should have been.The single issue with this version of The Great Gatsby is that all thisflash and jazz has been created without any thought to the true heartof the story. This story is all about greed, pride, obsession, andgluttony and the threads of each one of those is barely existent inthis story. I'm actually very surprised that the film is doing as wellas it is especially after being delayed for a year before release. Oneof the most powerful scenes in the original film was Gatsby's death andonce again it is handled well, and powerful and its also artisticallydone. I simply felt that the cast tried far too hard and came across asunconvincing and the film had more modern glitz and glam than wasnecessary. The pacing was nearly excruciating at times as it stumbledthrough an otherwise classic story. I had very low expectations goinginto this and it met those low expectations but barely and did nothingto exceed them. 4/10