The Great Gatsby is a film directed by Baz Luhrmann, and stars LeonardoDiCaprio, Tobey Maguire and Carey Mulligan. It centres around thecharacter of Nick Carraway(Maguire), a man who has moved to New York totake up a job as a bond salesman. He finds himself neighbour to a manknown as Jay Gatsby(DiCaprio), who holds extravagant, wonderful partiesevery weekend. Carraway becomes friends with Gatsby, and is asked bythe man to fulfill a set of tasks to help him with his love life.Baz Luhrmann is no stranger to extravagance. Moulin Rouge is a perfectexample of this. He loves to make energetic, wonderful films, which arecertainly exaggerated to the maximum. The Great Gatsby is no exception.Luhrmann delivers us a film which adheres to all of his traits, andbrings lots of colour to the screen. He certainly creates a visuallypleasing film here. The parties that take place within this film areall wild, huge and colourful. Talk about stylistic! Unfortunately, Ididn't enjoy all the visual effects that he implemented, and wish thatmaybe the film could have been toned down slightly. The whole scale ofit makes it hard for you to absorb yourself in these characters andtheir motivations, which makes for a less than rounded film experience.The performances are all fairly decent. DiCaprio certainly steals theshow, as he has a subtle energy about him which contrasts against theloud and obnoxious characters that surround him. Whilst his characterisn't written very well, I found that I enjoyed watching him on screen.Tobey Maguire gave a more neutral performance. I personally can't standhim doing voice overs as his voice is just too... boring! He staysconsistently uninteresting for the majority of the film, as does CareyMulligan. Her character is written poorly, and her performance doesn'thelp. She's incredibly one dimensional, sappy, predictable and plainannoying. I just couldn't help but cringe every time she was on screen.The ensemble, on the other hand, is fairly good. Joel Edgerton gives awonderful performance, as does Isla Fisher. For the most part, theperformances won't disappoint you. The whole pace of the film is incredibly slow. The film starts offenergetically, with Maguire's character getting into the details of hisstory quickly and efficiently. It's from there that the film goes fromfast and fun, to slow and sappy. The love story that emerges was sosilly and boring that I just couldn't help but lose interest. By theend of the film, none of these characters had me engaged. The GreatGatsby starts off incredibly promising, but slowly turns into apredictable, unexciting, at times corny film.In summary, I was certainly disappointed by the result of this film. Ienjoyed the first half immensely. It was Baz Luhrmann at his finest,and it showed promise for the rest of the running time. But the finalhalf of the film really lost my interest, and had me cringing atmultiple points in time. Whilst the performances were acceptable, thewriting was not. I haven't read the book, and based on this, I'm notgoing to be any time soon. It's a basic, stupid love story, whichcould've been so much more. It's not one of the worst of the year, butit's certainly over-hyped.5.6/10