"It is invariably saddening to look through new eyes at things uponwhich you have expended your own powers of adjustment." ~ Chapter 6,The Great Gatsby, F. Scott FitzgeraldPeople, you think you understand the book enough to criticizeLuhrmann's movie? Let me begin this review within that heart-breakingnote from chapter 6 while I'm telling people how I respect BazLuhrmann's look at the novel by Scott Fitzgerald. If you've got yourown way to dip yourself in the story about Gatsby, this directorcertainly got his own. And there's no doubt that Baz Luhrmann is agreat name because of his own power of expressional adjustment. Following are 4 main reasons which enable me to vote 10 stars for TheGreat Gatsby 2013.1. Music --- I don't know why many people dislike the OST of thismovie. I've been listening to Young and Beautiful (L. D. Rey) and HappyTogether (Filter) and Back To Black (Beyonce feat Andre)... everyday.For me the music here is quite an intelligent touch to make me feelthat the story of Gatsby could absolutely happen in any summer, anyera. It's a smart way to link the man named Gatsby of 1920s to everyman who was, or who is, or who is going to be 30-year-old. In thenovel, Nick Carraway told us many times about this detail, that they -Nick and Gatsby, and Tom Buchanan - were at the same age, 30 year old.Book, chapter 7: "What'll we do with ourselves this afternoon," criedDaisy, "and the day after that, and the next thirty years?"2. Cast --- Jay DiCaprio or Leo Gatsby, which name is right? I can'tbelieve if someone else could ever be more brilliant than Leonardoplaying Gatsby. And Carey Mulligan is the most beautiful Daisy. I likethe whole cast. Tobey Maguire, I totally like him in this movie.There're many bad comments about Luhrmann's choice for Nick Carraway, Ican't get their underestimation. Definitely Tobey shows us the realNick who participated through out the story with an appearance thatlooks younger than men at his age. I think Tobey, with kind-of-naiveeyes and efforts, successfully embodies the best character of Nick.Let's discuss the detail again: men at around 30-year-old. People spendmuch time drawing the portrait of Gatsby but not many ones can imaginethe right picture of Nick, even me. Thanks to Baz Luhrmann, now Iremember the eyes of Tobey, the eyes of Nick, and the eyes after theglassed of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg.Book, chapter 2: "But his eyes, dimmed a little by many paintless daysunder sun and rain, brood on over the solemn dumping ground."3. Sreenplay --- I won't tell much because I don't want this review tobe a big spoiler. The only thing I can't help writing about is thegreen light. Yes, the glamorous green light from Daisy's. You see it atthe beginning. It's Baz Luhrman who knows how Gatsby was haunted bythat green light. I'm a woman and I don't know much about a man'spsychical motivation that leads him to dos and don'ts, but now I canimagine more exhaustively the deceiving hope of Gatsby. And the answerfor the question "Why Gatsby is great?" may come clearly: it's hisprimitive love raised by the idea that once a green light is visibleyou can take it, you will take it at any price. Well, inspired by thisI got a wish that every woman could seed such green light into a man tomake him as great as Gatsby. And I know Luhrmann's sreenplay makes melove the novel much more.Book, the end: "Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic futurethat year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's nomatter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . .. And one fine morning---- So we beat on, boats against the current,borne back ceaselessly into the past."4. The 3D era --- Everything looks more splendid, more "real". But thebest impression showed up right at the beginning: the old W. Bros logodimming out and the introduction in 3D comes, then... the green lightappeared! I think about an Oscar statue for best production design.Much appreciate to see a modern film being designed that way in praiseof the immortality of a literary classic like The Great Gatsby.Book, chapter 1: "If personality is an unbroken series of successfulgestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightenedsensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one ofthose intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand milesaway. This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabbyimpressionability which is dignified under the name of the "creativetemperament"--it was an extraordinary gift for hope, a romanticreadiness..."