What I thought worked in Luhrmann's Gatsby:I thought DiCaprio was a better Gatsby than Robert Redford (Redford wastoo old and underplayed the character). I thought DiCaprio understood acomplex character and was adequately convincing.I Love Carey Mulligan and thought she was mostly convincing as Daisy.I liked it when the story stuck to Fitzgerald - which was about 75% ofthe time. (having just read the book again in the last 6 months, Irecognized most of the Dialogue as true to the book)I thought the Costume Design was exquisite. Catherine Martin has donecostume work for all of Baz Luhrmann's films and won an academy awardfor costumes in Moulin Rouge!(as well as being nominated for Romeo +Juliet and Australia. Her work is again superior here - one of the realstrengths of the film...I thought the 2nd half of the movie was much better than the 1st. WhileI generally did not like the soundtrack I loved that Gershwin's'Rhapsody in Blue' snuck in there in the first scenes in Manhattan.The "Valley of Ashes" and the "Dr. T.J. Eckleburg, Occulist" sign arereally well done - but sadly, the scenes there are so rushed and sodownplayed as to prevent that location from being the symbol of deathFitzgerald intended it to be...The scene in Nick's house where Daisy is invited to tea and re-meetsGatsby.What I did not like about it:Every scene with Tobey Maguire in it. His Nick Carraway is too much ofGatsby's lapdog. He is too wide-eyed throughout the story. By the endof the movie I was praying for George Wilson to shoot him.Luhrmann's story telling device (Nick Carraway in a Sanitarium tellingthe story to a Doctor who encourages him to write it) - Really BazLuhrman, you're gonna improve on Fitzgerald?Luhrmann's other story telling device: the words on the screen. Yuck!The Art-direction. Everything was too over-the-top and garish. Gatsby'shouse looks like a Disney creation. One might argue that this is okaybecause the new-rich are often garish. But part of the character thatFitzgerald wrote was that he was convincing as a monied man. The sound-track of the 1st half of the movie. Typically Luhrmann; and Ihave loved it in other contexts. It did not work in Gatsby. After thelast party scene, the soundtrack was much better and the rest of themovie felt like Fitzgerald to me.BTW - I generally am a fan of Baz Luhrmann's work. I loved Romeo +Juliet while it was being panned by professional critics. And I foundMoulin Rouge! delightful..Moet Champaign (which apparently bought huge stock in this movie)Joel Edgerton ('nuff said)The over-the-top garishness of the production is so distracting thatthe great social themes of the day are almost completely lost. They areso subtle int he book and they must be subtly depicted in cinema. Theyare so subtle as to be almost entirely lost in this production. When Ifirst read the book I felt such sympathy for almost every character(except Tom Buchanan). I did not really care about the characters inthis movie at all.That Damn green light - much too much. It is a powerful but subtlesymbol in the book. Let a symbol be a symbol without having toconstantly refer to it and without hitting your audience over the headwith it.Because I did not think it entirely sucked, I will give it a 5.Adolescent girls will disagree with me (even as they are failing theirGatsby finals because they based it this mediocre retelling of thestory). Fitzgerald and Gatsby fans will think I am being too generousNote to Hollywood - If you are going to make a movie based on a greatwork of literature, respect and humbly submit to that greatness, andmake a movie worthy of the original.