Baz Luhrmann's interpretation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 novel "TheGreat Gatsby" is all flare with no real fire. In his attempts to focuson the pizazz and vibrancy that many associate with the RoaringTwenties, and focus on that alone, Luhrmann dismisses any substantialeffort to analyze the facetious, layered veneer of the world around ourcharacters. He is able to get by with basic qualities of the originaltext, such as the events of the novel being primarily told through theperspective and understanding of Nick Carraway, who isn't even thecenter protagonist, but what he does retain can be described as "duhs"and not even worth a mention.This is not to say, regardless, that every facet of the film shattersat the slightest critical touch. The vibrant lights and colours of thesplendid Long Island, made contrasted by the dark, grey, and melancholyValley of Ashes, are almost exactly how this viewer had pictured themas he read the novel, and several of the film's performances (namelyMr. Maguire as the shy, evidently out-of-place Nick Carraway, and MissDebicki as the smouldering, seductive Jordan Baker) feel rippedstraight from the pages of the novel. Unfortunately, I myself nevercould shake the uneasy feeling that Mr. Leo DiCaprio was doing aretread of a character he's done in a movie before. You should not beblamed for stumbling in during Gatsby's introduction thinking for a fewseconds you are watching Titanic.On to where the film crumbles, collapses, and comes crashing down-mostnotably, the pacing is absolutely dreadful, and dreadful absolutely.The film never stops striking you as being rushed along, as ifLuhrmann's primary goal is to use as many of the novel's noteworthyquotations as possible more so than achieving any deeper introspectioninto the flaws of our protagonists in a flawed world of corruption,theatrics, and dreams long past. This viewer never once, in theentirety of his viewing experience, felt as if the novel's mostillustrious and emotionally climactic moments were given the timedeserved to trickle into the viewer's emotions themselves. I am awareof Gatsby's terminal fate occurring immediately just before the novel'sclosing chapter, but five minutes is simply not enough to acknowledgehis isolation in death-merely removing every other funeral attendeefrom the novel except for Nick does not make me less aware of thatfact, in spite of it in all truth being one of the major changes Ifound myself leaning favourably towards-the sudden interruption of OwlEyes' arrival in the novel I could have done without. I shouldfurthermore make mention of my dissatisfaction of the film's score-thatstrange mixture of hip-hop and electronic music does not become jazzpurely by adding a trumpet in the background, much in the same respectthat adding a symphony to a "Disturbed" song does not a Beethoven piecemake.The paramount issue this adaptation faces, nevertheless, is how itwholly fails to translate the novel's topics on the American Dream andthe sick, poisoned world that hides behind its bright, attractiveexterior. Only by the end of the picture does the Green Light, the mostnotorious symbol of the novel, step out to become more than a secondaryobject that exists predominantly for our characters to point out so thedirector can brag about how faithful his adaptation is. The movie'sgross dearth of subdued reflection left this viewer feeling brokennosed, understanding that he had obtained nothing of value from theexperience except for appreciating the worth of director that is forcedto wave his arms, bellowing, "This is how you wanted to see it come tolife!!" because he lacks the aptitude to offer anything beyond dazzlingwhite noise-that is, none.I think there is one moment of the film that bar none demonstrates myargument better than any other. Once Nick Carraway is invited to thehouse of our prestigious protagonist, we are treated to what feels like10 minutes of long, uninterrupted huzzah and celebration, during whichwe meet our protagonist, and during which Baz obtains the opportunityto revel in his own sets and lights. After this, as Nick is set toleave, a loud crash is heard, and the camera turns to the now-ditchedOwl Eyes?for about 2 seconds, before it's time to head home. No deeperexamination, no analysis of the partygoers savage debauchery, no momentto give Nick any time to question the company he is in; no, it's playedfor laughs before it's immediately time to retire for the night,because Baz Luhrmann likes shiny keys, and especially likes to janglethem in front of your stupefied face to seduce you into a trance-likestate, because his efforts fall apart once you decide to thinkcritically.   It makes me weep to think of the appalling reality of thisreinterpretation undeniably going to be the one recognized by currentand future consumers of media. It is empty, narrow, dense, loud,moronic, witless, benign, and most of all unworthy to even kissFitzgerald's feet, and it is with no falter of my judgment that Iproclaim this film to have fizzled out faster than the era it is setin.  