I am a great fan of F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing, which I think issome of the finest literature that exists in English. Adapting it tofilm necessarily loses some of the magic of his words. I'm too young tohave seen the 1974 film, so I came to this without preconceptions ofhow Gatsby could be adapted to the screen.This is a complementary piece of art that sometimes captures what'shinted at in the novel, yet falls short of its richness and depth. Itis, however, a visual feast, and comes across as a tenderly craftedlove letter to the novel and to the Roaring Twenties.Nick Carraway is a framing device for Gatsby's story as he is in thenovel, but here he's in a sanatorium, recounting his season at West Eggfor his psychiatrist by writing it out in a journal. This device allowsfor showing off some of Fitzgerald's evocative sentences--including, ofcourse, the famous final line of the novel. There's also a clever scenewhere Nick amends the title of his just-completed novel, which is oneof those bits that was not in the original novel yet somehow capturesits spirit.There are transcendent moments throughout the film--Jay and Daisyreuniting is gloriously funny and painful, the "beautiful shirts" sceneis breathtaking, and the final argument between Jay and Tom in thehotel is a powder keg of tension that's impossible to look awayfrom--but there is also a disappointing sense of literalness when itcomes to symbolism.For example, the film opens on a silent shot of the infamous greenlight at the end of Daisy's dock. I thought, "Good, so they're going toallude to it subtly and leave the audience to figure out what itmeans."But no. The film then proceeds to beat the viewer over the head withthat green light. It felt like sitting in a high school English classand painstakingly hashing out the theme until the slowest kid in theclass got it. Fitzgerald, I think, would have cringed at suchham-fisted repetition. It felt like an editing mistake to me--at leasttwo or three of those green light shots should have been dropped.Technical annoyances: the hyperactive camera, especially in the firstact, which refuses to stay still on a shot even in a languid scene likedinner with the Buchanans. This had the effect of blurring andfragmenting the lavish sets, which is a shame, since they deserved tobe pored over and savored. It also made me feel a bit drunk, which wasprobably the point. But that kind of visual metaphor tends to annoy memore than anything. I know what "drunk" is like. You don't need to showme with camera movements.The tragic climax is also somewhat spoiled by ostentation. What comesacross as brutal and shocking in the original novel is here transformedinto a drawn-out, grotesquely sentimental event, complete with choppyslow-motion. (What is with the choppy slow-mo, by the way? Why not justshoot in high-speed and slow it down smoothly? I can only assume it wasused for aesthetic effect, but to me it came across as cheapening.)These complaints aside, I found a lot to like in this film. The actingwas incredible, particularly Joel Edgerton's insufferable Tom. CareyMulligan's eyes deserve an Oscar. Leonardo DiCaprio is by turnsmagnetic and pathetic. And Tobey Maguire brings a quality of innocenceand wonder to the film, which grades slowly and elegantly intodisillusionment, disappointment, and despair. It was gutsy to end on anote of pure sorrow, and I applaud Luhrmann for taking that risk.This is a good, solid adaptation that respects its source material (ifnot quite trusting the audience to get it). It isn't flawless, but it'sclearly loving of and intimate with Fitzgerald's work, and that countsfor a lot, in my book.Oh, and that soundtrack. Masterful. Jay-Z was a brilliant choice. Theparallels between modern hip-hop culture and Jazz Age flappers areobvious.