The newest adaptation of F Scott Fitzgerald's vastly well known novel,is directed by Baz Luhrmann, staring Leonardo DI Caprio as Gatsby,Carey Mulligan as daisy and Tobey Maguire as nick caraway.Most people will know the plot but for those that don't.....Nickcaraway moves to new york trying to become a stockbroker in the mid1920's but instead of working finds himself caught up alcohol fueledparties that were rife in the city. He moves into his modest apartmentnext to a huge mansion, who he is told belongs to the mysteriousGatsby. Gatsby throws huge parties often for the general public toenjoy, Nick attends one of these parties and ends up befriendingGatsby. As their friendship grows, Gatsby becomes more trusting in Nickand asks if he can invite his cousin daisy Buchanan round for tea, sohe can "bump"into her. It turns out that the married Daisy and the therather unknown Gatsby fell in love when they were young and have held acandle for each other ever since. The question is does it do justice tothe book?The answer unfortunately is a resounding no! i have seen this film 4 or5 times and each time my dislike of it has grown. It's hard to knowwhere to start with this film, there are so many negative views i haveon it. The film is made with huge house, big parties and fancyclothing, in true baz Luhrmann style that is all the substance you get.Carey mulligan is mind numbingly boring as daisy and not interesting atall. However the performance i have the biggest problem with is TobeyMaguire who narrates the story and it is seen through his eyes, i spentthe entire film wanting to knock him out as i felt he was nothing morethan a "scrape" and a bit annoying. There is no sense of the timeperiod at all, with a bizarre modern day soundtrack booms out, whichare good songs but not for The Great Gatsby, this makes the film feellike it is set in a club in the 21st century. Luhrmann goes for deeplyemotional scenes and completely fails in my opinion. The one very dimlylight shining light is Di Caprio in his Disney themed mansion, whogives a performance far better than anyone elseThis fantastic piece of American literature has been attempted as afilm many times and success has not really been found as of yet. Thisis an extremely hard book to make into a good film you can giveLuhrmann that but not much else. This isn't the worst film i have seenbut because of how well known it is and expected it was, this bad pieceof filmaking will never be forgotten!