THE GREAT GATSBY There is no movie I have been more prepared to dislikethan this one. How dare some Aussie come over here and tell us aboutthe meaning of one of the great works of American literature.Especially this Aussie, Baz Luhrmann, who is known to overload,over-hype and overcook his theatrical product into a glittery miasma ofsmall meaning and little consequence. (i.e. Moulin Rouge) But I was wrong.Jay Gatsby has achieved success in a fashion beyond most imaginations,excepting his own. In true Horatio Alger tradition he has worked hardto improve himself, but when his past creeps up on him and threatenshis well crafted self image, he suavely and effortlessly changes it,his past, and he inhabits the change until it becomes the reality. Heis the self made American man in every way. He is the American successmyth both personified and perverted.Unlike Alger's heroes, he has not followed the straight and narrow. Hehas acquired his fabulous wealth through bootlegging and stockswindles. This belief, that he can change his past, to correct it as it were, hasgiven him a veneer of respectability that has put him in good steadwith his underworld connections. But it is not for them that Gatsby hasmade this remarkable metamorphosis. No, he did everything, and I meaneverything, for the love of a woman. Daisy was Gatsby's great love, but he lost her, and now in one finalherculean effort he is going to correct his past this one last time. Heis going to win her back and make things as they should have been.Leo DeCaprio is the only actor of this generation that could playGatsby, just as Robert Redford could only play Gatsby the previousgeneration. Redford's Gatsby seemed reticent and insecure about hispast; regretful that he must live a lie in order to accomplish hisgoal. DeCaprio's Gatsby is forceful, decisive; he is a determined manof significant accomplishment and great ability. He has a plan and heis going to execute it and as far as he is concerned, for all the rightreasons. For myself, it is DeCaprio's best and most powerfulperformance. This decision (both DeCaprio's and Luhrmann's) to take Gatsby down fromsome ethereal literary icon into a flesh and blood human being givesthe movie an intensity that the 1974 version and most of the literarycriticism of the book that I have ever read, never perceived. This isnot a shining white knight rescuing a damsel in distress; this is abare knuckles brawl for the hand of Daisy, and she is going to have tochoose. Tom Buchanan (Joel Edgerton) is Gatsby's antagonist. He and Daisy weremarried when Daisy could no longer wait for Gatsby to prove himselfworthy of her. Tom is as rich, maybe even richer than Gatsby, but hismoney is old, he is an aristocrat with a deep sense of entitlement. Hehas status and wealth because he's supposed to have status and wealth,and he's not about to give up all that, and certainly not his wife, tothis new money usurper Gatsby, without a fight.Bruce Dern played Tom as a kind of loopy (Dern's specialty) racialconspiracy nut, but Edgerton gives Tom a much harder edge. When Tomespouses his vile racial philosophies one might think that someday hemight actually do something about it.Daisy (Carey Mulligan) is a tough role. For all the time that Gatsbyspends trying to prove he is good enough for Daisy, the audience, forthe book or the film, is led down the path that she is not good enoughfor him. Mia Farrow played Daisy as an airhead and a dingbat, butMulligan gives Daisy a bit more spine, and fashions a character thathas a pretty good idea where her self-interests lay. Luhrmann and co-writer Craig Pearse stay pretty close to the text witha few additions and devices, most notably, to those of us who read thebook, know that it is Nick Caraway (Tobey Maguire) who tells the story,and is a firsthand witness to all the events, but we never knew fromwhere he tells the story. Luhrmann tells us it is from a sanitariumwhere Nick is drying out from excessive alcoholism. As for Luhrmann's reputation for excess: Well, he certainly visualizesGatsby's parties as excess, but they are supposed to be excessive,excessive materialism is part of the point of the story. There aretimes when Luhrmann can't resist himself and feels the compulsion topunctuate matters with some visual flourish, but I did not find it toodistracting. His decision to go 3D however, I think was wise. Thecharacters seem to come out of the screen and get next to you. You getto know them personally, and after all this is a very personal story.I think this story has survived the test of time so well because it isbasically a love story. Whatever the viewers or readers opinion of thecharacters are, Gatsby and Daisy do love each other, but Fitzgerald wasnot interested in boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl andthey all live happily ever after. Where Fitzgerald reached his ownaspiration of creating high art is in wondering if living happily everafter is even possible in an age of class consciousness, even classwarfare, that is driven by a compulsive materialism in a world changingso fast that we can't even formulate the question before we have tocome up with an answer. Luhrmann stays true to these themes anddisplays an avid curiosity about them himself. What he has created is a work of art that stands very well on its own.check out http://blognmovies.tumblr.com/