Adapting famous and well-respected classic literature can't be easy.The film industry's track record attests to this: for every Ran, thereare five misfires that people quickly forget. The filmmakers behindthis year's adaptation of The Great Gatsby make the task seemimpossible. This movie is a disaster.Much has been made of director Baz Luhrmann's overblown style in TheGreat Gatsby, but that is just one of the movie's many issues.Actually, let's start with the production design. This movie is superpolished and glamorous, but everything looks so blatantly fake. CGIstands in for actual set design and shooting locations. One of themovie's few redeeming features is the scope of the production, but eventhat is unimpressive when considering most of the movie was made on acomputer. Admittetly, the costumes and makeup/hair look nice, and themovie will surely receive some award attention in that department. The script and the acting are where The Great Gatsby really fallsapart. There is no depth of character for anybody involved. The centralthree characters don't come across as real people. Nick Carraway hasnothing to do but stand around and watch Gatsby and Daisy court eachother. His frequent narration is baffling pointless, often describingthe events exactly as they happen or directly telling the audience themovie's themes, as if we are too stupid to notice them. Carrawayfrequently stands in the corner watching the action unfold, instead ofdriving the plot forward with any interaction with other characters.This is a huge problem because Carraway serves as the main protagonist(Gatsby isn't introduced for over 20 minutes). Gatsby and Daisy don'tfair any better. Their romance takes up the majority of the screen timein acts two and three, but there is no chemistry, nor do they displayany emotional connection with each other. Instead, Gatsby and Daisyjust tell each other how they feel with laughably clunky dialogue.There are no scenes showing the intense feelings they supposedly havefor each other. They speak at each other instead of having actualconversations.The actors cannot handle the script's horrible dialogue. The centralthree actors (Maguire, DiCaprio, and Mulligan) deliver the cornballdialogue with misplaced self- serious melodrama, making many of theconversations draw laughter from the audience. Several members of thesupporting cast take the material and ham it up, causing a jarringinconsistency in tone. Lurhmann shows no motivation to rein in hisactors.Speaking of the supporting cast, some of the prominent characters fromthe first act completely disappear for most of the movie. The onlyperson who shows some level of depth and complexity is ElizabethDebicki's Jordan Baker, but she vanishes for over an hour, beforecoming back to do absolutely nothing. Isla Fisher's Myrtle Wilsonsuffers a similar fate.The use of music should be mentioned, if only because it is drawingsome criticism. Using modern music in this movie wasn't a bad idea, butthe execution is nothing remarkable. Instead of using contemporary popfor any dramatic or stylistic purpose, it just seems like Lurhmannpicked some songs off his ipod and threw them into the movie.The Great Gatsby is a failure on nearly all levels. It's individualflaws could be overlooked if the movie came together to form somethingcohesive and meaningful, but the whole affair feels hollow. Anysymbolism or larger thematic goals get lost in the glossy extravagance.The filmmakers seem to be aware of this, so they pound the themes intothe viewers with nothing resembling subtlety or grace. It's trulybaffling how anybody in Hollywood could green-light a script this poor,and then throw millions of dollars at the production. The Great Gatsbyis a soulless movie that covers up its lack of passion and heart withcomputer generated spectacle. All signifying nothing.