8/10.I know a lot of the other reviewers will compare this film to the olderone and also the book, so if you're interested in a comparison, stopreading here. I want to review this film as a movie that tells a story,like every other film. I don't want to review this as a film that triedto beat its preceding film adaptation. I myself have read the book and have always been so intrigued with thecharacter of Gatsby, and when I heard a few years back that he would beportrayed on the big screen by DiCaprio, I couldn't wait. The charactercarries such a mystery about him that was delivered so excellently byLeonardo DiCaprio, and made it so fun to watch. It was almost like Ididn't know what the ending was because I was so immersed in 1920s NewYork, and in the lifestyle of The Great Gatsby. The film itself, as a film, was awesome! The visuals and soundtrackwere captivating and lavish. The acting was great overall, as you cantrust these actors to deliver.I read somewhere on IMDb (message board or another reviewer, I can'tremember) that Leonardo wasn't a good fit for the role of Gatsby. Ithink this statement couldn't be more wrong. If you have read the book,you must have some idea about the depth of Gatsby's character, thedepth of his mind, his desires. The false smiles, the phony handshakes,the uneasiness in being in public, the way Jay Gatsby conducts himselfin front of Daisy, and in pursuit of her. All these things aredelivered so well by DiCaprio. His nerve, his frustration, hisdetermination...all so eloquently portrayed. But most of all, hispassion, and as Nick Carraway, our narrator so emphatically reminds us,his hope. The character development of Jay Gatsby, and the developmentof all those surrounding him gives us such a deep look at therelationships of such a diverse category of people.The storyline is obviously interesting: A man realizes his new neighboris a mysterious, and incredibly wealthy man. Like how awesome is that?Throughout the whole film, as the relationships between all the fewmain characters become deeper and deeper, and the questions becomeanswered, you just can't help but feel so into the characters' lives.Great writing for the characters, great directing, great great greatacting. Overall, this is just a great film. If you go into the theater thinking"oh this'll suck compared to Robert Redford" or "I bet the book is waybetter", you're setting yourself up for a bad 143 minutes. Don't be soclose minded and try to view it as just another film that tells afictional story, and a great one at that.