Where should i start !? This was so horrible that it was actually aspiritual experience, like the ones you get on a bad acid trip whenyour glad your 12 hours bad trip is finally gone. This movie isactually the most expensive, over the top kit-ch TELENOVELA ever made.its like a whole soap opera squeezed into 140 minutes of puredisappointment, shear agony of the soul when you understand that thismovie is not going to develop any further than a love story. I startedthe movie with high expectations from a movie with such good actors, ithought i for sure be a dark movie full of U-Turns and surprises, butactually.... NO! every time you think this movie is about to developand turn into a psychological thriller is mat with a steep fall intothe pits of soapy hell. the movie is shallow like a puddle of mudmaking you think there might be message to it, a point, about the richdecedent life's of rich people, maybe about the materialistic nature ofpeople, but.... NO! ITS JUST A LONG LOVE STORY... you know like thelove stories in movies from 50 years ago, like gone with the wind andsuch... I thought that girls would love this movie FO SHOW, because allthe guys in the theater were on the verge of an epileptic seizure orway to deep into trance to get that far, but..... NO!!! even the girlssaid that with all respects to the romantic storyline 140 minutes !!!is to long for any love story... and if it isn't than its surly not forcinema but for cuddling at home with the boyfriend while chatting withhim, later having the film as background for having sex.ALL IN ALL: When the film ended everybody was in shock, zombie likeboyfriend and their sleepy girlfriends, or bunch of guys who are on theverge of ecstasy that the horrible LSD trip is finally over. This isfor sure an experience, from the kind of its so horrible and bad thatit is actually good, but still this doesn't make it a good film, only amatter of a good joke.i recommend that all the guy stay far away from this movie unless yourthe kinda guy that is willing to sacrifice hes own mental health forthe love of hes life, about the girls and this movie, if you are abrain-dead soap opera addicted house wife, this is the best movie foryou, you could cut away from seeing cheap boring soap operas at youliving room, and see a very expansive one at theater.HORRIBLE