It's usually on the second viewing of any film that I turn from theinnocent audience member into the scrutinizing critic. I save the firstviewing for total absorption in the movie. My first viewing of TheGreat Gatsby was quite an euphoric experience. Nevertheless, I don'texpect everyone to love the movie the way I did because at the end ofthe day it's a matter of tastes and interests. All I'm trying to dohere is to give you some reasons why I think Luhrmann's The GreatGatsby is an exceptional film.Let's start from F. Scott Fitzgerald's book. Most people have read thenovel at some point in their lives. The Great Gatsby stands as aliterary landmark in the history of American literature because it notonly incarnates Fitzgerald' smart and swift style but also levels harshcriticism against the American highlife in the early twentieth centuryand iconically presents the complexity of the human psyche. Whether youlike or hate the novel, do not let your judgment transform toprejudice, because Luhrmann's adaptation is a unique work of art thatuses its literary source merely as a preliminary structure. That's whyI will not get into useless comparisons and contrasts.The film has the unmistakable, authentic stamp of Baz Luhrmann? anaudio-visual feast for the senses. The extraordinarily picturesquequality of the film gives the story a visual edge that doesn't exist inthe original text. Luhrmann's exuberant camera movements and his use ofluscious colors and extravagant visual techniques create a sensuousatmosphere and succeed in conveying the lavish lifestyle of theAmerican upper-class. Regarding the music (which I believe is not lessimportant than direction, performance.. etc.), Luhrmann follows hisgenius habit of mashing up modern music and customizing it to oldsettings. In The Great Gatsby, his musical choices are BRILLIANT in thesense that they cover a wide range of genres including jazz and hip-hop(I never thought that one project would bear the names of bothFitzgerald and Jay Z!). The songs fit the film and its themesperfectly. They also give the story human depth and help in extendingthe movie horizontally by relating the mad 1920s to our 21st century.Honestly, the soundtrack needs a review of its own. Having a characterof their own and contributing to the significance of the story,Lurhmann's image and music both join hands in fully engaging theaudience's senses and hearts.Leonardo DiCaprio was outstanding! Do I need to say more? The guy neverseizes to surprise me with his ever-maturing acting skills and hisgreat selectivity (I still can't believe he's the same Jack Dawson Iused to despise). Not many actors are capable of choosing their rolesthat wisely. In the film, DiCaprio breathes life into Fitzgerald'stragic hero and manages to capture all his charm and misery. Similarly,Joel Edgerton stands out as the oppressively dominating Tom Buchanan.As for Carey Mulligan (playing Daisy), I do believe she is a beautifuland talented actress; however, I don't think she was the right one forthe role. She shows an overacted emotional involvement that contradictswith her character's deeds. The rest of the cast were definitelylovely.Back to Luhrmann, I believe that he deserves more credit for his boldchoices and his ability to defy all the snobbish voices that frown uponmodern adaptations of canonical literary works. His first adaptation,Romeo+Juliet, made his point clear. His second, The Great Gatsby, setshis own cult.Again, I don't expect anyone to love the film the way I did. But forme, a good film is the one that makes you hate going back to realityafter watching it... the one that makes you wish it lasted a bitlonger. Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby is definitely one.