To walk through the Musee du Louvre and to micturate upon the works ofda Vinci, Van Gogh, and Picasso, would compel penectomy as punishment.Yet what has Baz Luhrmann, in his film, The Great Gatsby 3D, done toF.Scott Fitzgerald? And how has the world punished this impiousBaztard? It has given him one-hundred and thirty million non-Australiandollars in box office receipts as of May 28th. Such are the economicmysteries of the world--why does money obsessively search out thestupid?The extent of profaning and desecration is evidence of a mob. Butconspiracies are not composed of one. The casting director is a member.There are two such that blame may be diffused--Nikki Barrett and RonnaKress. A critic may only speculate as to the extent of analingusperformed by whom upon whom for the role of Meyer Wolfsheim being givento Amitabh Bachchan. I understand the audience is required to have alevel of suspension of disbelief. But the level that is asked in TheGreat Gatsby 3D is schizophrenia or a level achieved by those who havehad ice pick lobotomies. Because of his experience in portrayingcharacters of such depth as Spiderman in Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2,Spider-Man 3, Tobey Maguire was given the role of the deepestcharacter, after Gatsby, in Nick Carraway. Mr. Maguire did not fail toshow the full two millimeters of depth, piercing the top layer of theepidermis, that he is capable of. He plays the sober Nick Carraway as abona fide Toby Belch. And why would Carey Mulligan be Daisy Buchanan,when KH is the fatale described to the letter by F.Scott Fitzgerald? Itis the voice of Daisy, the sound of money, the voice of a siren thatsummons a sailor to his death. Miss Mulligan's voice is as beckoningand alluring as an unsolicited, automated telemarketing pitch for lifeinsurance. How many mulligans can be gracefully allowed to this castingdirector duo? Apparently at least one more because who is Gatsby butLeonardo di Caprio. There is not an iota of facetiousness inFitzgerald's Jay Gatsby. Unfulfilled dreams are sullen and serious inessence. There are plans formed and executed to achieve improbableends. Nothing is random happenstance. Mr. Capricious, without wearing abuffoon's red nose and a clown's white face paint, makes Gatsby into awhimsical wag. I run out to my balcony and indignantly shout, "How canthis be?" There are no echoes; there are no voices answering. Accordingto the pigeon hole principle, if you are casting enow straws you willeventually find the right actor for some part by a process ofexhaustion. They did. A two-fisted caveman, Joel Edgerton lives a trueTom Buchanan. Ostensibly, Mr. Edgerton might have read the un-piratedScribner edition of The Great Gatsby.