I think everybody has read this book during high school. I don't knowwhy they want us to read it, but it probably has to do with it being alinguistically sophisticated, intellectually teaching about thepolitical, moral, and social fabric of our nation. In my opinion, it'snot the greatest American masterwork novel of all times and no wayrepresented how the people should seek the American Dream. I have tosay, 'To Kill a Mockingbird' was a better novel than this. I read thebook, but 'The Great Gatsby' wasn't never sacrosanct to me. I think F.Scott Fitzgerald 'This Side of Paradise' was a better novel than this.Still, I did like Great Gatsby in an odd way because it was acautionary tale. How faithful is Baz Luhrmann's movie 'The GreatGatsby' is to F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel. In my opinion, it somewhatfollows the novel. Nick Carraway (Tobey McGuire) is an upstanding youngman from the Midwest, moves to New York to seek his fortune in the bondbusiness. He rents a cottage on Long Island, next to a mansion occupiedby a man of mysterious origins but manifest wealth: Jay Gatsby (LeoDiCaprio), known far and wide for his extravagant parties. One day heis invited to his party, and learns his deepest secret. Everything hehas work up for, was designed to attract the attention of his firstlove: the beautiful Daisy (Carey Mulligan) who happens to be Nick'scousin and marry to an unpleasant cheater of a husband, Tom Buchanan(Joel Edgerton). He pursuits her, only leading to tragic results. Themovies does well in establishing a lot of F. Scott Fitzgerald themes.Such in the case toward the end, in the hollowness of morals of theupper class and how greed decayed social and moral values. The filmmakes great use of the Green light that represent Gatsby's hope anddreams of the future, and the Eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg thatrepresent God. The visuals in the film are stunning. The movie didchange a few things in the story that work and didn't work. The biggestchanges of the story is that of Nick Carraway, who in the film is notin a relationship with Jordan Baker. I didn't miss that part of thenovel so much in the film, as it really does freed up space in the filmto focus more on Gatsby and Daisy. Fitzgerald did devoted a lot of workto Nick and Jordan's relationship which was sadly cut. It would havebeen nice to add on the end of the film, rather than the depressingending, the film put out there. The movie does reveal some of Gatsby'spast way too soon in the film as it is repeated yet again toward theend. It would have been stronger to reveal his past toward the end, fora bigger reaction from the audience. The biggest problem with the filmis while Fitzgerald's book always feels very much a product of aparticular period in time, Luhrmann's work always seems like one grandcostume party, irrevocably modern and full of rap music. This moviereminds me, too much of 2001's Moulin Rouge. Rather than having goodsongs like Moulin Rouge had, this just had badly made contemporarymusic. In no way does Jay-Z rapping help this film with the 1920'sfeel. I could have done without all the rap music. I just didn't feelit adding anything to it and seem out of place. I do like the Jazzscore. In every film, he directs, Director Baz Luhrmann can really makea party seen fun, but gees, this are the most unrealistic parties Iever witness. F. Scott Fitzgerald 'The Great Gatsby' was veryhumorless. At less, Baz add a bit of humor to it. While Luhrmann's filmis loud, bright, vivid extravaganza of color, action, and drama in 3D.The film could cut down a bit on the CGI & 3D; and focus more on thestory. The 1974's Great Gatsby served Fitzgerald's novel better even ifit's a bit slow then this. The acting in this 2013 film is great.DiCaprio was perfect as Gatsby. He plays the character exactly how heis in the novel. Still, could have there been a scene where he doesn'tcall somebody, Old sport for once. Joel Edgerton and Carey Mulliganwere great in their role. Tobey McGuire was pretty OK, but since hischaracter was cut down a lot when not talking to Gatsby. He didn't havemuch acting to do, besides walking around and watch people. About thecharacters. Yes, it's about rich people having parties. So it might behard to identify with any of the characters, as most of them havelittle to no redeeming values besides many Nick Carraway. They can allbe a bit unlikeable. Let's remember the film and book shows the lack ofempathy is in New York society. Nick and Gatsby are the only ones whoshow any empathy in the film. It's the carelessness that is beingcriticized here and their lack of morality. That is what makes the bookso great. In my opinion, the film works because of that, so if you everget the chance. Watch this film and learn what makes Gatsby, so great.