Watching Gatsby, one gets the impression that Baz wanted to remakeMoulin Rouge! In 3D and couldn't find a good way to retrofit it, somade a non-musical story on similar themes, using some of the exactsame camera shots. However, the movie is not as gaudy or over-the-topas I fear/hoped it would be. But it does feature cartoonish elementsthat distract from the seriousness of the overall story.The first point are the performances. Often, when modern actors try toimitate old fashioned acting styles, they fail miserably. Often this isthe case with actresses doing mannered/expressive acting common in the30s and 40s. However, the actresses in this movie do a better job thanthe actors. The only flaw is that some characters, especially Daisy(who really is a shallow and symbolic character) are presented withmuch greater depth than they were meant to possess. Meanwhile, TobeyMaguire gives a performance so mawkishly earnest and cornball, he'ssometimes like something out of a Capra movie. Leo DiCaprio looksbetter than he has lately in a Redford-esque role, but his accent isall over the place (could it be that he's a self made invention or justcan't master an accent? We don't know). His pronunciation of "OldSport" is jarring. And while the movie keeps telling us he hascharisma, he does not project enough of it. Joel Edgerton, as Tom, isgiving a performance as a type of man seldom seen in modern movies anddoes his level best, but we are never quite sure what to make of him.He seems at turns goofy, villainous and sympathetic. The scenes ofTobey and Leo together highlight the sublimated homoerotic tension manypeople have discerned in the book. It's almost like they're picking upwhere they left off with their quasi romance in This Boy's Life.Secondly, overwhelming all else is the camera-work and atmosphere. The3D is occasionally distracting, but also brilliant in bringing outsmall details, like the exquisite sets and costuming and tiny elementslike confetti or pearls. The photography can also overwhelm the MoulinRouge! party scenes and make certain elements look cartoonish (when yousee people hanging out of cars it's reminiscent of the weasels in WhoFramed Roger Rabbit?). I would not have wanted to see this movie in 2D,or certainly not on the small screen, because of the visual treats Imight miss. I'm not sure it would be a different movie entirely. Theincorporation of modern music is not overly distracting, and done in asimilar way to Marie Antoinette, with modern music simply played over aperiod scene with period dances. I wouldn't say that any particularsong is moving or evocative enough to rise to the level of great usesof song in romantic films, but it's also not terribly distracting. Theuse of rap music does highlight gaudiness and false showy glamor, asopposed to stately tasteful wealth. And in a sense, Jay Gatsby doesrepresent this factor, so it sort of works.The adaptation of the book seems fairly reverent in every regard exceptwhat I have mentioned about modern music and crazy camera work. It was hard to get a read off the preview audience, and I think thismovie will be divisive. In the 70s, they did a big budget version ofGreat Gatsby, trying to make it the new Gone With the Wind, and itfailed. Here, a 100+ million effort at combining Titanic and MoulinRouge! could also be an Ishtar level disaster. On the other hand, Ithink when you get sucked into the world of the film, it really works.And as in Moulin Rouge!, repeated viewings might take some of the shockout of cartoony or jarring elements and bring out the human, smalltouches that really won me over.