Can't repeat the past? ...of course you can!This will be my first review containing spoilers because right now Iwant to write about everything that I saw in this movie!First of all let me start by saying that this is definition ofmasterpiece movie. Words just can't describe how beautiful this movieis, in every way possible. Story, acting, dynamic, visuals, music..everything. It's crafted to be masterpiece and I applaud Baz Luhrmann.I don't know for how long he had this vision, but I get feeling he'sbeen waiting for technology so that he could make his perfect vision ofthis classic.While watching the movie, I've had review written in my head. Up to apoint where everything goes downhill, I've had thoughts like "Best lovestory ever""; ""If love could be shown it's Great Gatsby".. Those weremy thoughts, not taken quotes. Actually, even after that point in themovie, I still think those things. Leonardo DiCaprio brought one of hisbest performances ever. I believed every second in his love and painthat he felt. Love that Gatsby showed for Daisy was pretty muchperfect. If true, purest love, could be shown, it was in Gatsby's eyes.Sadly, I have to admit that I have never read The Great Gatsby by F.Scott Fitzgerald, it was never mandatory in my school and I have missedit. People always say that book is always better than movie adaptation,but if book is even close to the movie, it's masterpiece.Up to a point where Gatsby and Daisy are about to declare love to Tom,you get feeling that I could end there, with a happy end. But the verymoment when Daisy moves hand from Gatsby, you get a feeling that itcan't end well. After they go to town, and when they are in hotel room,entire time I was waiting for Tom to do something bad. Make a scene,hit Gatsby, even kill him. But no, that's not what happened. He choseto fight for her the only way he could win, with arguments andmemories. He gave her freedom and fought for her. I hated Tom but atthat point, I completely understood why she couldn't say she ever lovedhim. After Tom's mistress is hit and killed, you can see that Tomactually loved his wife and mistress, despite being a scumbag.Nick Carraway has described Gatsby best. He said that he has not seen aman as hopeful as he is. And point where he's waiting for her call andslightly losing his faith is amazing. Nick's call at the end could nothave happened in more perfect moment. Gatsby died happy thinking shecalled after all. He died having his faith. Entire cinema was quiteafter the movie ended, I guess everyone was in their mind rethinkingmovie, as I was. Even though extremely sad and tragic, I didn't feeltoo sad. I think he got what he wanted just before he died, and itwould destroy him completely if he survived and she didn't call. Love,dream, future.. they would all have died in one day.Gatsby from the beginning of the movie is portrayed excellently. As amystery man, but you can sense that he's much more than what you see.Slowly discovering real character layer by layer was excellent. I wasso excited to see what it was all about. The real story behind him. Andit was biggest love story ever written.Cast was perfect. Leonardo DiCaprio has done his best role in myopinion. Oscar nomination for him is a must, if not win! Carey Mulliganhas showed class once again. Although not definition of beauty, there'ssomething in her that makes you want to hug and protect her, and loveher. Perfect for the role she played. Once again top performance afterDrive. Tobey Maguire - I just love this guy. His performance was maybecrucial to gluing the entire cast and making it all fluid andconnected. Joel Edgerton was fantastic. I could not hate him eventhough I wanted to, so much. His character I mean.Soundtrack of this movie is most talked thing about, and it's deserved.It had huge influence on the entire movie and the atmosphere.Visuals of this movie are perfect. So much color, design, it's perfect.You have to see this in 3D, if you don't, you'll miss out on a lot!Trust me!Overall I find this perfect example of masterpiece. If I ever want tosee a movie about love, it won't be Notebook but The Great Gatsby. Truedefinition and example of purest form of love. Now I'm going to go andread the novel. I don't want to forget about Gatsby soon. Andsoundtrack will be playing in my love for a long time.