Deadpool comes from a place rooted in Marvel-mania and geekdom. Theentire premise seems like one born from the want of fans to have it so,and in fact much of the content of the movie suggests it by winking atthe camera at every possible opportunity. It has already been a massivebox office success, and as of February 17th it has nearly a 9.0 onIMDb. I didn't enter the film with high expectations (similar to myfeelings about Guardians of the Galaxy) so I can't say I was surprisedto realize the film is an utter let-down.It seems like Marvel is making a new movie every few months or so, andit seems like an easy chore for them to dish out a movie, throw in acouple recognizable characters, and watch the cash come rolling in. Thewackier the story, the 'bigger chance' it was to make, but have theyever had a true flop? The comic book world has impregnated our psyche,whether you have read them or not. Everyone wants to be in the 'know.'Deadpool seems to be a response to Guardians, following an unlikely'superhero' (Ryan Reynolds) as he casually jokes through a plot thatwould otherwise be full of immense peril. When Chris Pratt challengedthe evil galaxy-ruler guy to a dance off at the climax of Guardians, itfelt funny and fresh. When Deadpool stops in a battle to look at thecamera and mention a joke about Hugh Jackman's Wolverine, I justsighed. There's a self- awareness throughout the film that simplyremoved me from the movie. At one point, Reynolds remarks "don't makemy costume CGI" as he begins his superhero transformation (a painfulreference to his Green Lantern stint). This is like a grown-up Airplaneparody, where characters know they are acting and the good guy nevermisses his target no matter how far away he is with the gun. Mostpeople I have talked to describe this movie as a fresh comedy. I saw itas a parody a bit too on-the-nose.Knowing nothing about Deadpool/Wade going in, of course we had totrudge through a backstory filled with sex and jokes and throwawaycharacters that all culminate in the creation of his costume, stitchedat home of course (red hides the blood better). We learn that though hefell in love, Deadpool was diagnosed with cancer and left the woman heloved in order to find a cure. What he found as well was a new power ofrejuvenation, strength, and witty one-liners.Let's be honest: Ryan Reynolds is an attractive guy. Ladies love himand guys want to be him. Besides this, his role in this film just fallsflat. Through narration, breaking the 4th wall, voice-over, andcutaways, all I wanted was for him to shut up. Sometimes, a simpleaction scene is cool in itself without being littered with gags andhumor and comedy, oh my! Playing the comedian, of course the rest ofthe cast (a couple of X-Men I have never heard of that were apparentlythe only ones available for the shoot) plays it straight, gawking atthe absurdity of Deadpool's light-heartedness and trying to convincehim to just shut up and focus on the task at hand. The task at hand(defeating the villain ? what else?) is a cookie-cutter plot that is aspredictable as we would expect. I mentioned he is aided by some of theX-Men, so it should come as no surprise that Deadpool comments on thefact that studios couldn't afford more recognizable actors for somequick cameos?You can tell the filmmakers were trying to be original (an openingcredits scene that is nothing but puns and in-jokes: "directed bysomeone who was paid too much," "starring the sexist man in America,"etc. If that's comedy, then I'm sorry I didn't laugh. If the fanboysare happy with the film, then I'm sure the Marvel Studio is pleased.Perhaps in a year or two when they release Deadpool II, they can workout the kinks that weighted this film down. For a movie so highlyregarded as a hip romantic comedy, boy was I bored.