Deadpool is a breath of fresh air in a world dominated by generic,boring Marvel movies. Not all MCU movies are this way but there are afew that follow the same generic pattern like Ant Man, Thor the darkworld and Doctor Strange. Of course the film takes place outside of theMCU and is coupled with the X-men movies made with 20th century fox whoare not afraid to go out of their comfort zone. Sometimes it does notwork, like in X-men age of apocalypse, but the nicest thing about thismovie is it takes risks and succeeds. Is this film a masterpiece?..NO however it was thoroughly enjoyable andwent where not many comic book movies go. People die in this film andDeadpool does a lot of the killing without remorse and adding in somereally funny lines that flow easily. Most of the jokes in this filmmake sense and add an air of comedy to the situation. However somejokes were not funny, in my opinion, like the "brown pants" joke whichfalls short.Anyway the plot! Plot wise this film is simple, Wade Wilson (Deadpool)falls for a hooker, gets cancer, tries to save himself with experimentswhich give him a fast healing factor curing him but leaving himdisfigured. He goes after the guy who did this and ultimately kills himand saves his girlfriend in the process. Nothing more to it.Simple plots are sometimes a great thing as they allow for charactersto be introduced and interact in interesting and fun ways. Deadpool isshown to the world as a wise cracking, violent, forth wall breakinganti-hero and that is just what the audience want to see. The fact thatnone of these characters come to any realisation or develop is half thecharm of the actual movie. In generic Marvel movies the character does develop in lame ways byeither learning a new skill or learning to work together as a team?something along those lines. This film has none of that and instead weare treated to nearly 2 hours of gags and violence. Honestly in thismovie it is not a bad thing to have that as it is a unique experienceand a break from the norm.Anyway onto the characters and the actors who play them. Ryan Reynoldsdoes a great job as Deadpool. He is very charismatic, funny and actsthe part of Deadpool. Like we can say Hugh Jackman IS wolverine we canalso say that Ryan Reynolds IS Deadpool. In my opinion they could nothave picked a better actor to play him. He just fits the idea of whatmost people think Deadpool should sound like and act like so well doneRyan.Ajax or Francis is a boring bad guy. His major thing is that he hatesbeing called Francis for some reason?? It really triggers him as wellwhich I found a bit retarded. Most villains are wronged in some way orhave a traumatic experience. Ajax has none of these things and is a bitof a boring character to watch as he just fits the "British bad guy"stereotype. If we take a villain like Loki or Magneto we see thatreally Ajax it not a very competent villain. His henchwoman that hehangs with is boring too and doesn't say any lines of interest. She isonly in the film as muscle.The X-men are characters that work well in this film however they arethe most stereotypical "good guys" in a marvel inspired movie to date.This is not really a thing that destroys the movie or takes you out ofthings however I found their lack of depth a bit disappointingconsidering colossus can be a really interesting character if doneright. If fact to say that most characters, in this film, stick to astereotype would be a true enough statement.From a technical side the CGI is done really well and even the CG bloodis done tastefully. The music is all popular songs instead of score andbrings a sense of fun and playfulness to each scene, especially theviolent scenes. The camera work on this film is pretty average for asuperhero movie. However I do like the bits where the camera beingthere is used to break the forth wall and provide a bit of comedy tothe scene.This film is great. I just wish it had a better villain and a littlebit of depth to the supporting characters, not just Deadpool. However Iwould advise seeing it and hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Just thenods to other comic films and the Easter eggs in the film will beenough to satisfy the Marvel fan boys. The funny jokes and RyanReynolds as Deadpool will be enough to satisfy everyone else.