Reviewing anything comedy related tends to lead to disgruntled readersand accusative comments. Comedy, as a rule, is not supposed to beexceptional or even good by most accounts. In Roman times, humorstemmed from jokes about genitals and bowel movements just as we laughat the same today. There's really no such thing as high-brow humor andso I find it disturbing when people mistake my dislike of humorousmovies or cartoons or such as the complaints of someone high and mightyabout himself. I love a good dick joke as much as the next guy, buthumor for me comes from execution, pay-off, and unexpectedness.Deadpool from a humor perspective has very little of that. I chuckledoccasionally at Marvel's latest superhero flick, but I never foundmyself laughing out loud. The opening credits roll making jokes of theproducers and director set the tone of the films humor stylings:blatant, crass, and occasionally funny.Deadpool is the tale of a man named Wade who contracts a serious formof cancer. In order to combat it, he accepts a proposal to become asuperhero and winds up instead in a miserable situation, tortured by amutant named Ajax (Francis). It's a revenge/love plot that was asurprisingly perfect fit for the Valentine release.Deadpool tells its story in a segmented and awkward way, throwing usinto the action immediately, cutting back to the past, then cuttingforward again, then back again. It kind of works at first but the thirdflashback is long, boring, and ultimately kills the middle of the film.This was the point I was struggling to stay awake.I don't mind plot in a movie contrary to what I'm saying, but theorigin story of Deadpool is nothing spectacular and in a film thatrelishes violence with an almost sexual passion, I felt that the pacingwas poor and killed the entire experience. After you get past theflashbacks and get to the current action, you'll probably be too boredto care any further what happens.And for me, even trying to stay attentive of the movie through thefinal act, I was still bored. The villains were boring, Deadpool's herocompanions were dull, and the final fight was not epic or well-directedor choreographed?nothing stood out to me. And despite a gory, violentopening, the ending seemed relatively tame.And that's where Deadpool fails for me. It's an R-rated movie thatfeels like it doesn't particularly have to be. The cursing, the gore,and the sex are all self-indulgent, the entire movie a middle finger totraditional superhero movies. And I respect that and went into the filmexpecting an enticingly adult-slanted Marvel movie. But what I got feltmore like something a middle schooler would write. The cursing wasmiddle-school level, ,many of the jokes were juvenile (there were somedecent mature jokes in there too)?it just didn't feel organic, much ofit felt forced. And as I looked around the theater at the kidswatching, their parents irresponsible enough to allow eight and nineyear old's entrance, I realized that maybe this WAS meant to be "BabiesFirst R-Rated Film".This movie is doing exceptionally well at the box office and I'mguessing this mature action/comedy is being talked about in many aschoolyard. Deadpool is a technically poor movie with bad pacing, alackluster set of characters, and humor that just wasn't my stylerelying too much on obscene one-liners than jokes with actual buildupand payoff. But, I guess, it's an okay film and probably one Marvelfans and Deadpool fans especially will enjoy. But aside from a goodopening action sequence and a couple chuckle-worthy jokes here andthere, Deadpool was a dud for me.