For years I've been following IMDb as my movie guide. But never untiltonight I ever registered on the site. This movie made me do it andstill write my first review ever of a movie. Congrats, Deadpool, forthat! I do not have the ambition or boldness to talk about technical aspectsof film making, as many reviews I read so far, as I admit not havingthe knowledge to do so. I just love cinema, both clever movies whichmakes you think for long time after you watched it, and those pureentertaining popcorn light stuff which makes you spend a couple ofhours alienated from the real world. This film matches none of theabove. A non existing plot makes you think why there's nothing to thinkabout. An embarrassing mess of characters, action, sex and humour makesyou feel like standing up and stop the agony after the first 10minutes. It was one of the very few occasions I seriously had to make ahuge effort to watch this Deadpool until the end. The reason why I didit was because I kept a naïve hope Deadpool's girl would end up dead or(dream of the dreams) Deadpool would die himself for good. And I dolike happy endings ... Superheros are in fashion. Marvel is on fire. The industry sucks thisresource until its exhaustion, as always. And that's why you have goodstuff, reasonable stuff and bad stuff. Sometimes they come up with puretrash because they know some brains will still enjoy it. Deadpool is afine example of that. The worse is they tried to look creative,original and defying. Arrogance! They ended up making the comiccharacter look ridiculous and the whole piece as dumb as an ostrich.The humour is atrocious, cheap and vulgar. The attempt to make fun ofitself embarrassing. Humour is much more than we saw here. This can fiton something rather comic. And bad comic! Producing comedy nowadayslooks like making fast food. Take and go!. But Humour is not foreveryone and specially not for those who can't see they have no talentfor it. Laughing on Deadpool is for children's minds (up to 12 yearsold max!) or IQ's below 70. Resuming, this is an insult to the Xmen saga. Futile, hollow andarrogant. The sequel is on the way so be careful!