When a movie has to rip off ideas from other movies such as Ferris'Bueller's day Off, Guardians of the Galaxy, Hancock, Three Kings,Natural Born Killers and a few others, you know something isdesperately wrong. But unfortunately, Deadpool doesn't even possess anyof the originality or charm of the aforementioned flicks. And to thinkthat those movies had any charm requires a stretch of imagination andpersonal taste. Did I mention that the Title also rips off ClintEastwood's fifth Dirty Harry installment? What Deadpool fans see asoriginal and innovative, I see an amalgum rip off. it borrows ideasfrom many movies and tries to mask itself under innovation.I'm not going to rehash this crazy plot, because it would just lendunearned value to this cinematic drekk, but Deadpool has uneven andinappropriate tonal problems that just jar against what movies havedone before and what made them work well. This genre and the way theyexecute it doesn't work. Ultra Slow motion violence in the openingcredits is a lousy way to start a movie. It looks retarded, ugly anddoesn't prepare the viewer for any buildup or suspense. Instead, I wasdreading ninety-eight minutes of offensive dialogue and nonstop cartoonviolence which I predicted accurately.My biggest peeve about this cinematic waste of time is the RyanReynold's character. Watching a wisecracking, effeminate and sadisticsuperhero spewing out metaphors, pop-culture references and causticremarks at a rapid fire rate is about as appealing as watching tortureporn. I understand he is supposed to be an anti-hero you love to hate.But this ostensible intention misfires. I'm not sure exactly the class,distinction or persuasion of the category of people who gravitate tothis type of art, but I know it doesn't include me. I can find solace,in this case, for being left out.Inserting humor with corny love songs for violent and repugnant scenesprompts me to wonder if the film maker knows what he's doing. Nothingseems appropriate here and leaves me shaking my head and rolling myeyes. Do not look for any subtlety, intriguing plot twists orthoughtful messages in this, because they don't exist here.I haven't paid much attention to Ryan Reynolds and I don't think hepossesses enough leading man qualities to remain as such, despite howHollywood is using him. I find him very plain and unappealing.Another curious and disappointing part of this work was MorenaBaccarin. She looks too dignified, classy and sophisticted to partakein such juvenile smut. Hopefully, she can rise above this to where shecan be regarded as a creditable actress in years to come and not somecheap eye candy for trashy films. I've read some blogs about how Hollywood has been churning out moviesthat distort the sensibilities of impressionable minds who don't knowany better. Some even believe it's a conspiracy to destroy our youth. Ican understand their concerns, but I try not to ponder such 'Doom andgloom' prophecy. I think humanity can survive if movies like Deadpoolwill cease and desist all future projects.