Love is many things; it's encompassing, beautiful, painful, and everchanging. When it first begins to build inside us, we tend to stand onthe shoulders of giants, embracing the world as this wonderful and tinyorganism. After a while that love changes; sometimes for the better,other times for the worse. When it does take a nosedive, we often shunit all together. Crazy, Stupid, Love shows us that no matter howunexplainable or heart wrenching love can be, it will always be withinour reach to hold and cherish when we need it the most. Love can comefrom many angles, and that's where the sincerity in not only the piecedtogether title comes from, but where the plethora of characters reallyshine. Showing the relationships between unlikely friends, a boy andhis babysitter, a womanizer and a romantic, Crazy, Stupid, Love paintsa ray of colors over a simple palette, providing that sophisticatedtouch to a well-worn genre.Telling the story of multiple characters that interweave throughout thefilm, Crazy, Stupid, Love focuses on Cal Weaver (Steve Carrell), amarried man that suddenly finds himself cast out into the single-peoples social sphere, ultimately out-dressed and out-numbered by theyoung and the restless. Holding up in a bar catering to those twentyyears younger, Cal finds himself taken under the tailored wing of Jacob(Ryan Gosling), an inheritance rich womanizer that has just about everywoman stumbling under his well-crafted and meticulous spell. As Calbegins straying away from but never forgetting his soul-mate Emily(Julianne Moore), we are shown loves game from the eyes of Cal'soptimistic son Robbie (Jonah Bobo), and confused romantic Hannah (EmmaStone). As Cal tries to hold onto what he refused to fight for, Jacobbegins to realize that there is something worth fighting for, somethingthat will prove just how crazy love can be.Coming off the heels of 2009's quirky prison-love tale I Love You,Philip Morris, screen writing/directing duo Glenn Ficarra and JohnRequa know how to handle the multiple facets that come from buddingromances. The way they handle love is akin to lighting a bunch ofsleazy romance novels on fire atop the roof of a fine adult book store,sending smoke signals to those worn and withered romantics out there.Just like Francois Truffaut's epic love-triangle Jules and Jim, Crazy,Stupid, Love works best as a meditation on the hetero-fueledrelationship between its male focal points Cal and Jacob. As we seeeach one in their individual state, it only adds to the bond theydevelop later on, providing that true essence of masculine friendship.Though not quite capturing the crazy side of love, Ficarra and Requamanage to add just enough charm and wit to their characters for us tofeel attached to, showing just how powerful any relationship can be.Bringing all of these characters to life is an ensemble cast that feelssurprisingly fresh considering they have all been in these rolesbefore. It doesn't feel too long ago that we saw Steve Carrell as thedown on his luck forty-year old, Julianne Moore as the confused andcheating wife, Emma Stone as the desirable take-charge woman, or KevinBacon as well, the villain. These are all actors that have been throughthe motions their characters go through multiple times, though it allfeels so pure like a new love. Taking a prominent position amongst theA-listers is Jonah Bobo as Cal's son Robbie, and Analeigh Tipton asJessica the babysitter who both bring a raw emotion to the screen thatfeels as if we're watching our self fall in love all over again for thefirst time.Crazy, Stupid, Love is one of those films that shouldn't work as wellas it does, but succeeds in almost every regard. While the title fallsa bit short in showing us just how crazy and stupid love can truly be,it does provide a beautiful take on love gone bad and love that has yetto even start. Dan Fogelman's script injects the romantic comedy genrewith a vibrancy that hasn't been seen for years, causing us to embraceour youthful woe with nostalgic fondness all the while embracing whatwe have. Rarely do we get to revel in the marital misfortune of otherswith such gleeful wit than with this rare treat, ranking high amongstmodern romances.