The title for this film is a solid choice: CRAZY, STUPID LOVE is.Thought he reviewers and the general public alike seem to rank this asone of the greatest films of the decade, for some other viewers thisseems tired and trite and a faux showcase for some excellent actors toovercome a tawdry story. Writer Dan Fogelman (Cars, Cars 2, Tangled,Bolt, Fred Claus, etc) may be taking a step up form his previous workand that is a good sign, but when directors Glenn Ficarra and JohnRequa have shown their sensitivity in the much maligned if not sadlyignored treasure 'I Love You, Philip Morris' it feels odd they shouldgo for this script.Difficult to classify as a Romance or Comedy or Drama the film fallsinto the familiar category of a RomCom. Opening a film with anembarrassingly public announcement of a marriage dissolution over awife's infidelity and dissatisfaction with her nerdy but goodfather/provider husband this story embraces about every situation aboutfalling in and out of 'love' imaginable. The idea of a monogamousclueless husband being 'changed' by a smooth talking, much beddedlothario isn't new nor is the 'finally met his match' idea fresh. Themanner in which the children of the couple respond with their own needsand damaged outlooks on relationships works OK, but the manner in whichthe in the process of divorcing couple work through their problemsholds a mirror up to today's marriages. The stories surround us ineveryday life: the film merely magnifies them.It is always amazing when the marquee boasts the names of some of ourmore interesting actors as being involved: Julianne Moore, RyanGosling, Marisa Tomei, Kevin Bacon, et al deliver what they can. The'star' is Steve Carell according to the script, and you have to likethe caricatures he creates to relate to him here. There are some fineturns in cameos by Emma Stone, young Jonah Bobo, and Liz Lapira; whenthey are on screen the film lightens up. But in the end it is a twohour formulaic condensed television series type story. And yet theBravos form the audience must mean there is a craving for this typemovie. Grady Harp