The comedy-drama genre, or "dramedy" is a tough nut to crack and aproblem can be that films lean too far into drama and the comedy onoffer is usually very light. Crazy, Stupid, Love fortunately breaksthat model and is actually funny, as well as dramatic.Cal and Emily Weaver (Steve Carell and Julianne Moore) are a marriedcouple who have two young children and Emily ask Cal for a divorceafter she admits she had slept with co-worker. Cal is heartbroken,loses his friends and spends his time at a bar bemoaning his situation.A successful bachelor and womaniser, Jacob (Ryan Gosling), takes pityon Cal and tutors in the ways of picking up, gives him a makeover and anew wardrobe and after some mishaps becomes plenty successful himself.But he still longs for Emily and there still seems to be a sparkbetween the two.Despite Jacob's success with the ladies there is one woman who knockshim back, a very attractive law graduate, Hannah (Emma Stone), and thisis the woman who he actually has a connection with whilst Hannahactually longs for being more exciting.Cal's son, Robbie (Jonah Bono), is a 13-year-old boy who is infatuatedwith his 17-year-old babysitter, Jessica (Analeigh Tipton),embarrassing and hounding her. But Jessica is a bit of strange girl andactually fancies Cal himself.Much of the comedy is based on awkward situations, mostly at Cal'sexpense, a little like The 40 Year Virgin. The situation and humourportray is in a slightly exaggerated world, but for the most it worksand we can believe most of the situations, except maybe why would a17-year-old fancy a man like Steve Carell. He does not strike me as aperson who teenagers would fall for.There is a great cast in the film and they are excellent throughout.Carell and Gosling were the best of them all. Carell is a naturalcomedian, making his character believable despite what's happeningaround him and is a natural delivery of his lines. He is also great atthe more dramatic elements and I would like to see him in more dramaticroles. Gosling has shown he is a very talented actor and can tacklealmost any genre and he shows he has excellent comic timing. What iseven more remarkable it would be really easy to dislike Jacob as acharacter, but Gosling and the writers were able to making him into amore interesting, likable character simply because he because he formedfriendship with Cal.Moore plays the most grounded, serious character and she does a goodjob with what she has to do and she is always a pleasant screenpresence. Stone is a strong, fun loving character, with plenty of spunkand when she was with her friend a great person to be around, but theshe did get the shaft with screen time and her story was lackingdevelopment. Tipton shows she is an actress with potential and shereally felt like a naïve, young 17-year-old, both physical because ofher small frame and braid and also the way she act and properly why shehas a daddy complex, because it is safe.There are a few visual treats in the film to keep film fresh. The bestexample is a montage where the camera pans around a bar as we see Calbecome a ladies man and see him pick up a number of women in anexcellent 30 seconds.Crazy, Stupid, Love is a very good but there a few faults. There arefunny scenes and characters, but Marisa Tomei's role as a teacher whoCal sleeps with was someone who simply mugged and overdone when thecharacter and the comedy should have been more grounded and awkwardthen overblown. It is even more annoying because Tomei is a verytalented actress. Also because of the large cast of characters some ofthe character really did drop off the screen at times. This was thecase of Hannah who is physically not in the film for large portions offilm: but Stone is a strong performance and has excellent chemistrywith Gosling and her friend played by Liza Lapira.A more minor criticism is the role of Cal and Emily's daughter, Molly,played by Joey King who seems market the uncharacterised child role. Ican understand why she was included because it would have been weirdfor a 17-year-old girl to only babysit a 13-year-old boy, but Mollycould have had a few more scenes.Crazy, Stupid, Love film is an enjoyable film that is funny for themost part and does build on its dramatic elements and characterdevelopment. Crazy, Stupid, Love has sometimes been classified as aromantic-comedy, if that is the case it is a great example of a filmthat avoids clichés and is a film that people who do not like the genrecan enjoy. It makes an big constant to Gosling's other romantic film,Blue Valentine.