Well, this is a romantic comedy, so with that expectations I watchedit. The story felt for me pretty original in this kind of movies. Cal(Steve Carell) gets very upset because his wife Emily (Julianne Moore)asks for the divorce and he is later helped by Jacob (Ryan Gosling) torediscover his manhood so he can feel well again. Jacob also meets agirl called Hannah and falls in love with her. There is also anotherthread on the story with the babysitter of the sons of Cal and Emily,Jessica (Analeigh Tipton) who is taking care of Molly and Robbie whofalls in love with her, but she loves another person.Well the story might look a bit full of characters but all of them geta proper screen time, enough for their stories to develop well. SteveCarell has a good chemistry with Julianne Moore and you can care abouttheir marriage and so, and also Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling have verya good brother-friend relationship, but for me the highlights of thismovie are all the moments Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone share together onscreen, which are worth watching this movie. They have such a greatchemistry that they feel like a real-life couple. They are so lovelytogether that I wish this movie had been only the story of them,because, for me it would have been perfect. The story of Steve Carellhelped by Ryan Gosling is also great and funny, but what for me ruinsthis movie a bit is the part of Jessica and Robbie, not also becauseit's very unrealistic (a thirteen age boy falls in love with hisseventeen year old babysitter, but she is in love with his father andtakes herself nude pictures for him? C'mon screenwriters, who had thisidea?). This part of the story is not also unrealistic but very odd anda bit useless. And as their plot line, also the characters of this partfelt a bit flat and without any charisma. But also, it's a romanticcomedy you cannot ask that much for it.This movie is a very funny romantic comedy with many hilarious momentsbut also other moments full of emotion and romance. I recommend you themovie if you want to be entertained for about two hours, laughing andsmiling without nothing to worry about.And finally I have to add this: "Emma Stone is the perfect blend ofsexy and adorable"