Let me start off my review of this film by saying that I hate SteveCarrell. Watching him on "The Office" for all those years was painful,because his character, and it seemed his acting style was unbelievablystupid and bland. While he has occasionally been a decent funnyman, Ihadn't seen him in a role where he was remotely interesting andbelievable.Yesterday, I was at the movies, pretty much the whole day, and decidedto check out "Crazy Stupid Love", because it had decent critical andaudience reactions, better than I expected for a romantic comedy, andit had some of my favorite people in it, including Julianne Moore, EmmaStone and Ryan Gosling. And, to say the least, I was caught bysurprise.One of the reasons for this, is because "Crazy Stupid Love" works as aromantic comedy and a drama. Most romantic comedies, I find, arepredictable, stale, and essentially one carbon copy after another, ofthe same exact story, played out in a slightly altered way. Youprobably won't guess where "Crazy Stupid Love" is going. While theending itself is a lot like I predicted it, there's a big plot twistthat presents itself in the climax that I really didn't see coming. Andthat's reason enough to see this movie.However, there are many (better) reasons. One of the big reasons isthat it avoids making any of its characters caricatures. Each characteris real, and flawed, screwed up and deals with his or her problems in avery grounded and grown-up way. It revolves around Cal (Carell), a man who has been married to Emily(Moore) for 25 years, and is rocked by the revelation that she wants adivorce, after sleeping with a co-worker (Kevin Bacon). Cal beginshanging out at a chic pickup bar, where he meets Jacob (Ryan Gosling),a lothario who takes a different woman home every night. He picks up onCal's depression, and helps him turn into something of a womanizer.Meanwhile, Cal's floppy-haired thirteen-year-old son Robbie has a crushon his older babysitter, who has a little crush of her own. Also, Jacobmeets Hannah (Emma Stone), a young lawyer who has heard every pickupline, and therefore, has a quite jaded outlook on love.And it is the first film or TV show to portray Steve Carrell as a humanbeing. He can act! Who knew? I actually liked him in this role, becauseI felt that he wasn't Michael Scott, or that guy from "Get Smart", or"The 40-Year-Old Virgin", but an average guy whose life didn't turn outas he had hoped. I bought him in this role. He more than keeps up withthe rest of the film's stellar cast.Another revelation here is Ryan Gosling. I've mostly seen him indepressing dramatic roles ("Blue Valentine", "The Notebook"), whilehere, he proves himself to be a cunning comedian. He has spectacularcomedic timing, and clearly has a lot of fun here with the otheractors. He seems to be the superficial funnyman at first, and, like therest of the cast in this terrific film, opens up, and surprises theaudience.While Julianne Moore is always great, her character and Carrell'scharacter mesh in a way that makes you believe that their marriagelasted 20+ years. Emma Stone is on fire right now, doing a great rolein "The Help", she shines just as much here, if not more. Her characteris instantly lovable, and I can't wait to see what she does next. This film also features Marisa Tomei, who gives a fierce, and veryfunny performance as a recovering alcoholic schoolteacher who dates Calfor awhile after his divorce. Kevin Bacon also made me laugh, asEmily's co- worker, who was her post-divorce rebound. While these twohave brief roles, they are very funny and make the most of what theyare given.What makes this film memorable for me, is that it is realistic. Itdoesn't paint love out to be this magical thing that will automaticallymake anyone happy. It knows that love doesn't always work out, andoccasionally ends in heartbreak and/or violence. And while it'ssomewhat a cautionary tale, it ends hopefully and overall, kind ofhappily. It made me cry a little, and it made me laugh a lot. And whileit could have been a bit longer, and given its characters some moreroom to grow, it was a satisfying overall package that I wouldrecommend to someone who's trying to escape the summer of superheroflicks and sequels.