Romantic comedies are dime a dozen these days and they are all mostlytacky, boring or unbelievably clichéd and raunchy but even then theyare soulless rehashes of the same stuff over and over again. So when myfriend recommended "Crazy, Stupid, Love", I wasn't too interested towatch another romcom even though it starred some of my favorite actorslike Emma Stone, Julianne Moore, Steve Carell, Bacon and Ryan Gosling.But, she finally persuaded me to watch this with her last week and boydo I wish I had seen this sooner.An average middle-aged couple, Cal (Steve Carell) and Emily Weaver(Julianne Moore) are out on a date when Emily announces that she wantsa divorce as she is stuck in a rut and is bored by her married life.Cal cannot process the thought that the woman he loves doesn't want himanymore and is sleeping with another guy, Lindhaaaaaagen (Kevin Bacon)and leaves home. He keeps on moping at the hot local club to everybodywho would listen to his plight. Here Jacob Palmer (Ryan Gosling), whois a real charming ladies man and seems quite successful in his life,decides to help out Cal in becoming a real man and score with theopposite sex. But Jacob cannot score with this one hottie, Hanna (EmmaStone) who is in a stupid relationship with a lawyer, according to herbest friend. The rest of the movie is about how their paths collidewith each other and a babysitter's crush on the dad, while the soncrushes on the babysitter.This movie is really refreshingly different from the tons of otherromcoms that are being churned out by Hollywood. Its surprisingly deepwithout throwing it at our faces, tugged at my heartstrings in a fewscenes and yet made me laugh so much and relate to these flawedcharacters. Marissa Tomei's cameo role was awesome! Emma is as usual,brilliant in the movie. Its nice to see Gosling in a comedy after along time. He really looked and acted like a sexy heartthrob andreminded me of Jensen Ackles for some reason. Julianne and Carellrarely disappoint me. The lovestruck babysitter, Jessica (AnaleighTipton) deserves a special mention. It could have come off as cheesyand disgusting, but any scene involving her and Cal or her and the teenboy were so intense and ridiculously hilarious! Suffice to say that allthe actors were great and I can see no flaws in the storyline oranything which made me not like the movie in any way.Oh, and also nobody could predict that amazing twist at the end! Ifanybody says they could see it coming without knowing that beforehand,is just plain (insert expletive) you! Or they're just saying itrandomly and sticking to it. Most comedies are dragged down by thesecond half of the movie, but that never happens here. There's noslump!! All the credit goes to the writers and actors for pulling thisoff seamlessly and rooting it in reality while not compromising on thelaughs. It has its heart in the right place and the story doesn'tdepend on cheesy, raunchy antics to push the plot forward.As I grow older and being a guy, I am finding that the romcoms I onceloved are getting more nauseating day by day and there are very few ofthem that I really like. "Crazy, Stupid, Love" is a little gem of amovie, quite easily the best comedy of the year. I'm not exaggeratingwhen I say that this movie should have been nominated for the Oscars inplace of "Bridesmaids" if they wanted a distinct comedy movie to be inthe Best Picture category. Watch it folks, you won't be regretting it.10/10