Crazy, Stupid, Love follows Steve Carell as Cal, a married man of 25years to Emily (Julianne Moore). The couples come across a hurdle intheir marriage when Emily announces to an entire restaurant that shewants a divorce. Cal drowns his sorrows in a local bar, telling anyonethat will listen about his predicament. Jacob, a bachelor rightlyplayed by the gorgeous Ryan Gosling takes Cal under his wing and makesit his mission to help him become a new man and appeal to new potentiallove interests.The narrative also follows Jacob's relationship with the stunningHannah (Emma Stone) and even has a sub-plot of Cal's son Robbie (JonahBobo) who is completely infatuated by his older babysitter Jessica,played by Analeigh Tipton, who also has a huge teenage crush on Cal.The film is packed with different stories and characters in a hugetriangle of love, but Crazy, Stupid, Love navigates between all of themwith ease and intelligence.As for the acting, the film most definitely delivers. Carell gives oneof his best performances yet moving between depression, shame, andcompletely hilarious. His unique facial expressions are shattering insome scenes, and ridiculously comical in others. He displays a dramaticdepth unlike much of his other work such as The 40-year-old Virgin. Ihave mostly seen Gosling play depressing dramatic roles such as BlueValentine and The Notebook, but here he proves himself as a comedian,giving a hysterical performance nailing every line and mannerism. He isflawlessly groomed with twinkles in his eyes and sly grins, perfect forhis role as a ladies man who has all the money and swagger. Moore andCarell's characters combine in a way that makes you believe the pairreally are in a long-term marriage. Stone shines throughout the movieand her character is promptly lovable. Moore and Stone do not have suchbig parts, but give just as great performances, balancing the humourand drama, holding their own on-screen.Marisa Tomei also stars in the film giving a fierce but very funnyperformance as a recovering alcoholic schoolteacher who dates Calbriefly after his divorce. Kavin Bacon also humours the audience asEmily's co-worker, who was her rebound too. Although they are verybrief roles, they are hilarious in the scenes they were given. Therecan't be a more likable combination assembled together for a film. Theygel remarkably well and even when one character tries to becomeunlikable, the actor depicts him or her with such talent that it isimpossible not to like them. What I love most about this film is that it is realistic. It doesn'tpaint love to be a magical thing that makes someone happy all the timelike in fairy tales; it knows that love and relationships do not alwayswork out and occasionally ends up in heartbreak. It's a heart-warmingand somewhat painfully honest depiction of three couples and unfoldswith such a twist it's a massive, yet hilarious shock to the audience.It provided me a few tears but a lot of laughs; definitely a must-see.