Crazy, Stupid, Love is naturally about relationships. The one whichconsumes most of the film focuses on Steve Carell and Julianne Moorewho have been married for a very long 25 years. They are stuck in arut. They look exhausted and seem to just be going to through themotions of their monotonous relationship. In fact, they are getting adivorce. Carell moves out and immediately finds the local bar. It ishere that Ryan Gosling notices him as a very sad case of a man andassumes a Fairy Godmother role of personal improvement. He initiatesnew clothes, a new hairstyle, and a new way of thinking on the newlysingle and confused Carell.Most of this seems like a standard run-of-the-mill romantic comedy,which for some part it is. But the script is a bit savvier than to justthrow formulaic plot movements at the audience. The chemistry betweenCarell and Moore works. Carell reminds you of his Dan in Real Lifecharacter a bit and both actors really show a weight on their shoulderswhich their marriage has become. What does not work is the Ryan Goslingsituation and how he latches on to Carell. The motivation is lackingand the script really never bothers to explain it. Naturally, thewomanizing Gosling meets and falls for Emma Stone and this relationshipdoes not work either although they share a quality late night scenetogether. In fact, the Emma Stone character dangerously approachesSweet Home Alabama territory as she throws away a decent guy (JoshGroban's first film appearance) for the womanizing chauvinist.Unfortunately, what was once a real and tough script at pointscollapses into farce and a Three's Company misunderstanding at thefilm's climax and becomes so unbelievable that I was a bit sad thatCarell and Moore's marital problems are reduced to stock slapstick.Another let down is the inclusion of Marisa Tomei in the cast. It hasnothing to do with her character, but what is Tomei doing in such anunderwritten and one dimensional role? I thought her acting comeback inThe Wrestler would have saved her from something as minimal as this.On one hand, I praise this script for probing much deeper than theaverage insipid rom com. However, it severely plummets at key pointsand in a conniving manner manipulates certain characters which spoilits originality and wit. Also, what is going on with the movie poster?That particular scene in no way whatsoever represents this film. Thiswas a particularly poor choice by the advertising department.