I don't deliberately look for rom-coms in movie listings for the samereason I don't try on pairs of high heels before settling on my latestNikes; I am not the potential consumer they had in mind when theymanufactured the product. Put another way, I don't think ads for Crazy,Stupid Love were in high rotation on sports channels or in the pages ofFHM.But I have a 5 foot tall bundle of pent-up aggression that I mustperiodically pander to? Cal (Steve Carrell) and Emily (Julianne Moore)are a married couple intheir mid 40s on date night at a plush restaurant. After perusing themenu for a moment Cal asks his wife of 25 years what she wants, shereplies "a divorce". So the restaurant is not exclusively a la cartethen? (I would also ask why date night seemed a good time to break outthe news. I mean really, enjoy your meals guys.) Cal obviously had noinkling of the impending bombshell despite Emily previously admittingto a fling with a work colleague, and he seems to have understandabletrouble in processing the news that his last quarter century hasabruptly ended. Upon moving out he takes to drinking alone in a plushnightclub, annoying anyone who will listen with all too detailedspecifics of the reasons behind his malaise.Enter Jacob (Ryan Gosling *SWOON*), a younger man who similarlyfrequents the same club, but a man cut from decidedly different stock.Jacob is everything Cal is not, he is bold, smooth and aggressive, thekind of man women only see in slow motion. The kind of man that seemsto command the attention of all eyes in the room. The kind of man thatcan calmly eat dinner at the bar of the nightclub, wipe his mouth andimmediately approach a woman sitting two tables away with the expressintent of picking her up. For reasons unknown to anyone but thescriptwriter Jacob pities the older lion and he promises to 'reawakenthe man in you', cue the lengthy montage where he does just that, andCal is systematically reinvented from the New Balance sneakers on up.Now normally that would set the scene in a typical rom-com, with theingredients in the bowl it would simply be a case of playing out timein the unnecessarily complicated dance of inevitability, with whichevercouple is deemed worthy of enjoying the purest form of blisssmoocherooing for the final few seconds before the credits roll.But Crazy, Stupid Love is a deal more complicated than even that. Thereare numerous subplots and peripheral characters dancing heresimultaneously in an out of proceedings. The proliferation ofcharacters is a strength of the film ? Col's son in particular ishilariously awkward and clumsily blunt ? but it also requires asuspension of disbelief larger than more out there films such as SourceCode or Limitless. The spoiler-free version acknowledges that a rom-comdemands coincidences and twists, otherwise where is the muted suspenseto come from? But this film calls for far more than mere coincidence,the karma forces at play here are so very strong that I would suggestthe chances of actual occurrence would be the equivalent of winning thenational lottery three weeks in a row.But ultimately this is neither rom nor com, Crazy, Stupid Love has itsshare of romance (I guess) and is generally amusing without moving toofar into either twee or gross-out territory ? a line that seems to begetting harder to navigate ? and although there are precious few laughout loud moments on the plus side I never hated myself for sittingthere, predominantly due to the strength of the leads, Steve Carrelland Julianne Moore are so likable that it seems a shame that their fakemovie marriage ended, Emma Stone is rapidly making her name as the downto earth chick that threatens neither male nor female and it would behard to resent Kevin Bacon even if it was your wife he was hunting.Which brings me to Ryan Gosling, the current dreamboat for thirty-somewomen everywhere, nice and non-threatening enough to introduce him tothe folks yet ripped enough to leave them weak at the knees.I actually like the guy, but I don't really understand the allure of asoftly spoken man who constantly slurs his speech like Gosling does,regardless of how hot the boy is. I'm pretty sure that the drawl thingis a turn on when he's whispering in your ear, not so much when you'reasking ? for the 6th time ? why he hasn't managed to take the bins outeven with those great heaving muscles.I guess that's the beauty of the rom-com genre, for a couple of hoursthe normally unlikable becomes likable, the illogical somehow logicaland the reprehensible strangely 'hensible'. Crazy, Stupid Love takesseveral disparate individuals and has them variously hurting each otherin many ways, yet we as an audience can't help for some if not all ofthem to get together? in the traditional male/female marital unit senseat least.While I still haven't seen The Notebook (and hope I never will) I thinkCrazy, Stupid Love is a more palatable alternative for guys, and aboutas bearable as the rom-com genre can dish up.Final Rating ? 6 / 10. I will never watch this film again, but my firstviewing didn't hurt as much as I thought it would.