I read some the very negative reviews and came to this conclusion.....These people went to the movie but didn't really see it or they didn'teven go to see it and just created a Trollish (and very short) reviewwith no substance to it at all.First off. Too many Cinderella remakes? Well, guess what? It'll beremade probably 20 years from now too. What does that have to do withhow good or bad it was? For that matter,who cares? "Disappointingindeed", is something another said. What are the ways it wasdisappointing? No explanation,just an empty opinion."It is made for kids only and not for adults". Really?! I'm 46 and mygirlfriend in her 30s. We saw this last night and enjoyed it just asmuch as the kids and (guess what?) their parents were enjoying it too.A girl losing both of her parents? How in the world is that "for kidsonly"? I was amazed they dealt with it that directly and in a verymature manner, without making it too disturbing for very little kids."This movie was so boring." Okay again,"how" or in what ways was itboring? Just another blanket opinion."Nothing new?" It's a re-make of a 200 year old story,they have to tellit in mostly the way it was written but they did add somethingimportant, they gave all main/central characters real human qualitiesand emotions and even back-stories about who they are.CGI animation & special effects are amazing & seamless here. Thecostumes and attention to how people would dress in that era isflawless. Every actor in this film is 100% into their role and best ofall this movie "does" have heart,otherwise there'd be nothing to likeabout it.A rip off of others or a "copy & paste" job : There's only one realstoryline for Cinderella and that's (again) from the original story &book itself. Director Orlando and other filmmakers did not createCinderella. He and they only made their own versions.As for some alleging "Disney steals ideas"...aside from "a few"Cinderellas made before 1950, Disney pretty much made the definitiveand animated one that year. Any later versions are remakes either goodor just okay.In case any haven't heard ,the movie industry is 112 years old,there'sonly so many "fresh" ideas anymore."The acting is/was so tasteless". What is that statement based on?There's nothing tasteless in the film at all. As for acting, doesanyone really think it's easy to play such a "nice girl" as Ella andbalance that against all the negative things happening to her? I'm notin show business but I certainly know the difference between a boringfilm and a good ,fun and entertaining one. This movie "is" a goodmovie,it has every element that it takes to be so.Good actors, good directing,a well fleshed out script based onsomething already done before. ..and again, incredible detailedcostumes and sets & again great special effects, that bring theillusion of that time period to life. The music score is excellent aswell.About the feminists. Ella is a very strong girl and then woman. To putup with all she did and went through after her parents passed on, is atestament not only to being a strong female but being a strong personin general.I say that as a man raised by two good yet strong women.It's far too easy for people to be negative in a review here on IMDb.It's easy to see, some come from just from wanting to be mean andnegative because they want too,not because they actually saw the film.Making a bad or boring film is a very easy thing too,when all involveddon't make a real effort and just want to make money.It takes a better use of one's mind to create a movie (and remakes)like Cinderella and have it be successful and as well done as thisfilm.Ten stars? I'll give Cinderella (2015) twenty! An AA++ and 100% perfectscore. I will say and add that this movie will be an Oscar contender atnext year's Academy Awards.Anyone who rates it less did not open themselves up emotionally or evenmentally to just enjoying it for what it is and always was & willbe....a fairy tale. (END)