Ruskin was a dominating and influential public figure. Driven,dogmatic, intensely serious, argumentative and over timeself-contradictory. His great two volume "Stones of Venice" wereessential for the bookshelves of Victorians wishing to be seen ascultivated and engaged, with a deep interest in both architectural andreligious questions. Ruskin,father of the Gothic Revival,wrote the"Stones of Venice" as a very elaborate and extensive - and tenuous -justification for Gothic as the only true Protestant architecturalstyle comparing the historic governance of Venice with that of England.Ruskins obsessive advocacy spawned the hundreds of churches and dozenof town halls built in the Gothic style in Victorian England. It is possible I think to form something of a picture of Ruskin'scharacter from his writings - and even for high Victorian England itdoes not bode well for any future marriage partner. Ruskin was muchphotographed so his appearance is well known. His demeanour could beguessed at. Apart from his voice one might form a fairly detailedpicture of him. So close was Greg Wise to my picture of Ruskin,particularly his demeanour that it was quite a startling experience.Effie though was a perfectly normal young woman. Her lover, Millais toowas a very normal man. She had the misfortune to marry a very giftedbut tightly buttoned up - in a number of senses - man.It does however mean that the interest - because of its oddity - wasRuskin - and his parents, immensely proud their odd offspring. Topportrayals of the parents and notably too, Derek Jacobi as Effie'ssolicitor. Emma Thompson's screenplay has such fidelity to the mannersand mores of the period, the difficulties of speaking about mattersthen of great delicacy. It is an antidote to the unspeakable screenplayfor "Victoria". The normality of Effie and Millais - and the relativelycolourless portrayals - made these parts of the film drag. However Ionly caught the last quarter of the film or less so look forward toseeing it on DVD asap A 7.5A footnote is a recent book which questions Ruskin's impotence as thecause of his problem with Effie (the writer suggests it was money) butas it was Ruskin himself who wrote (to his solicitors) as anuncomfortable admission that the "circumstances" of Effie's body werenot such as to inspire (his) passion - it is difficult not to believethis as anything other than the real cause. Nobody knows exactly whathe meant but seems decisive.