MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD.I just got around to watching this movie. I was really looking forwardto it - I had never heard of the book, but I really liked Emma Watsonin the Harry Potter series and I generally like watching coming-of-agemovies. And after the first 30 minutes, my pleasant anticipation seemedentirely justified. I really loved the first half an hour, it had somany great scenes in it: The innocent Charlie eating a hash brownie andbeing high for the first time, blabbering entertaining absurdities anddemanding a milkshake, Emma Watson experiencing freedom while listeningto David Bowie and of course my favorite, the awesome high school dancewhere Sam and Patrick do the 'living room dance'. So, after about 1/3of its runtime, the movie looked really promising to me.Sadly, it went all downhill from there for me. One reviewer here statedthat he liked about this movie how it replaced 'tired clichés' andwhile I of course respect anyone's opinion, I actually felt a lot ofclichés were merely repeated here. The shy, introverted guy with thegood heart, who likes poems and reading, falls in love with thegood-looking, upbeat girl whose only negative character trait seems tobe constantly falling for douches. Her stepbrother, Patrick, is gay anddating one of the popular football playing kids, Brad, who is secretlygay, but obviously doesn't want to tell anybody and instead hides hisrelationship with Patrick. Eventually, Brad's father catches the twomaking out and punishes his son violently.Meanwhile, Charlie and Sam clearly have romantic feelings for eachother, but Sam has a boyfriend and because of this, Charlie doesn'tdare to ask her out. He gets in a distinctively unhappy relationshipwith one of their friends instead, Mary Elizabeth, but eventually hasto confess he doesn't love her and only wants Sam. In the end, it isrevealed that Sam's boyfriend has cheated on her the whole time,because, well, he's a douche, and before Sam leaves for university, sheand Charlie finally get their big romantic moment they've been cravingall along, confessing their love for each other and making outenthusiastically.Doesn't that sound awfully familiar? To me, it does. It's the typicalromance 'chick-flick' structure, just mixed with a coming-of-age talehere. I awarded six stars to this movie because, even though it'sclichéd, there's no denying it's well done - the acting is decent, thedialog is mostly good and the soundtrack is awesome. The little twistat the end regarding Charlie's aunt comes unexpected and makes kind ofsense, but wasn't absolutely necessary to the story in my opinion. Allin all, a decent movie with a lot of heart that really cares for itscharacters, but definitely no revelation and a little overrated here onIMDb, me thinks.