I kinda wish someone had warned me about this film, and at the sametime, kinda happy I had no idea what was coming. If I had known exactlywhat this film was about, I may have been slightly reticent to go seeit by myself, but I think I would have been equally as embarrassed tohave seen it with other people.Why? Because five minutes in, the film managed to grab hold of me on anemotional level like no film has done in decades, forcing me to fightagainst tears tooth and nail right through until the credits began toroll. And I am not exaggerating. Not even remotely. And I just barelywon the fight.With that in mind, I'll keep the details to a minimum, but I warn you,if my words move you to see this film, you may want to go in prepared(or wait for the DVD), although little could have prepared me for sucha beautifully honest and gut-wrenching film.Charlie is a loner. He had a best friend, but that friend is gone. He'sabout to start high school, but just doesn't quite fit in anywhere. Abrilliant student with a complete lack of social skills. That is, untilhe finds every ounce of courage he has to speak with Patrick. Andsuddenly, he is introduced to a world of people kind of like him.People who don't need to question him to understand him.He found a band of wallflowers.I was well-aware that this little indie-ish film had been extremelywell-received by critics, and has managed a moderate box office.However, what piqued my interest is the fact that, as Oscar murmurspick up strength and sail from whispers to rumbles, critics aftercritic have randomly called this movie out of left field as a film thatshould up "for your consideration." All I could think was, "Wow,really? A teen movie is THAT good?" Well, without hesitation, I can saywith all honesty that it is really that good. I will go as far to saythat it may just be the best film I have seen all year.Much of the Oscar whispers focus on two things: the flawless script byStephen Chbosky (who adapted the film from his own epistolary 1999novel of the same name and also directed) and Ezra Miller. After aphenomenal turn as a tormented teen in last year's exquisitelydisturbing "We Need to Talk about Kevin," Miller's Patrick is indeed anincredibly memorable young man, playing a teen held back at school withskin that has become so thick, he is not a victim of the torment of hispeers, but has instead learned to embrace it. Emma Watson, in her firstpost-"Harry Potter" starring role, is stunning as Sam, in terms of bothher physicality and her acting, the beautiful young woman who is tryingto put her past behind her and find her place in the world. But, in myhumble opinion, the bulk of emotional gravitas radiates from the film'srising star, Logan Lerman. As the conflicted, unstable and completelylost Charlie, Lerman's performance is nothing short of revelatory. Withevery look, awkward touch and utterance from his mouth, he is likeMichael Cena stripped of sarcasm and overloaded with brilliance andemotion.And while their screen time ranges from actively supporting to mereminutes, even the secondary roles, played by Paul Rudd as "thatteacher" that some of us will remember and cherish forever , Kate Walsh("Private Practice") and Dylan McDermott ("American Horror Story") asCharlie's parents, and Mae Whitman ("Parenthood") as one of thewallflowers, add to the incredible emotional complexity, lending thisfilm such an unobtrusive air of honesty and genuine feeling that to notbe deeply moved by the story as it unfolds before you is practicallyinconceivable.If you have always been the pretty one with the perfect grades or theperfect job, the popularity, and attention focused on you, maybe youwon't quite get it. But for the majority of us who have ever spent timewondering where the hell we fit in in this world, whether it be back inhigh school...or right now...keep the Kleenex close. If this film doesnot move you to your very foundation, make you think of where you havebeen, maybe where you are, or worry about what your kids might besilently going through, I don't know what else would."The Perks of Being a Wallflower" is such an acutely executed film, itoverflows with authenticity thanks to extraordinary performances by analmost implausibly perfect cast of young talent. If the AMPAS votersfail to take notice, it will be a shame, not just because nothing elsehit the big screen this year like it and it deserves the extrarecognition, but because an entire generation or two (or three) shouldtake notice.Yes, it is THAT good. In a world where we need to assure our youngergeneration that "it gets better," parents, teachers, wallflowers?Please, take notice. And grab the Kleenex. You've been warned.