It was difficult to enjoy Disney's live-adaptation of "Cinderella" whenshe - Lily James' Ella - was such an insufferably stupid and weakperson, who allowed herself to be stepped on by her step-family allbecause her mother told her to be "courageous and kind" at all times.Well, if that means smiling like a dumb idiot whilst your step- mothertakes pleasure in treating you like garbage, then such a teaching ismorally reprehensible. There is a massive difference between being"kind" and being a "doormat", and Ella falls safely into the lattercategory. Whilst, in the 1998 film "Ever After", Drew Barrymore's Danielle is inthe exact same situation as Ella because it is the same freaking, butshe deals with her circumstances in a very different manner. Instead ofjust accepting her lot and dreaming that one day a man will come andrescue her, Danielle covertly rebels against her step- mother's tyrannyto actively DO good.The message of the film to be "courageous and kind" was sickeningbecause Ella was neither brave OR kind. She was simply a complacentdummy who did everything she was told to - even though she didn't haveto because she was a grown woman when her father had passed (and I'mpretty sure her legal standing hadn't been reduced to that of aservant, like Danielle's was in "Ever After"). Also, asides fromtalking to unresponsive animals and (stupidly) giving them whateverfood she had, Ella never actually ever did anything "kind".Also, despite "Cinderella" having been released in 2015, it sticks tothe age-old idea that ugly women must be evil and continues to pitwomen against each other based on their looks. "Cinderella" could haveexplored patriarchal confinements, of the time, that forced women tofight against each other in order to gain a wealthy and/or titledhusband in order to better their standard of living. But, nope,"Cinderella" instead chooses to stick with a superficial conflict: thestep-sisters hate Ella just because she's better looking than them. Itsstupid and does nothing for female development and teachesimpressionable children a completely flawed and outdated "lesson".Furthermore, the performances from the heroine and the hero were prettyweak. Lily James tried desperately to convey a sort of wide- eyedinnocence that can only come with being a child, but she instead cameacross as a breathy airhead with intelligence issues. Maybe herstep-sisters were right: Cinderella is a half-wit. Richard Madden, onthe other hand, was decent in his scenes with the King but otherwise hewas awkward and stifled - totally unromantic. The leads had barely anychemistry and any attempt at trying to ignite something romantic felterotic and inappropriate instead (scene in the ballroom with all thebizarre panting).Cate Blanchett served the stand-out performance, but she's QueenBlanchett and rarely ever puts a foot wrong. I also thought that thecostumes in the film were really beautiful, and I loved Cinderella'swedding dress (gorgeous!). The special effects were pretty good, butthe CGI on Helena Bonham Carter was laughably bad. Those were reallythe only things I liked about the film, which justifies my score of 2instead of 1. However, I do have two more complaints: firstly, the narration. HearingHelena Bonham Carter's cheese-grater like voice that comes through herclenched teeth really, really bothered me. It was incessant andirrelevant. I don't know why constant narration has become thenew-trend in film making. It completely defies the purpose of SHOW andnot TELL - narration should be used as a framing device, not as adevice to tell the whole freaking story when film is a VISUAL ART. Fromthe very beginning, the narration put a damper on my enjoyment factor.Secondly, at the end of the film when Prince Kit asks Ella her name,instead of replying with her REAL name she responds and says that she's"Cinderella" which really upset me. She was basically allowing herstep-family to claim ownership over her by using the name they gave herinstead of the name given to her by her parents.If you want to watch a fresh reinterpretation of the classic story ofCinderella, you should just watch "Ever After" instead. Yeah, it mightlook a bit dated in comparison but it benefits from superior dialogue,storytelling and characterisation.