The controversy over "Effie Gray" may have been more interesting thanthe film itself. Screenwriter Emma Thompson was accused of plagiarismby writers of two earlier versions of the Gray saga but fortunately forher, the plaintiffs were unsuccessful. Nonetheless, as a result of thelitigation, Ms. Thompson engaged in no publicity junkets to publicizeher film."Effie Gray" is based on the true 19th century story of the youngScottish girl's marriage to the noted British art critic, John Ruskin.Effie was 19 at the time and Ruskin, 29. However, Ruskin, played byGreg Wise, is currently 48, which might give some viewers unfamiliarwith the history the wrong impression that Ruskin was robbing thecradle.Thompson ably depicts what happened between Gray and Ruskin. As anaive, inexperienced girl, Effie's dreams of wedded bliss are shatteredwhen she comes to live with Ruskin and his parents at their Londonestate. Ruskin's mother is particularly critical of Effie and they bothare way over protective of their son. It soon becomes clear that Ruskinhas no interest in sex and actually tells his new bride that sherepulses him.Effie finds an ally in Lady Elizabeth Eastlake (played by Thompson),wife of the head of the Royal Academy of Arts, who is distressed by therepressive situation Effie faces at the Ruskin household. A trip toVenice does nothing to help the couples' floundering union, and Effieis further distressed by Ruskin's lack of attention, especially when arandy Italian, Rafael, attempts to seduce her.The rest of this saga focuses on Effie's burgeoning melancholia and atrip up to Scotland, where Ruskin commissions a young painter, EverettMillais, to paint his portrait. Sure enough Effie falls for Millais butnothing gets consummated until Effie returns to London and isencouraged by Lady Elizabeth to sue for the annulment of the marriageon the grounds of her husband's impotence.That's basically it folks! The story is unusual in that the villain ofthe piece is hardly guilty of what one might call a "seriousinfraction." But that's mainly the problem: the stakes are so low thatone can hardly get excited about the goings-on here. The actors,screenwriter and cinematographer have acquitted themselves well here asthis is a fine film to look at. Nonetheless, it's also a listlessaffair which I'm not sure was really worth telling.