This may be somewhat disjointed, but there are significant problemswith this film.First off, I love how Emma Watson looks, but she is not organic. Herline delivery is terrible. How are we supposed to buy a 17 year oldsaying "Welcome to the island of misfit toys"--really? She loses heraccent only somewhat, and moves her head before every single line. Andshows a complete lack of inhibition at all times, whereas Patrick andCharlie still have some moments of varied emotion. And if she's thesecond most important character, where is the depth of storyline andevidence of "I'm a messed up kid". She mentions that she had oldergentleman boyfriends at 11 and got drunk in freshman year and waspromiscuous. Then all of that totally disappears and she acts like anormal person throughout the film. Her other emotional opportunity is"he said I was right to have broken up with him". There is no anger orrevenge shown, just a matter of fact thing statement. Emma Watson stillhas a lot of development to do.Patrick was great, range of emotions was believable, his acting wasbrilliant, and his reactions were on cue. No qualms with him.Problems: Why does everyone think Charlie is a great writer if he neverreally a) tells them, b) shows them, or c) demonstrates. He hands someessays to his English teacher and then they have this huge connectiondue to Charlie liking him and his teacher giving him books and onlysaying "We accept the love we think we deserve". So that makes him thebest teacher ever and it also makes Charlie a great writer-though henever attempts a novel. The father and mother have about three lines,and in the book the Dad was a lot more stand-offish. You can't prove afather stand-offish if he's just not in a lot of shots. The mother hasless lines than the repeated lines of Aunt Helen.Charlie. Great acting, but there's a huge problem with the way the filmis developed and how his role comes about. They only mention "It isgetting bad" and then keep it vague. Who the hell says things like"it's getting bad" and then are you seeing things again. There isbarely any mention of his stay in a hospital during middle school, andtell me what teenager with light suicidality stays in a hospital for ayear? Or even 3 months after his "breakdown". Even if it's supposed tobe in the '80s that seems off.Mary Elizabeth is apparently a punk rock Buddhist, and then all of thesudden she calls at all hours of the day when they go out--does notseem consistent with her character.Charlie--you're saying that a guy who doesn't work out has the abilityto black out and beat up three football players, and that the footballplayers are suddenly stunned and decide to just look stunned ratherthan fighting back? Really?Then someone thinks it's a good idea for Charlie to have a pot browniewithout telling him and he doesn't freak out? And of course they toasthim. And there is no detail about his "friend" he writes to or hisfriendship with his best friend who just commit suicide. But about thepot brownie. He is completely fine, then decides voluntarily in thesame month or two to try LSD, having never actually smoked. Who doesthat? Not to mention the absolute lack of supervision throughout theentire film. These kids are allowed to do whatever they want and havehouse parties seemingly every week with alcohol and drugs, and onlyonce are almost caught (sadie Hawkins). Again, what teenager decides todo LSD after ingesting a pot brownie once, unknowingly?Then there's the Rocky Horror Picture Show. The QB is fine to be in thecrowd of people, but cannot be in the show itself because someone wouldsee him. What? And how the hell do all these 17 and 18 year olds allhave the leads to this production. You're telling me that anyone whohad been at this theater for this production had decided to give up thereins to acting in RHPS to this band of teenagers who apparently knoweverything about it? And that Charlie has no memories of his Aunt whenhe's touching breasts of Sam in the show and Mary Elizabeth, but thensuddenly has a revelation when Sam's hand slides to his nether regions?And Sam is totally okay with them going to have sex as soon as Charliesays I wanted to ask her out, knowing Charlie? What happens at thatpoint?This film is absolutely illogical and does terrible justice to thebook. Emma Watson is gorgeous but unconvincing, Logan could be good inthe future, and Ezra has a brilliant career in front of him. But forgod's sake, this is not a good movie.