I usually don't bother reviewing anything at IMDb that's already beenreviewed a hundred times, but since the vast majority of reviews hereare glowing, I thought I'd offer my two cents.I kind of hated Perks of Being a Wallflower. Why? It was like an angstoverdose in a depressing fantasy world. Now I know there existsbullying in high school, but generally high school is not like it isportrayed here. Everyone in high school is not mean to you from thefirst to the last day and even if jocks can be insensitive, depictingthem as nothing but evil bullies is a tired, stale plot mechanism.The main character Charlie is so introverted that we never quite careabout him. I'm remembering the introverted character from Almost Famousand how he ended up being really funny and lovable. I really didn'tfeel anything for Charlie. And both his parents are just robots sowe're never given an explanation of why he is the way he is other thanhis aunt molested him and then died in a car accident. Really? That'swhat totally screwed up an otherwise normal, intelligent, halfway goodlooking kid?Patrick is probably the best character but, really, he's a flamingqueer and knows every word of the Rocky Horror Picture Show by heartbut he has never heard of David Bowie's song Heroes? Really? And heisn't into theater? He just goes to parties and acts flamboyant whilehe is secretly depressed? Yet he and the rest of the "wallflowers"probably have more friends than any of the so-called "cool" kids do, sowhat are they so depressed about?The teacher Mr. Anderson is a minor, minor character yet supposedly hehas a great impact on Charlie's life. Why? Because he gives him books?There seemed to be some homo-erotic thing going on there that's nevertouched upon. Perhaps a moment a bit more awkward than the hug Charliegives him--that might have shed some light on their mysteriousrelationship.Charlie's high school crush Sam is an okay character but she also justsort of goes along with the absence of plot. She tells Charlie that sheloves him but then she acts totally surprised when Charlie kisses herduring the game of truth or dare. Really? And then later she's in lovewith him again or something. Whatever.And of course there's Brad (no, can't be a reference to Rocky Horror,can it) the football star who is having a secret love affair withPatrick, a love affair that's so obvious that the only ones who can'tsee it are all Brad's knuckle-headed jock friends who don't evenquestion him even when Patrick practically announces it in thecafeteria.And where are the rest of the freshman, and the sophomores, and thejuniors. This schools seems to have one freshman, Charlie, and everyoneelse is a senior. It makes NO sense.I kept looking at the time realizing I still had forty five minutes, ahalf hour, twenty minutes to go, wanting to puke from eating so muchangst, until I finally was shouting out loud "It's David Bowie's songHeroes, good God, it's not exactly obscure!!!!"