"The Perks of Being a Wallflower" redefines the classic Americancoming-of-age story. Writer/director Steven Chbosky has raised the baron the traditional adolescent drama, with an emotionally-chargednarrative infused with just enough bold strokes of joy and heartbreakto set a new benchmark for what the genre can accomplish.Based on Chbosky's own novel of the same name, the movie is aboutgrowing up in a tough and unforgiving world, yes, with its requisitelessons on overcoming obstacles. But it also touches on tragic notionsof loss and grief, rarely explored in coming-of-age films with suchmastery.Chbosky has said that if viewers take away one message from the film,it's that "you are not alone." This seemingly simple thought can't comeat a better time, as bullying and its often devastating consequenceshave dominated headlines in recent months.The book's premise is deceptively straightforward. 15-year-old Charlie(Logan Lerman) keeps a diary of letters addressed to someone real orimagined. "Dear Friend," each entry begins, as he recalls histumultuous high school days, celebratory one moment, heartbreaking thenext, but always poignant and full of promise. The movie bringsCharlie's writing to life, with a charming cadre of schoolmates (andthe occasional peripheral adult) taking the stage as Charlie stands inthe spotlight. It's an ideal structure for a narrative as free ofboundaries as the promising world of the adolescent. Charlie iseveryteen, we've all been there, or have we? The Perks of Being aWallflower wanders down paths seldom seen on screen, into surprisinglyshocking territory that challenges audiences to open their hearts.The indie look and feel of the film is undeniable from the start.Single-point lighting is used effectively as a plot device. Charlie'sface often appears split down the center, one side brightly lit, theother in soft shadow, mirroring his conflicted soul and sense ofconfusion, trapped between two worlds. Light falls gently on him whenhe's serene, more harshly in moments of crisis. The darkness hides thesecrets he deftly keeps to himself as the narrative unfolds.Audiences of all ages will be able to relate to the 80s modern rocksoundtrack -- evocative songs you undoubtedly know and love, spanninggenerations from Boomers to today's teens. Sound design is brilliantlyorchestrated with action timed perfectly to the music cues. MichaelBrook's original score is appropriately minimal. Nothing needs to beunderlined here in a story that has no filler or room to breathe. Not aframe is wasted on extended character development or conventionaltransitions in this visualization of Charlie's nonstop roller-coasterof a diary.Andrew Dunn's stunning cinematography patiently engages the viewer,eschewing the hand-held shaky cam style so prevalent in the genre. Hisuse of slow motion dolly shots brings us, literally, into Charlie'sworld. The boy's fear and sense of unease is heightened by intensecloseups that reveal the bittersweet emptiness in his eyes. There's alot more going on in that youthful head than he allows those around himto see, but even he isn't aware of it. We are but voyeurs, watching,examining, trying to make sense of Charlie's vulnerability andconfusion.Editor Mary Jo Markey's loving hand allows us to embrace the plot'stwists and turns without skipping a beat. The pace is calm butdeliberate, and it's clear that Dunn, Markey, and the rest of theproduction team are as devoted to Chbosky's vision as a boyexperiencing his first romance. You only have one chance to get itright.Chbosky has unquestionably assembled one of the most talented youngensemble casts in recent memory. As Charlie's love interest Sam,22-year-old Emma Watson dominates the screen with the maturity andwisdom that only a polished veteran could bring to the role. NinaDobrev, Julia Garner, and Mae Whitman are the free-spirited girls whosurround Charlie and attempt to bring him to life. Their performancesshine with an authenticity that is clearly rooted in passion for thematerial. On the male side, Johnny Simmons portrays football jock Brad,whose enigmatic personality figures prominently in the story in wayswhich will be left to the viewer. Nicholas Braun and Reece Thompson arestandouts in support and much-needed comic relief.As Charlie's would-be best friend Patrick, Ezra Miller is shockinglybrilliant as a gay-go-lucky teen who lives life as if every day is hislast. His joie de vivre is infectious and vacuums the pain out ofanyone who comes near.But "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" primarily rests on the shouldersof Logan Lerman. As Charlie, his ability to play down to 15 (he was 19at the time) owes itself to a physical transformation he brings toevery role -- in this case, widening his eyes and keeping anexpressionless face that projects puppy dog innocence. His posture,walk, and pattern of speech all serve to underscore Charlie's youthfulvulnerability. However "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" is remembered,wherever it stands in the pantheon of coming-of-age pictures, Lerman'sauthentic characterization of Chbosky's semi-autobiographicalprotagonist should stand as one of the most iconic adolescentportrayals of our time.Some films are intensely personal, and that's as it should be. Artshould move you, and you bring your own life experience to the tablewhen considering it. "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" was so much morethan I imagined. I expected to be moved but I had no idea where thefilm would take me. Whether or not you will be similarly affected issomething you'll need to discover for yourself. I think you will.