After watching this movie, personally speaking, it was a good retellingfairy tale. I think audience must have read this story during theirchildhood. People have their own Cinderella's image in their own mind.In this movie, it did not make a huge change of the original fairytale. I think the Disney Company is a great team, which is good atdirecting the fairy tale. In this time, they used the most traditionalway to help audience build their Cinderella. Because the film is a wellmade, it created the glass slipper, the pumpkin coach, the true loveand happy ending, which satisfied with people's dreams of theCinderella during their childhood. PRO: the movie is a well made in every aspect, which bring us back tothe European classical beauty. The cloths, prop, and magic in the movieengage both the mind and the eye of audience. For the plot of movie, itdeleted the plot of two stepsisters how to cut the toe off and cut offpart of heal in order to wear the glass slipper, which is too bloody tochildren. I think this change is great because it not only protect thechildren, but also makes the hold movie more beautiful. Moreover, thismovie weakened the value of vanity. In the story of the Cinderella,Cinderella meets the prince at the party. The prince was attracted bythe Cinderella's dress and beauty. And the Cinderella lives happyforever because she married with the prince and she is beautiful.However, in the movie, Cinderella first meets with the prince in theforest. The prince was attracted by the Cinderella's kind. And theCinderella also did not know the identity of the prince. Then, theyfall in love. I think this plot is valuable because the original storymakes audience feel that the prince loves the Cinderella because of herbeauty and beautiful dress; and the Cinderella loves the prince becauseof his identity. CON: although it is hard for me to say some disadvantages of the movie,I also feel it is missing something. During the watching, my friendsand I both felt a little boring. I think the reason people feel boringis that the story is famous. Everyone knows the plot of the story.Moreover, we were not children anymore. We will require more plots toattract our interests. Therefore, we will feel boring of the movie. Furthermore, I love the performance of the Cate Blanchett. She was thestepmother in the movie. She shows the vicious and evil of thestepmother, which makes me feel excellent. Because of her greatperformance, she controlled the whole movie and stole the show of theCinderella.