Right now Disney's current trend with their live-action films has beena series of live-action re-imaginings of their animated classics.Obviously this has proved to be a rather polarizing tactic amongstcertain fans, namely because they believe that these are intended toreplace the original films. Well I can assure you that this ain't theintention. You see the internet has this mentality about remakes thatthey're supposed to replace the original when that's not the case.Hell, even if they don't end up being very good, the original is nottainted in any way. And that's been the case with Disney's live- actionremakes, even the ones that haven't been well-received like the 'Alice'films and 'Maleficent'.'Cinderella', however, was the first of these remakes to actually bewell-received by critics and rightfully so as it truly is a beautifulnew adaptation of the story that Disney first told in their 1950animated classic. The original 'Cinderella' is easily one of myall-time favorites when it comes to Disney's animated films so I wasreally excited to see this new version and I absolutely loved it. Sureit's basically just the same story as the original but it manages toupdate it by doing some things better than the original. Namely, therelationship between Ella and the Prince in this version is much moredeveloped compared to the original where they immediately fall in loveand only share a few scenes together. Lily James is absolutelyfantastic in the role of Ella while Richard Madden proves to be, forlack of a better term, a very charming Prince Charming. Of course therest of the cast is fantastic as well, from Cate Blanchett's excellenttake on Lady Tremaine to Helena Bonham Carter's scene-stealing turn asthe Fairy Godmother.But like the original, the film has gotten some flak from feministsover its title character, Cinderella. The argument is that thecharacter is too passive of a protagonist who only sits around waitingto be rescued. Now this is an argument I've never really agreed with.Sure Cinderella doesn't really do as much compared to some futureDisney princesses but there's more to her than that. She reallydeserves credit for being able to put up with all of the crap she getsthrown her way by her evil stepmother and stepsisters. The film verymuch maintains the theme of encouraging people to 'have courage and bekind'. And let's face it folks... those are good words to live by intoday's age.Like I said before, these Disney remakes aren't replacing theoriginals. They're just here to serve as interesting new takes on theiroriginal source material. And as much I know I'm going to get a lot offlak for this by those who are opposed to the remakes... I think thisnew Cinderella is better than the original. Don't get me wrong theoriginal is still an animated masterpiece but as a whole I feel thatKenneth Branagh delivered a fantastic adaptation that both reflects theoriginal while also being its own thing.