Die-hard traditionalism is both the greatest strength and the greatestweakness of Kenneth Branagh's version of "Cinderella," that seminaltale of a young orphaned girl who suffers great abuse at the hands ofher evil stepmother and stepsisters, but who is transformed by a fairygodmother into the belle of the ball and thus winds up living happilyever after married to a handsome prince (should I have included aspoiler alert with that last part?). On the one hand, one appreciates the movie's sincerity and squareness,its resistance - in the face of what I imagine was a fair amount ofpressure - to provide that cynical and snarky postmodern "spin" thatalmost inevitably attaches itself to any contemporary adaptation of aliterary classic (see "Noah" and "The Great Gatsby," for just two ofthe more recent examples). The risk, however, is that our veryfamiliarity with the story will dilute our interest as we sit aroundwaiting for the well-worn plot points to play themselves out. Yet,despite our over-familiarity with the material, it's amazing just howcaught up we become in the story and outcome, as strong a testament tothe durability of the story as anything I can think of.Certainly, this "Cinderella" is as good as any we're likely to get forthe foreseeable future. The screenplay by Chris Weitz is loosely basedon the Disney animated classic from 1950 - sans the musical numbers,that is. The transition from animation to live-action works wellenough, though the CGI mice here are a mite lethargic and lacking inpersonality compared to their cell-drawn predecessors in the originalfilm. Lily James ("Downton Abbey" and the upcoming 'War and Peace") lights upthe screen as Cinderella, charming without being overly cutesy, andfeisty without being anachronistically modern. Richard Madden issuitably scrubbed and bland as her Prince Charming, while CateBlanchett, Sophie McShera and Holliday Grainger score as her cruel andboorish stepmother and stepsisters, respectively. Derek Jacobi is theking and Helena Bonham Carter plays the fairy godmother who alsonarrates the tale.It's safe to say that this visually ravishing version of "Cinderella"will become a home video staple for generations to come. And, for theless romantically-inclined among us, the midnight-escape scene alone isworth the price of admission.