Everyone knows the story of Cinderella. She's treated like a slave byher evil stepmother and ugly stepsisters, she goes to the ball, meetsthe prince and leaves her slipper which the Prince then uses to findher again to live happily ever after. The End. This remake of the1950's Disney classic tells this same story only this time in liveaction. Although the film isn't going to gain any points onoriginality, the film is beautifully made and does more than enough togain points elsewhere.Firstly, the acting is great. The casting interesting as it shows offthe best of British, from well established names such as Helena BonhamCarter and Derek Jacobi, to relatively new, up and comers such as LilyJames and Richard Madden. The cast is great but a special mention wouldhave to go to Lily James. James is perfectly cast as Cinderella anddoes a great job with this film proving to be one to watch out for asshe will be going places in the future. Alongside the British majorityis Cate Blanchett as Cinderella's evil bitch of a Stepmother. Blanchettdoes as you would expect from a two time academy award winning actress,she knocks it out the park. The acting as a whole is superb and plays ahuge part in the enjoyment one can have with this feature.With a mostly British cast also comes a British director. KennethBranagh stays behind the camera to direct this adaptation, and he doesso brilliantly. The visuals are beautiful, from the settings to thecostume you can tell that a lot of hard work has gone into making theanimation literally come to life (or at least live action). Branagh'svision is a mesmerising one that is made complete with great actingthat I'm sure Branagh is responsible for also. Who better to delivergreat performances from their cast than a fellow thespian acting asdirector.Overall Cinderella is well made re-telling of the classic Walt Disneytale. With great costumes, acting and direction this remake is one thatwill astonish little girls of today as the original would have doneback in 1950.