This year's undoubtedly greatest and most noteworthy "teen movie",Stephen Chbosky's The Perks of Being a Wallflower, is a terrificexample of the triumph of pure, uncompromised artistic integrity andfearless exploration of dark, deep, unconventional, and not necessarilymarketable themes and characters. It's only resemblance to the typicalslothful cash cows that are fed to bored adolescents through theHollywood production line is the timing and screen time allocation ofthe usual exposition, positive change in circumstances, complication,and transitional pathos leading to a more upbeat resolution. Here,every single rung of the narrative ladder is laden with solid,challenging, meaningful material that remains sturdy during each tonalshift between comedic and tragic.Taking total control of an adaptation of his own book as bothscreenwriter and director, Chbosky very maturely probes both the socialdynamics of the Wallflowers, a group of close high school friends whoseinterests lie across the broad range of areas other than football,supermodels and pop music, and the incredibly painful life of it'sincredibly likable, oddball protagonist, Charlie (Logan Lerman). TheIndie, eccentric wallflower gang, the real life equivalent of theHollywood "nerds", who more of us are or have been a part of than onemight expected are depicted with a very endearing realism thatcelebrates their alternative coolness. The two members who are most featured, Patrick (Ezra Miller) and Sam(Emma Watson), proudly parade into Charlie's initially lonely life as abattered, frightened, intensely introverted, humbly intelligentfreshman who expresses himself in letters to a friend who isnon-existent and featureless, but feels he ought to have. Theytouchingly take them under his wing exerting an air of confidentweirdness, despite their own deep- seated insecurities that might notbe as troubling as Charlie's very unsettling issues with insanity, butpresent just as many problems. Chbosky and Lerman make Charlie, thesweetest, kindest, most sensitive and convincing shy underdog ever toopen a film with snarky complaints about one's high school days, andbecause of Chbosky's very mature approach to crafting this story, hismaddening torment from the many guilt-ridden tragedies of his past areinstantly understood, and only endear us more to him. The same goes forPatrick, who is quickly revealed to be a closet homosexual desperatelytrying to quench his thirst in a half-hearted affair with a two-facedjock (budding heartthrob Johnny Simmons) who fears his father'shomophobic rage, but still derives primal pleasure from their secretsessions.Despite initially seeming incredibly self-confident with his effortlesswitticisms and relaxed banter with friends and Sam, his newstep-sister, Patrick is soon revealed to be as internally unsteady asCharlie is internally intelligent. Charlie purposely quietens hisimpressive intellect at school in fear of some surprisingly realisticbullies, so his savvy and pleasingly unsentimental English teacher, MrAnderson (Paul Rudd), discreetly slips him a string of extra novels tosatisfy his voracious literary appetite.This student-teacher relationship and all other potentially cloyingaspects of the story are handled with much more subtlety and restraintthan I'm sure many audience members will be respecting. Make nomistake, this is a quirky piece, but certainly not cute and"heartwarming" in the usual. It doesn't try to charm you with sicklysweet sentiment that is supposed to "grow on you." Instead, it'sstrategy is to bombard its audience with themes and events that arecrippling harsh and confronting, but must be faced as a fact of life,and then allows us some relief by showing the lighter sides of thesecharacters' lives, as well as the majestic beauty of the darknessresiding in them.I do fear that, perhaps, its publicity will deter an audience that willtruly appreciate it. Many of those who seek it out are likely to beafter an upbeat Indie teenage comedy like Jason Reitman's Juno (2007)and the surprise of a decidedly downbeat drama may not necessarily bewell-received. During an intelligently-crafted scene between Charlieand Sam where the subject of love ? that is, love in the real world,not in the minds of Hollywood producers ? is delicately discussed asthe two of them are currently locked separately in uncomfortable,third-rate romantic relationships, Charlie repeats a piece ofresounding wisdom he has learned from Mr Andrews: "sometimes we acceptfor the love we think we deserve." It is an ingenious quote thatrelates to the plights of so many characters, yet, near the time it wasuttered, the girl sitting next to me in the theatre muttered, "Justf--king kiss already!" I certainly hope those slightly saccharineposters aren't the product of the producers' lack of commercialconfidence in this quality film, and that they haven't accepted theshallow of love of immature people like the person who was sittingbeside me, instead of the full appreciation of art-house audiences.I also hope that the previous work of its three stars, whose names havebeen generously given marquee acknowledgement, will not create too manymisgivings or preconceptions, for all of them produce characterisationsthat are markedly different from those they may have been previouslyaffiliated with. Emma Watson's new haircut, impressive American accentand much more mature manner successfully remove the Sam from HermioneGranger. Ezra Miller is just as intensely engaging here as he was in WeNeed to Talk About Kevin, but certainly not psychopathic and demonic.Most of all, Logan Lerman is much more raw, affecting and unassumingthan his likable but very typical turn as Percy Jackson in 2010. Therest of the cast, most prominently Dylan McDermott and Kate Walsh asCharlie's parents, Nina Dobrev as his sister and Mae Whitman as thesweet but insufferable girlfriend he's too nice to get rid of. Believe me when I say that this a must-see for anyone Charlie's age(15) or older.