I hadn't heard of The Perks of Being a Wallflower book before this filmcame out but apparently it's a big hit with people my age (albietparticularly girls). I wasn't interested until it started doing verywell with audiences to the point where it entered IMDb's top 250, andis still in a solid position. I wasn't excited but I was intrigued. Iwas mostly intrigued at the prospect of the author of the original bookwriting the screenplay and directing the film himself. Can the authorof the source material finally do justice and equal the book? Can thisbe a genuinely original and heartfelt high school movie? The answer isno. Not in Stephen Chbosky's hands anyway. The Perks of Being aWallflower is a self-pitying dead weight inhabited with paper thincharacters whose personality is replaced with eccentricity, let alonelack of depth. To be fair, that is what high school feels like, butit's an awful unpleasant feeling I don't want to relive. Its leadcharacter is a cardboard cutout whose interesting moments of change areso left field and bizarre that it's difficult to connect with him atall.Emma Watson has a terribly inconsistent American accent and lacks anyidentity beyond a vague irritating Manic Pixie Dream Girl. Ezra Millerdoes have some welcome enthusiasm, given his restrained performance inWe Need To Talk About Kevin, but his character is all over the place.It's a film that deals with a zillion things at once and all of themare clichés in and area I wouldn't be able to relate to even if I wasin my equivalent of high school. But the most off- putting part is thehorrible lighting and set design. The film might have been okay if itwasn't so poorly lit but that's a stretch. It hits a few interestingnotes here and there but it's nothing redeeming and they're swiftlyruined by the next moment approached awkwardly. However, it does havean excellent taste in music and features a lot of my favourites,unfortunately it has no idea how to use them and frustrates me as itcuts before the good part. There's also the big gap in logic of EmmaWatson having pretty great taste in music but having no clue what anincredibly famous David Bowie song is. But hey, if this film introducesa generation to this great music, fine. Not my preferred method.3/10