The Perks?as it were, was a bit of a marvel when discussing whatteenagers have to contend with. Anyone that decides to see this filmexpecting a run of the mill high school drama or teenage angst talewill be pleasantly surprised at the depth with which this story delves.This adaptation of Stephen Chbosky's novel seemed to take thedifficulties facing one young man embarking on his high school journeythrough one extreme situation after another. I could visualize atotally different version of this tale of misfit toys being played outwhere all is right with the world and Charlie (Logan Lerman) is themost popular freshman in school for the simple fact that all hisfriends are seniors. The immediate infatuation that Charlie had withSam (Emma Watson) was no surprise, what did surprise me was thechallenges that she and her step brother Patrick/Nothing (Ezra Miller)had to endure. Even I started to get annoyed as the school yearprogressed and the running 'Nothing' joke persisted. It's alwayssurprising when a story focuses on well to do young people whose liveswould be expected to mimic a fairytale. This story gives insight intothe fact that some young people have the same if not even morestruggles than others and having money can't really fix that. I foundit interesting that there was no clear indication in the story as tothe school year, even at graduation there was none of the typical'Class of '92' or whatever to show how proud of their time graduatesare. It may be that Mr. Chbosky wanted to steer clear of associatingthe story with a specific year, but it was obviously the early 90'swhen the primary mode of sharing and exchanging music was via cassette.I recall so very clearly the good old days when the 'mix tape' ruled. Ihave to say that I liked Emma Watson as an American teenager, she cancross the pond and put it down any time. Yes there were a few momentsin her dialog that she sounded like Hermione, but this role did a greatdeal to paint her in a different and mature light. I am not drawn totales of the human condition unless there is a deep truth to be gleanedfrom the story, so if I had to say the moral of the story is? It wouldbe 'you gotta have friends'. This story worked because of what thethree key characters gained from getting to know each other. I give ita green light.