I love a beautiful Fairy Tale. I also love Disney films more often thannot. So many movie goers and fans are always asking "why can'tHollywood do anything new?" I personally don't care...the question Iask is how do they keep making the same stories and make them good?Cinderella (this iteration) is very, very good. It is beautifully shot,excellently acted, true to it's source, magical and entertaining.Ultimately there is nothing new to this version. It doesn't try tostand out or change anything other than being live action and closer tothe Disney animated version. How many Cinderella's have we seen? Andyet this was so entertaining and fun and you knew what was coming butit was such a great style and amazing special effects andcinematography that you wanted to see how they were going to do it andshow it. This in no small part to brilliant direction by a veryseasoned and great director, but I'll get there. I actually liked thatthey stayed true to the story we all know inside out and backwards. Itwouldn't always work but for this it worked perfectly because it was atrue remake but to an animated film which they seem to be doing now inorder to make money. It was just nice to have that classic feel andit's beautiful and fun and just really nice and sometimes that's a goodthing. Lily James is lovely and completely perfect for the leading role as thefamous princess. She just has the right look of purity and naivety toan extent and certainly is the perfect old world heroine. CateBlanchett is so far down my list of favourite actresses, however, sheabsolutely nails this role. She is perfect as the evil stepmotherperhaps not so ironically. She plays it up but subtle and not so muchso that you forget who the star is. As far as I'm concerned this is oneof her better roles. Her wicked step-sisters are okay but sort of dulland very one dimensional characters but played decently by SophieMcShera and Holliday Grainger. Richard Madden is decent as the Princebut much like the animated version he isn't the focus of the story. Heis almost secondary to the whole thing but they still manage toestablish a good romance that is integral to Cinderella. Helena BonhamCarter is very good in a very small role as the Fairy Godmother. She iscustom cut for a role like this and she isn't overused like she oftenis in her husband's films. She is almost not used enough because she isa lot of fun. I also particularly enjoyed the small roles by StellanSkarsgård, Derek Jacobi and Ben Chaplin.I'm convinced that most directors would have ruined this. It would havebeen boring and blasé and yet they brought on a master of his craftwith Kenneth Branagh who really has an eye for the fantastical. He justmakes this fairy tale world seem so alive and he really uses hischaracters so well no matter how big or small they are. He takes astory told a million times, tells it again and we eat it up. His styleis always one of subtle use of colour and tone and the scenery is asmuch of a character as the characters themselves and it works so wellfor bringing this story to life once again. It is a perfect family filmand the perfect way to experience a classic fairy tale. 8/10