An author and a movie-maker are two totally different careerpersonalities. It isn't always easy for an author to turn his own novelinto a feature-length movie. Even though there are exceptions, ingeneral the idea of writing a drama novel develops through emotions andthoughts, whereas writing a movie requires thinking in visuals and incharacter motives. As a novel "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" has published by MTV inthe year 1999 for Young Adult audiences. Examining social psychology asa subject matter is the leading concentration herein. This novel hasseveral references from English Literature works and Western Philosophymovements. Author Stephen Chbosky reflects his opinions on struggles ofan adolescent growing up to adulthood in a western society where theadolescent has to face isolation and alienation while delving deeplyinto individual freedom as it is the case in Nihilism, Absurdism, andin Existentialism. The refusal of loneliness is the concealed and driven force of being awallflower. Being a wallflower for an adolescent in this film standsfor acting the cool guy, and acting the wanna-be-popular guy. Accordingto Albert Camus, the French philosopher, this is the definition ofbeing a "rebel". But the promised concealed and driven force of being a wallflower isn'tdisplayed in the film, which is the initial problem of the chain ofother continued failures. The reasoning with choosing to be awallflower is explained through shyness. If the Charlie character ismade shy, how can he easily strip down his clothes in front of ahundred people on the Rocky Horror Picture Show night? Thepsychological trauma awaiting after committing such a "rebel" actionfor a shy person may be very severely grievous, or may be not. Let'shope it may not. The ease of dialogues and interactions between Emma Watson'scharacter(Sam) and Charlie are also improper with the given charactermotives. She types "write about us" to Charlie's typewriter. And whatdoes Charlie do in return? He types "I will". This is just nonsense.Later on she goes to sit on her bed sort of inviting him to sex. Themoment as a couple they were about to start making out, as Sam touchesCharlie on his inner thighs, Charlie recalls his sister who is dead.How can you recall your late sister while your dream girlfriend makeslove to you as she touches your thighs? Reality is that Charlie'scharacter is not directed to be a shy character. He is just a cool butabnormally depressive character. And this has nothing to do with beinga wallflower. Charlie is the next James Dean. Everything he did to lure girls, so didJames Dean the same way. For over 65 years in Hollywood, being the cooland rebel guy always created more impression on girls rather than beinga nice popular guy. This is a huge and inexcusable directinginferiority. Whoever loved this film, loved it because of the resolution at the end.Whereas also whoever hated this film, hated it because of therevelation at the end. The Perks of Being a Wallflower film has twomain themes: 1/ Finding the love you deserve 2/ Finding the meaning of becoming anadult Each theme is in contradiction with each other. This film offers us theresolution that seeking the love you deserve keeps you away frombecoming an adult. And it offers us the revelation of finding themeaning of becoming an adult in Nihilist freedom of an understandingthat you cannot run after love, love will come to you.