I had the pleasure of seeing Perks Of Being A Wallflower at ArclightCinemas in LA yesterday and it was definitely worth the one hour drive.The story is very simple yet complicated because of how much goes on.But the way it unfolds is beautiful and sad, sometimes all at once.While it has its funny moments, it also manages to go through darktopics as well such as homosexuality, drugs and death. Stephen Chboskyhandles his story very well, never feeling like it's being forced butrather it flowed nicely and carefully.Directing wise, it was shot very well. The cinematography is gorgeous,especially the scenes where the camera overlooks the skyline ofPittsburgh and during intimate scenes between the characters. You couldnot get anyone better to direct it other than the author himselfbecause this is his book. This is his vision so he knows exactly how itgoes in his head and we can see throughout the film, just how much hisvision has truly come alive. The result is both engaging andsatisfying.Same thing with the writing. The dialogue is very honest andbeautifully well written. It was very fun to quote along with themovie. Not just the writing but the overall tone of the film reminds mea little bit of John Hughes' work. Adapting a epistolary book into afilm is incredibly challenging but Mr. Chbosky did a fine job oftranslating it into a film.The musical score is done by Michael Brook who's also responsible forInto The Wild, another favorite of mine, and he did a very good job. Infact, one of the scores made me cry because of how it emotionallyresonated with the scene it was fitting in. The soundtrack is awesome.Along with Mr. Chbosky, Alexandra Patsavas, who's also the musicsupervisor for The OC, did a great job of picking out the songs andtreated it as if it were a mix tape.Logan Lerman, my god, he did a masterful job as Charlie. The characterliterally jumped out of the book and made its way onto the big screen.Logan's performance blew me away. He did such an amazing job portrayingthe embodiment of Charlie through his expressions, his emotions, hismovements, everything! So perfectly cast. The last 10 minutes of themovie alone is awards worthy because it really shows how talented hereally is. I fell in love with his performance. So perfect in everyway.Emma Watson did a great job playing as Sam. She is very beautiful andcharming. As for her American accent, I thought she did an okay job.There were times where you can kind of hear her British accent slip inand even though you notice it, it's nothing distracting and it didn'treally bother me. But you have to give her credit for trying her bestand she truly did. I enjoyed her performance very much.The second standout of the film is Ezra Miller! He plays Patrick, a gaycharacter who's not afraid of who he is and Ezra portrays him amazinglywell. I've seen almost all of his work, and he's becoming a great actorwho's very rare in the sense that he's brave and daring in contrast tothe roles he has previously played. He steals every line and scene he'sin, becoming the comic relief. But even so, Patrick has his ownpersonal problem and this is where Ezra Miller proves once again justhow great of an actor he is.Everyone else in their supporting roles all have their moments. NinaDobrev, who plays Candance aka Charlie's sister, did a good job. MaeWhitman as Mary Elizabeth was hilarious. Adam Hagenbuch as Bob wasgreat. Erin Wilhelmi as Alice, Johnny Simmons as Brad and NicholasBraun as Derek were all fine. The rest of the cast: Kate Walsh and Dylan McDermott who play theparents as well as Joan Cusack who plays Charlie's Doctor were allgood, despite having little screen time. Melanie Lynskey did a verygood job as Aunt Helen. Paul Rudd as Mr. Anderson is awesome. He's alsoa standout. Paul Rudd in general is a very likable actor and again, hedoesn't have a lot of screen time either but he still manages to playhis part memorably. What makes the cast so special is the chemistry. Everyone got along sowell and you can tell that they're very comfortable with each other andyou feel convinced that these people are really friends. It wasabsolutely perfect.I love this movie. It's amazing. And I'm not just saying this becauseI'm a die-hard fan of the book. It has a great script, great cast, it'swell directed, awesome soundtrack and undeniable strong performances.The Perks Of Being A Wallflower may not be the most faithful adaptationbut the spirit of the story is still there and it does great justice tothe book. This is one of the best coming of age movies I've ever seen.