Review: I couldn't really get into this film because I found it reallyslow and quite boring. It's about a girl who marries a man who doesn'tgive her any attention or show her any love. They also live with theman's parents who crave for there son to become famous from hispainting's so he's under a lot of pressure which he takes out on hiswife. As she is a strong willed woman who soon realises that hermarriage is a total disaster, she seeks help from Emma Thompson whoalso was in a troubled marriage but it eventually worked itself out.Personally I found it to be a sad and depressing period drama which isone toned, without much substance. Don't get me wrong, it is about atouching subject which is played very well by Dakota Fanning but I justdidn't find it entertaining. There isn't any memorable scenes whichmade the movie upbeat or switch pace so I honestly can't say that Ienjoyed it. On the plus side, the costumes and scenery was OK but I'mnot a big fan of period dramas so I can't say that I'll be watching itagain any time soon. Pretty Boring!Round-Up: The only reason why I gave this movie a go was because I sawthat Emma Thompson made it and Dakota Fanning has made a name forherself but I was quite disappointed with the outcome. From a youngage, I've been very impressed with Fanning and her roles in Man OnFire, War Of The Worlds and the Secret Life's Of Bees and at the youngage of 21, she has really accomplished a lot. I just hope that shedoesn't start going downhill because of the lack of good scripts comingout of Hollywood nowadays. After seeing a few interviews with EmmaThompson recently, I really like her sense of humour and her upbeatlook on life. That's why I was expecting something with a bit of apunch from this movie but she was obviously trying to stay true to thebook. I liked her scenes with Fanning and she did show emotion to hersituation. I also liked the chemistry between Thompson and Edward Fox,who still looks good at 77 and Julie Walters and David Suchet alsoplayed there roles well. In all, its just another English period dramawhich portrays a time when women didn't have much say in thererelationships.I recommend this movie to people who are into their period dramas abouta young woman who gets married to a man who doesn't know how to showlove or affection. 3/10