Before I begin, I must give the movie's biggest message, that of"Having Courage and Being Kind", a word of apology. Having a courageand being kind, even in the face of the great hardship, is a goodmessage, especially to those who have fallen on harsh times. Beingsomeone who went through a parental divorce and having a hardeningheart have jaded things for me personally, making it hard to have suchcourage or even being kind. Also, I feel as if I need to redo thisreview because my original one did not really delve deep into the filmitself but rather became a personal soap box of my un-backed opinion. However, even with all that said, Cinderella (2015) is still a very badmovie, and I think my burning hatred at the message was misguided. Idon't hate the message at all. I just explained how it was actually agood one.I hate the message because the movie does not even follow it to heart.Yes, Cinderella is guilty of being exactly what many people perceiveher to be; Feeble, Weak, and Passive. Sure, she says the message likeit's gospel, but she strangely doesn't practice what she preachedthroughout the movie. Everything she does that should be like how anyperson with half a brain could understand seem to be dumbed down to analmost infantile way. Cinderella, who should be at least frustratedwith each break down her, instead acts like a woman in an abusiverelationship. She just smiles and just lets it all happen like it'ssupposed to happen.The movie seems to confuse "Having Courage" and "Being Kind" withsimply "Being Passive and Have Good Luck". Being kind is not the same as being passive, in fact it's the completeopposite. Just as having courage is clearly not the same as havingluck. Kindness is sometimes hurtful to one, but it's for the better inthe end. Instead, Cinderella here has no such feeling, no rationale.Instead of being courageous, she clearly hides all her emotion andnever actually rises up by her own merit, but rather only through themagic of luck. As well as sickeningly sweet and clearly "chick-flick"clichés that makes The Proposal look like a romantic classicObviously, it's not of the same quality as the 1950's Animated Classic,which was actually a pretty good film dealing with such themes better,if only bogged down with that classic Disney schlock(and those annoyingbloody rats kinda ruin it for me, too). However, at least Cinderellathere was actually more complex and someone you sympathized with. Here,the remake beats you over the head, not just with the message, but withhow it makes you forced to sympathize with a flat, clichéd characterplayed by a remarkably uninspired performance by Lily James. By contrast, in what the movie actually got right here, the evilStepmother is actually where most of my sympathy went. While that doesbreak some of the dark characteristics from the 50's version, I thinkit makes for more character development, if only very briefly in thebeginning and in the very end. However, the movie ruins that too, byhaving her pretty much axed off in the end along with the dukebecause....well, because it needed that sickeningly sweet ending for ahappily ever after.I still hate this movie, even if I believe that the message was a lotbetter than I thought. However, with how they portray Cinderella, alongwith a very super-saturated design choice that tries way too hard to bewhimsical, the 2015 remake does not even pass the original Disneyclassic. Heck, I'm willing to bet that a Cinderella movie that haslittle to do with Cinderella would be better than this. When you makethe evil Stepmother more sympathetic than the main character of yourstory, then you really screwed up as a movie.