EFFIE GRAY was strangely overlooked by the public despite a sterlingcast enacting Emma Thompson's screenplay re-enacting the lives of theVictorians John Ruskin and is failed marriage to Effie Gray and theentry of romance between Effie and the brilliant Pre- Raphaelitepainter John Everett Millais. Perhaps the primary flaw in this littlebeautifully photographed period piece is Director Richard Laxton'ssluggish pacing of the film ? It does drag on forever, unnecessarily.(Laxton's other films include Burton and Taylor, River, and AnEnglishman in New York.)The basis of the film is a true Victorian scandal of Effie Gray beingthe first woman to divorce her husband. In 1848 the 29-year-old art andarchitecture critic, author and painter John Ruskin (Greg Wise) marriedEuphemia 'Effie' Gray (Dakota Fanning), the beautiful 19-year-olddaughter of family friends. After six increasingly unhappy years, Effiefell in love with her husband's protégé the famous Pre-Raphaelitepainter John Everett Millais (Tom Sturridge) and set about having themarriage annulled. What reverberated then and now was that the reasongiven for ending the union was non- consummation. But what reallysnagged in the public consciousness was Ruskin's explanation of why hedidn't fulfill his marital duties (was he gay, simply repulsed by thefact that Effie has pubic hair unlike the classical female figures ofart, etc ? questions that have not been answered). Effie struggles withJohn's overbearing parents (Julie Walters and David Suchet), foundsolace with the prominent Eastlakes (Emma Thompson and James Fox), adoctor (Robbie Coltrane), and one Travers Twist (Derek Jacobi).The story is interesting, the characterizations excellent, the sets andscenery and costumes brilliant, and for a period piece this film isexcellent. Audiences these days are simply more mature than to be'shielded' form the facts of an unconsummated marriage and moreemphasis could have been given to the fact the Effie was an earlywomen's rights activist.