Recently my wife and I benefited from our own stand-in fairy godmotherwho, infinitely preferable to glass slippers, fitted us withbaby-sitting so we could see Disney's newest Cinderella, our first timechildless long enough to attend a movie theater in seeming centuries.Amidst swirling dresses, gold-filigree carriages, and those dazzlinglyprismatic slippers, I came to the conclusion the film was a worthwhileafternoon, especially with a hot date who can enjoy princess movies.I've heard previous statements to highlight that this princess story,unlike things like Maleficent, is not any dramatic re-spinning; itreally is the familiar tale. At one point in the film Cinderellaexpresses to her fairy godmother (the ever-enjoyable HelenaBonham-Carter, for the first time brandishing a wand with a zaninessthat isn't homicidal) that she wishes to continue wearing her mother'sbeautiful, tattered old dress; Bellatrix... er... Godmother tentativelyagrees under the condition that she be allowed to perform sometouch-ups. Such is this film: a magnificently re-decorated,re-finished, but not re-written, rendition of Disney's classic,complete with blue dress, helpful animals, and even a bipity bopityboo.The audience is obviously those girls young-and-old who grew up (andare now growing up) on Disney princess films; it is a female-centricfilm during which the air practically crackled with the excitement ofball gowns, blue-eyed princes, despicable step-family, and, in the caseof my companion of choice, gorgeous horses. At this point I suppose menmay fall into two categories: those whose artistic appreciation isinspired by the truly marvelous spectacle that this film is, and thosewho cannot stomach so many colorful dresses, lace, and inter-girlconflicts. As a father I enjoyed the complete cleanness of the filmfree of the innuendos or significant glances that have sometimessullied Disney films (I'm looking at you two, Aladdin and Lion King). Ialso enjoyed the pleasant character that was developed for ourcourageous and kind Cinderella; the only action scene in the film isthe carriage dash home, so "courage" didn't take the typical outlet butinstead manifested itself subtly as the courage to be kind, somethingby no means trivial when confronted with bitterness and mistreatmentthat hunts Ella.There are plenty of strong cases against Disney's princess franchisesand the damage they can do to girls independence, expectations, andself-worth, and many I agree with. The majority of Disney's princessmovies are not ones I care to have in my home; but this new Cinderellapassed the test. Though it chose to go with magic and spectacle overthe deeper character-play that graces Drew Barrymore's excellent EverAfter, I see this as an artistic choice that will tickle theimaginations of audiences young and young-at-heart.