I viewed this film as something I've seen before. I'd go so far that Ithought it was more something very typical for these kinds of moviesand it was also very overstated. When this should be a character drivenfilm, it's plot is way too controlling. We're hanging out with a smart, but introvert guy who has problems withsomething that was done to him, rather than something he has done.Nothing is his fault, even tho he feels that way. The protagonist is athoroughly nice person, but haunted by a gruesome past that ultimatelywill strike him in what is the climax of the film.The film is, however, not about his head. It's about the cool,alternative, smart, pretty and older group of people he starts hangingout with. (And these are not the popular kids? Wow, why?) Even tho the members of this group are all very bright in theory, thisdoes not reflect on their choices within the film's plot. Sam is having a relationship with an all-through asshole and it's veryobvious that he has a lower level of intelligence as well. Sam thengoes on about how she loves Charlie and kisses him. But wait, shedoesn't leave the asshole. Why the F not?Charlie is then persuaded into a relationship with Mary Elizabeth,supposedly a Harvard candidate, who is also ignorant to seeing Charliesreal desires to want Sam. (Does this group of friends even talk to eachother?) They become mad at Charlie when he reaches into these desiresduring a dare. The group becomes mad at him because he has now hurtboth Mary Elizabeth and Sam for desperately showing this. He's suddenlythe asshole. Charlie now feels that his is his fault. He becomes, for a very briefperiod, cast out of this group until he hits (this bit is unclear evenin the film) a person and is suddenly a hero again. This leaves me with the impression that the film's 45 minutes to 1 hr15 minutes are just time extending plot material. It does not in anyway, provoke the climax of the film or lead up to it. Conflicts in thistime area of the film are quickly started and solved. It's overstated,annoying and boring. I pounded my head a lot to my desk during theseminutes.I like the ending, because it is much more intriguing than theoverstated personal dramas of this overly cool but not popular group ofpeople we follow. If the film had been more about Charlie's head,displaying more of his inner conflict surrounding his past and hisfeelings towards his 1000 days left of college, I would think this filmis great. But a lot of the plot is only to please the youthful audienceand to feed them with a film that appears alternative but is reallyjust a remix of the old. (Much like Easy-A and it's ''self-reflective''script discourse). But I mean, if you're fourteen you'd not only lovethis film, but maybe also find it intriguing to display yourselfthrough the identity of the characters. Emma Watson is hot, she has 3 of my 4 stars.