Having just finished reading the book I thought I would buy the film asI absolutely loved it. I didn't realise I'd already caught the last 20minutes about 6 weeks ago on TV. It's that different!!I know when you're reading you make your own assumptions about whatcharacters look and sound like, but the actors were nothing like how Ipictured them in my head, even their speech. I imagined Charlie to be aheck of a lot more awkward than he really was. Emma Watson wasdefinitely not my "Sam" and Patrick was so different, I really do agreewith the people stating on here that he was too flamboyant incomparison to the book. I didn't find him (Patrick) as likable orapproachable as a character as he was in the books, and I simply don'tbelieve that Charlie would have felt as comfortable befriending him atthe game in the book if he were the same way as in the film. The whole film felt rushed and I thought certain pivotal scenes fromthe book were handled terribly, or missed altogether - EVERYTHING TO DOWITH HIS SISTER AND HER BOYFRIENDS?! The arguing in the car? Dad givingCharlie the sex talk? These would have made great viewing had it beendone properly, if at all, and it's such a shame that these scenesweren't depicted in the film. Stephen Chbosky said he turned down multiple offers for a film becausehe "owed the fans a movie that was worthy of their love for the book.",but this certainly does not do it justice. It's not even the case thatthe film was set in the 90's and none of the characters are relatablebecause they're not walking around with headphones on and a phone tapedto their hands (as with many teenagers the same age in thisgeneration). It's small things, like the fact that they chose to have"Heroes" as the "tunnel song" instead of "Landslide" (which didn't workso wonderfully it was worth changing it in the first place).Personally, I don't know how I'd feel about this film had I seen itfirst and then read the book, but I do know I can't be the only personthoroughly disappointed with how the film has turned out. I have givenit a 3 because I love Paul Rudd as Mr Anderson.