Emotional, well thought, and revolutionary are three words thatdescribe the film based off the acclaimed novel by Stephen Chewbosky.The movie The Perks of Being A Wallflower is the most true based,realistic movie of this generation. Not only will this movie bring youto the edge of your seat, but it will also make you feel a personalconnection to the characters. Specifically, I think the perks of being a wallflower is worth the timeand money to see is because of my own personal connection to Charlie(played by Logan Lerman). Throughout the story, Charlie deals with manyhardships with his family, and newly found friends. For example,Charlies aunt was killed in a car accident on the way to buy hisbirthday present when he was a young boy. Throughout my own life, Ihave already dealt with situations that are unforgettable, such as myaunt getting cancer. Also, in the 8th grade, Charlie's good friendcommitted suicide. This affected Charlies personality deeply, and theway he acted around his peers.In the 7th grade, my friend was killed bybone marrow cancer, and the impact it had on me affected me as it didCharlie. The character of Sam (Emma Watson) also connected to my ownlife. Sam was on of the two seniors, the other being Patrick, whobefriend Charlie when they meet at the homecoming football game? Assoon as Charlie sees Sam, he falls in love with her. Sam believed thatlove never truly worked out for anyone, as did I. After breaking upwith her boyfriend, Sam presents Charlie with a truly puzzlingquestion. "Why does I, and everyone, love the people who treat us likewe're nothing?" And Charlie answers "we accept the love we think wedeserve." If we think low of ourselves, we are going to accept peoplewho use us and don't love is for who we really are, but if we loveourselves, we can love others and treat them with higher regard. In addition, the realism throughout the film is what contributes to thebeauty of the storyline. The way that Charlie deals with everything hesees is very realistic. Some people, When they see things occurring,they don't know what to do, so they just stand by and observe. That'swhat Charlie had been doing for some while since his friend died. Then,when he found people who let him in, he began to open up. At a partyPatrick gives a toast to Charlie. In it he states, "He's a wallflower.You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand." It isin this moment that Charlie feels noticed, and completely happy forhaving friends. This movie also shows the real importance it is to havefriends. Before Patrick and Sam, Charlies door was closed, and herefuses to let anyone in. Then, when he gained them as friends, hebegan to open up to the world, and he enjoyed it. Additionally, thisfilm shows the realisticness of how people judge each other. Charlie'sgroup of friends is judged for being freaks because they are notpopular. Charlie is also labeled as a freak because he does notparticipate in activities. Nevertheless, people may oppose to see this movie. It is rated Pg-13,and many parents feel that they do not want their child to be exposedto the subjects the film discusses. I think that the film isappropriate for kids over 13, as it was rated. The film discussesthings like death, personal relationships, teenagers being gay, andeven rape. Although this film includes these topics, I think the filmis worth seeing for teens. If parents try to hide their son or daughterfrom these things that occur everyday, they won't be prepared for reallife on their own. Moreover, this story is recognized for its great script. The literatureCharlie's uses as he writes portrays exactly how he feels as he writes.As Charlie was discussing his earlier trip to go sleeping he writes"And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday.And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. Andthey will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. Ithink it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't."This excerpt shows the literature and choice of writing the authoruses. The film is also portrayed almost exact from the novel. I thinkthat is part of the reason why this film did very well. The film wasdirected by Stephen Chewbosky, who also wrote the novel. Not only will this movie change the way you view life, but it willchange the way you treat your own friends and family. Also, the peoplearound you. You never know anyone story until they tell you, and youcan't judge them until you walk a mile in their shoes. We could all useour own thoughts as an excuse to not participate, but we should choosenot to. "Because things change. Friends leave. And life doesn't stopfor anybody." We should be happy, and appreciate what we have and livefor the moments that make us feel alive. As Charlie states in his ownmoment of pure happiness " in that moment, I swear we were infinite."