I never read the book this film is based on. It was never on my radarto watch. It wasn't a film I was even planning to see. And guess what?It turned out to be a gem of high proportions.Now, the cast here is all wonderful, and the three leads all workperfectly. Miller and Watson are great, and the former has some reallygreat scenes that would definitely put him in my Supporting Actor line-up. But the real star here is Logan Lerman. I don't have any say on howhe portrayed the character in the novel, but what he did here amazed meto no end. His ability to reflect so many of his characters' past withsuch simple glances is incredible. It would have been so easy to makethe silent-type lead teenage boy feel lazy or uninspired, and even in alessor actor's hands it could have felt that way. But Lerman ismesmerizing from start to finish, never once hitting a false note ordetaching himself from the emotional weight his character is livingunder. This is one of the best teenage performances I've ever seen, andas of right now easily the best performance of the year. Granted, Ihaven't seen most of the awards contenders, but this is trulyincredible stuff and Lerman has enormous talent that I really hopecarries him through a long and successful career. These kinds of films are always hard to navigate exactly. It's kind ofhard to not fall into clichés or stereotypes. At first glance it seemslike there's nothing that makes this stand apart from other films ofthis kind. Granted, I don't watch many that are under this specificgenre simply because they never seem like anything out of the ordinary.So to be as moved by the film as I was, for it to have emotionallytouched me the way it did is a huge surprise. Technically this isn'tsome high achievement, but there is no other film as emotionally richthis year. The characters and story lines all work in marvelous ways. Ican't even say that some of it wasn't familiar territory because mostof it verges on what we have seen before. And it's not perfect, some ofthe dialogue at times is a bit clunky, some of the plot mechanics. Butit all comes together to create what is to me, a deeply, deeplypersonal film. I connected with the characters in ways I forgot werepossible. There have been many great films in recent years, but I don'tthink there's been one that has reminded me of who I am as a person orwho I was, what my life has been like, what life in general is like,this much. I always dread sentimentality, and if anything I am easilyput off by any kind of emotional manipulation. But this is the onlyfilm in a long time that really was trying to be as emotionallyinvesting as it could be, and one that never hit any real false noteswhen it came to the emotions it stirred in me. I've always said that as great as any story lines or characters are inobserving a film you've seen, the art of film is ultimately a medium offeeling, just like any other art form. And this is why I haven'tmentioned, really, any of the plot. Being able to talk about how itmade me feel is enough, and this is a film where the emphasis on theword "feel" is all but deserved. This is a small gem of a film, but asrich of an experience as one could hope for. The best film of 2012.