Stephen Chbosky's "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" may not be anoriginal film dealing with high school ups and downs, but it could verywell be a very strong addition to the genre. It marks a greatdirectorial debut from Chbosky, who also wrote the screenplay which isbased on his own novel. It is always a pleasure to see anauthor/novelist have the freedom to express his own material in adifferent medium, and do it so professionally.The film centers around introvert Charlie and his struggles duringfreshman year in high school. Charlie is struggling with making newfriends due to personal tragedies which affected him negatively. Thismay not be new, but in the hands of a lesser director, could make itworse. Chbosky knows what he is doing and fine-tunes his actors to fithis story the way he wants it - raw and real. True to introverts, thismovie and Chbosky really get what they're thinking and how they cancope with friends, bullies and tragedies. Chbosky understood the themesand his actors understood the material very well, so this film is notthe usual teen film. The three main actors shape themselves around their charactersperfectly. Logan Lerman is great as Charlie in a performance that isemotional, subtle, withdrawn and quirky in places. He really can getintense at moments too. Ezra Miller, who terrified us in "We Need ToTalk About Kevin" last year, turns 180 degrees and delivers a likable,hilarious, often touching character in Patrick, who is half the key toCharlie's quest for friendship. The other half is the lovely EmmaWatson as Sam, Patrick's stepsister and Charlie's first love. Watson,in her first attempt to shed off her "Harry Potter" image is witty,charming and cute, and still manages to give out a heartfeltperformance. She's the kind of pretty girl that all boys like to see,and give guys like Charlie hopes and dreams - and possibly save them,too. Other actors in the movie of note are Mae Whitman as Charlie'sfirst date, Kate Walsh and Dylan McDermott as Charlie's parents andNina Dobrev and Zane Holtz as Charlie's siblings. They sort of fadeinto the background once Charlie gets with his friends, but they'rethere when Charlie has no one, like all families should be. Oh, andPaul Rudd as the likable literature teacher. Makes you want him to bein your class one day.Chbosky does not stray from the roots of realism. Even though the filmmay tread familiar teen movie ground as desirable as it should, Chboskyfirmly plants this movie's feet into the realistic ground. This filmstruck a personal chord with me, too. It really touched me as I am anintrovert as well since high school, although not as serious andintense as Charlie, I feel him. Some scenes were pleasant to watch,some scenes were intense and brought back many unwanted/awkwardmemories, and other times it had me thinking even further.The fact that this film contains mature themes of suicide,homosexuality, drug and sexual content, and still be given a PG-13rating is nothing short of a miracle. Bottom line is, if you're a teenor an introverted young adult, make sure this movie is on the top ofyour watch list. This is a great teen film.Overall: 84%