I wanted to like this movie. I read the book about a decade ago, whilein my late teens, and the story resonated with me on several levels. Ihave been hoping (and praying as much as an atheist can pray) that theHollydood commerce machine would not screw it up. Alas, in vain.I am struggling of what to describe first in this review, but I thinkthat I will give the makers of this movie a little credit. "Perks" wasalways going to be a difficult story to televise and the attempt is nota total cop-out. The movie stays true to the book in many respects andit's obvious that there was some thought put into capturing the feel ofthe written tale. That it didn't succeed is a confluence of severalfactors.The main problem is down to the casting and portrayal of the maincharacters. I have no issue with the protagonist, Charlie, but theroles of Patrick (Ezra Miller) and especially Sam (Emma Watson) havebeen rather absurdly twisted, albeit each in a different way.Patrick is overtly and flamboyantly homosexual, which becomes a realdistraction. In the book, he was just a cool and funny guy for whomsexual orientation was a nuisance with which he struggled, but hedidn't seem to consider it a core of his persona. The movie falls wayshort of that level of subtlety. Here Patrick is oozing gayness -that's where he begins and that's where he ends.The character of Sam is even worse. I am not sure what is the big dealabout Emma Watson. She has very little in terms of acting chops andit's a shame that she keeps getting roles, on the strength of "Potter"fame, that she is totally ill-suited for. She lacks any kind of charmand on top of that she looks androgynous. Sam is supposed to be aslutty girl gone good who is still feminine and unwittingly seductive.Emma looks and acts like a preteen boy making it hard to understandCharlie's infatuation with her.The last problem that I want to touch upon is the lack of flow in thenarrative. There is just no feeling of cohesiveness that characterizesgood movies. It's a succession of short vignettes, loosely related, andstrung together. The book also makes frequent jumps in time, but theyare easier to digest due to transitional material. It makes sense thatthere is a time lapse when Charlie starts writing his letter, butsomehow that doesn't translate well to the screen.Overall, I give this movie a 4/10 score as I consider it a slightlysub-par effort. It wasn't for a lack of trying, but I wish that thecreators resisted the urge to capitalize on Emma Watson's supposed starpower and instead found an actress well suited for the role.