The author, philosopher, art critic, historian and social commentatorJohn Ruskin was one of Victorian Britain's great public intellectuals,so when his young wife Euphemia ("Effie") petitioned for the annulmentof their marriage on the grounds of non-consummation this caused one ofthe great public scandals of the age. Effie accused her husband ofbeing impotent; he countered with the mysterious allegation that herbody had some "disgusting feature" which rendered her less than awoman. (As Effie was noted for her beauty, this allegation was greetedwith some bemusement). Ruskin also accused his wife of adultery withthe artist John Everett Millais, but a medical examination whichrevealed she was still a virgin both refuted this accusation and provedthe truth of Effie's own assertions. This film tells the story of the love triangle from Effie's point ofview. The script was written by Emma Thompson, who also appears in thefilm in a supporting role. (Thompson appears to have an interest inart; she also produced and starred in "Carrington" about the earlytwentieth- century painter Dora Carrington). I had always imaginedRuskin's marriage to be a May-December affair between an innocent younggirl and a man old enough to be her father, but in fact the agedifference between the couple was only nine years. Much of the problemseems to have been that they did not have a home of their own, livingwith Ruskin's parents who seemed to disapprove of their son's marriageand did not put themselves out to make Effie feel welcome. The film appears to have divided opinion; I note that the fact that oneof the main characters is a painter has prompted some armchair criticsto reach for that old "watching paint dry" comparison, which I felt wasa trifle unfair. Admittedly the director Richard Laxton does sometimesseem to take an over-leisurely approach to his subject, but there arecompensations. The film is mostly visually attractive, especially inthe scenes set in Scotland where Laxton appears to have been influencedby Millais' great series of Perthshire landscapes, paintings which rankamong his greatest artistic achievements, even though they are muchless well known than his earlier Pre-Raphaelite pictures. (Millais cannow be seen as one of our greatest 19th century artists, worthy to rankalongside Constable and Turner, but for many years his later worktended to be undervalued following severe contemporary criticism fromthe likes of Morris and his former champion Ruskin, who had obviouspersonal motives for denigrating his ex-wife's second husband). The acting is generally of a high standard, especially from Greg Wise(previously best known to me as Mr Emma Thompson) as Ruskin. Asportrayed here, Ruskin emerges not as a deliberately cruel man but as acold one, an other-worldly intellectual with little interest in women,in love or in sex, and living under the thumb of his domineering mother(played, in another fine performance, by Julie Walters). Wise is ratherolder than the historical Ruskin would have been during this period ofhis life, but this does not really matter because the intention seemsto have been to show him as a man old before his time. He also achievesa convincing likeness to the historical Ruskin, something which cannotbe said for Tom Sturridge as Millais. (Sturridge is dark and bearded,Millais was blond and clean-shaven). The American actress DakotaFanning plays Effie with a convincing English accent, but shouldn'tsomeone have told her that Effie was actually Scottish? Or was this adeliberate move on the part of the producers to make the film moreacceptable to American audiences, who traditionally have difficultieswith British regional accents? (It is said that Cheryl Cole's Geordieaccent was the real reason behind her sacking from the American versionof "The X Factor"). After years of dealing with literary subject-matter, the British"heritage cinema" movement now seems to have moved on to the Victorianart world; Mike Leigh's biography of Turner is to follow shortly."Effie Gray", however, is not principally about art; Millais is only asubsidiary character. Ultimately it is a psychological study or, toborrow Nigel Nicolson's phrase, a "portrait of a marriage". 6/10