OK I have to admit this is a film with great style but not muchsubstance and yet I loved it.The original Cinderella is one of my least favorite Disney romances forhow plain it is and nothing fixed here in that aspect but it's almostimpossible to fix Cinderella so not much complaining here. Nothing they would have done could have worked.But what it lacked on substance was compensated by great style and thegetting the perfect actor for each role.for the first time the actors they picked for Cinderella and the princelook like people coming from a Disney Fairytale.Lily James is such a beautiful actress with a lot of Grace and RichardMadden is really dreamy and well Charming. Cate Blanchett was very well cast as the very classy but evil stepmother and actresses and the actress picked for the evil step sisterswere spot on. Now the spectacular visuals and the scenes which made this movie amasterpiece. Looking like real Disney Fairytale. 1 Ella Meeting her fairy godmother and preparing to get to the Bawl Elena Bonham Carter was a great pick to play the fairy godmother whowas very funny at being not that expert on her magic and having a fewmistakes at the beginning giving it some humor to that scene.I have to say this scene was breath taking with Carriage looking greatthe transformation of the animals to horses and people to helpCinderella go to the Bawl. Ohh and the transformation of the dress was jaw dropping, you seeCinderella being impressed and feel like she was in a dream having sucha beautiful gown which does look like one made for a princess. The glass sleepers were the perfect touch to such a beautiful dress. The Bawl scene it was more than perfect. Cinderella arriving, kitrecognizing her and their dance just perfect. The chemistry betweenthem and the way they dance looked effortless. Just that scene scenegives the movie 8 points. Cinderella and Kit had great chemistry you them happy and enjoyingevery single second they were togetherLast but not least. Cinderella Trying the glass slipper and proving shewas the girl who danced with the prince to latter them getting Marriedand Ella having another beautiful gown which makes her look like aDisney princess. As you can see This a film completely saved by three great momentswhich make you feel The Disney Magic and why it gets a 10/10 even ifthe story is a dull and plain as they come.