I am a life-long lover of the fairytale Cinderella, it was in fact thefirst book I learned to read and read it aloud ad nauseum to my youngersisters. As a Cinderella aficionado, I was very pleased with Disney'slive action adaptation. This adaptation is faithful to the older Disneyanimated version, there are no darker subtexts, the heroes, heroines,villains, and villainesses are clearly delineated- and that's okay. Itis after all, a fairy tale, and it isn't always necessary to delve intothe dark psychological recesses of every character.Lily James is lovely as the title character who is enjoined by hermother to "have courage and be kind". She is no chomping at the bitfeminist, but a feminine young lady who has the courage to be kind-even to people who are not very kind to her. This is a different typeof courage than "girl power" and actually a much more demanding brandof courage. Her parting words to her step-mother are "I forgive you,"Cinderella has the courage to be kind. Cate Blanchett is the selfishand cruel Lady Tremayne and plays her very well, Richard Madden is atrue Prince Charming, and Helena Bonham Carter is the kind andscatter-brained Fairy Godmother (she seemed very restrained as opposedto some of her other fantasy roles directed by her ex-husband). Thecostumes are absolutely gorgeous concoctions and thrill the hearts ofgirls and women of all ages.This film is like cotton candy- pretty, sweet, airy and not muchsubstance. It has no pretensions- other than to delight little girlsand women with a traditional fairy story. The underlying message of thefilm may not sit well with feminists- Cinderella is kind and humble,she is no fighter and the courage she ultimately must summon is thecourage to, as the film says, "take the risk to be herself, which issometimes the hardest thing of all". She admits to her prince that sheis no princess, and has nothing to offer but her own sweet self. He hasthe good sense to realize her intrinsic worth, and that she is enough.Highly recommended for lovers of traditional fairy tales.