I probably would not call this a high-school romantic comedy about howa geek learns how to survive high-school because the characters withinthis film are not your typical cookie-cutter Hollywood characters, andalso that the film is actually a lot darker and grittier than many ofthe other films that I have seen. For instance, there is a lot more toCharlie than your typical Hollywood character, whose only flaw, if youactually want to call it a flaw, is their geekiness.Charlie is a character with a lot of baggage, but as is true with manypeople who have suffered significant trauma in their younger years,much of this baggage has been blacked out, and in fact as we movethrough the film, we begin to learn that Charlie himself suffers a lotof blackouts. It is done in a way that we as the viewer are unsure asto what is going on, but in a way this helps us understand thecharacter more because, while he knows that he does suffer from someundisclosed mental illness, he is as much in the dark as we are, andfor much of the film we are simply told that it is 'his problem'.The movie is not so dark as to create a bad home life for the characterthough, because it is clear that his parents and his siblings doactually support him, even if it is only at home. However, it does givea very good reflection of the nature of high school in the developingworld, particularly since we see how difficult it can be to actuallyfit in when in reality you are an outcast, and in fact Charlie himselfends up becoming connected with the outcasts themselves.Having experienced such a culture in my younger years, I must admitthat many of us who were the introverts in high-school would end upconnected with those of our kin, I know I did, and these groups wouldend up dulling their pain through the use of drugs. I still rememberdiscovering at university that the group that I ended up connectingwith ended up being made up of those very much like myself. It isinteresting in a way that some groups that I interacted with would talkabout how they were outcasts but I never really felt as if I were ableto truly connect with those outcasts, but others than I knew I did havea way of connecting with them.In a way it seems to reflect so much on how our society has evolved, orshould I say de-evolved. In many ways our society is becoming more andmore disconnected as we speak. These days it is rare for parents, evenloving and supporting parents, to be able to connect with theirchildren, and it is very common for them to have no idea on where theyare when they are no longer in the house. It can reach a point, as itdoes in the movie, that the child is found lying flaked out in thesnow, with no idea as to how the child arrived at this point, but adiscovery is still made that the child has been using drugs. In manycases it is not discovered until it is too late.