Effie Gray is the young bride of renowned art critic, John Ruskin. Weopen with a brief prologue and their marriage, which seems happyenough, though, as was common for that time, money and security seemsto have played a hand in the decision making process.Things then quickly go south (literally and metaphorically) when theymove to Denmark Hill, not into a marital home, but Ruskin's parent's.Two things are quickly established. Firstly, that the parents exert anunnaturally high level of control on John and intend to do the samewith Effie. Secondly, this is no ordinary marriage - when Effie offersherself to him, he leaves the room. The rest of the film is thenconcerned with her wrestling with the predicament of her in-lawsinterference and freeing herself from a loveless relationship, no easytask, especially for the period.This type of film is very reliant on well-wrought characters. Yet thefilm seems very lacking in several crucial dimensions. The character ofJohn Ruskin as portrayed here seems relentlessly taciturn and onedimensional, even when discussing the pre-Raphaelite movement,something which should really get his juices flowing. What exactly hisproblem is with Effie is hinted at but never really explored. Is heimpotent? Is he gay? Is he mad, as some seem to believe? There arehints he could be gay, ie there is a scene when he seems to bemasturbating in bed, another later when there is a "moment" between himand a young painter, and also his father seems very aware that there issomething which could have held him back which they have shielded himfrom so he could become the famous art critic he became. Effie isclearly expected to play her part in this.The film mainly focuses naturally, then, on Effie, yet leaves outcrucial aspects. We never get enough of a sense of who Effie is, ie whoshe was before marriage and losing her hair (from sheer neglect, itseems.) So it's difficult to get a sense of the journey she has to gothrough to liberate herself from a life of misery.There is a metaphor used for this doomed relationship when they recalla previous conversation about Diana the wood nymph turning into a treeto escape Apollo's clutches. If anything, it cruelly underscores howunlike this romantic Greek myth they really are. The type of possessionEffie seems subject to is not sexual but more akin to a pretty bird ina cage. When she then hallucinates about turning into a tree later itdoes seem to labour this point in a slightly puzzling way.A bit of light relief is provided in the character of the worldly LadyEastlake (the Screenwriter Emma Thompson) who seems perceptive towardsEffie and sensitive to her plight, yet is strangely surprised onlearning the marriage was not consummated. She also seems to provide abroader context to the plight of women during this period, but she is afrustratingly fleeting presence, given that she is a mentor and arevelation to Effie and a catalyst for her deliverance.The dark heart of the film is certainly Ruskin's mother, played byJulie Walters. Played as a mixture of pompous refinement and thuggery,this is easily the strongest performance.Those who are not especially interested in the subject matter (ie art,pre-raphaelites etc) will find little to enjoy here. And the writing isnot accomplished enough to be genuinely thought provoking. Still, theperformances are good and it does hold your interest for the duration.Be warned, though, it's not much of a giggle.