It's a tale as old as time, and song as old as rhyme (oops wrongmovie). A beautiful woman falls for a charming prince and thanks to alittle luck, a few friends, a dollop of magic and a lot of charm, thetwo live happily ever after. We all know the story, we all know thestakes and we all know the characters not to mention how this classicfairy-tale ends. The question then becomes is this adaptation reallynecessary?On the face of it no it doesn't. This new adaptation of Disney'swatered down European folk tale is by all accounts, little more than anattempt to rake in nostalgia dollars while continuing to increase brandrecognition. It's a marketing ploy meant to weave Disney's version ofwhimsy into the generations by getting daughter, mother and grandmotherto appreciate the same story at the exact same time for the exact samereason. Yet despite of the obvious pandering, despite the little to norisk the story is imbued with and regardless on how formal the film isas to resemble an embalmed corpse, Cinderella is not without its charm.Much of that charm is put on the capable shoulders of Lily James whoplays our lovely lead. Told since the death of her mother (Atwell) to"be brave and kind, always," James keeps the innocence of Cinderellaalive with a true purity of soul. She sells this role which under moretepid hands would have come off as milquetoast or worse still, justplain flat. Richard Madden likewise has a certain way about him that issympathetic enough to convince the adults in the room while beingtransparent enough for children to understand his character.Oddly enough if there are sour apples in the bunch it's the veteranactresses, Helena Bonham Carter and buxom mistress of waspishness CateBlanchett. As the fairy godmother, Carter is trifling and downrightannoying at times. Cinderella proves herself on every occasion to be agenuine article saint yet her godmother sees it fit to test her beforeany magic is to be received. Additionally her rendition ofBippity-Boppity-Bop is Bippity-Boppity-Bad.Blanchett has the opposite problem, she does her character far too muchservice. She brings a lot of layers and subtext to her character and ifshe were a wicked stepmother in any other film, her characterizationwould be award worthy. Yet since this is Cinderella, she'sautomatically compared to the nearly supernatural nefariousness thatwas Eleanor Audley's Lady Tremaine. A woman who needed no backstorybecause she was a force of evil and not some sad aging vamp.Blanchett's stepmother is sympathetic...but does she need to be?There are some other liberties taken with the story but none radicalenough to change the tale for better or much worse. If anything thelittle changes get in the way of what's really important aboutCinderella; the costumes. And boy does Cinderella deliver on the perioddetail with beautiful bodices hemstitched with multi-colored laces andassorted filigree. When together the Prince and Cinderella look likethey belong on top of a wedding cake. Young girls with little to noexposure of the 1950 animated Cinderella will be outright astounded bythe ballroom beauty of director Kenneth Branagh's sets. That's ofcourse is when they're not giggling with glee over the rapturousmagical effects.I'm of two minds when it comes to this film. On the one hand I abhorDisney's need to mine their old properties for glittering pieces ofnostalgia then re-purpose them so they can sell it to a new generationwhile (I suspect) saving money on new Disney World attractions. Yet ata time when family entertainment has become so fragmented andspecialized, seeing something everyone can recognize and enjoy in acommunion of leg-crossing attentiveness and anticipation isn't all thatawful. Plus any little girl not yet made cruel by the realities of lifewill inevitably idolize Cinderella for who she is and what sherepresents. And why shouldn't she? She looks good while doing it.