I'm not sure why Disney is hell-bent on remaking all of their classicanimated films into live-action reboots, but that seems to be the casenowadays. With 'Snow White and The Huntsman' to 'Maleficent' and nowwith 'Cinderella', Disney is banking on popular movie stars tore-energize their classic titles. The problem is that these are not anygood. While there is probably a built in audience already and newgenerations are now getting to see these old tales, it might befinancially viable to think about rebooting these franchises. But inorder to do that, you must make something that is quality, which noneof these are.In fact, I thought Disney was the leader in re-releasing movies as theywere over time. Why haven't they just re-released the originals for theyounger generations to see and enjoy instead of making terriblelive-action films that people forget in less time it takes to make apeanut butter and chocolate cake sandwich. Cinderella is just as bad ifnot worse than the prior two films that came before it and I'll tellyou why. Before that unfortunate business, there were a couple ofdecent aspects to this film that was directed by Kenneth Branaghhimself and written by Chris Weitz (the guy who directed 'AmericanPie').Besides the visual style of the film, which is gorgeous, colorful, andfun, and of course the immaculate costumes that went in to the finalfilm (which will win some kind of award in the future, I'm sure), it'sthe tone of the film that's different here. If you saw 'Maleficent' or'Snow White and the Huntsman', there was a darker and much sinistertone to those classic tales of Disney. It's a trend nowadays that wesee everywhere from the Marvel universe to the 'Star Trek' films.Everything is in darkness or supposed to be brooding like an angry ahipster who found out too late that their Starbuck's coffee has beensabotaged.Branagh flipped the tone on its ear and pretty much stuck to theanimated classic film's tone with really no ounce of darkness orbrooding to be seen. It was a nice treat. That being said, seeing the'Cinderella' story in live-action mode, made me think that there reallywas no interesting story in 'Cinderella' to begin with. Literallynothing happens besides a young girl going to dance at some fancyhouse, leaving her clothes on the front lawn, and some dude returningthose clothes, then marrying her. That really sums up the 'Cinderella'story.Sure, there is a stepmother and her two daughters who can be a trio ofjerks to 'Cinderella', but it's nothing that that a few cheese-eatingmice can't take care of. It really is a boring film, where I foundmyself trying to find anything decent about the movie. One of thebetter scenes in the classic animated film was when the fairy godmother came down upon Cinderella with her magic wand and turned normalhousehold rodents and objects into fun things that were useful, like agiant pumpkin car. Well, here in this live action version, HelenaBonham Carter (Tim Burton's former beard and Johnny Depp look-a-like),played the fairy god mother. Carter completely ripped off Johnny Depp'sWilly Wonka character and input that into the fairy god mother. Soinstead of some hip grandma who grant wishes, we get a dimwitted angellike creature who got lost on the way to heaven with the IQ of a doorknob. Just terrible. How could Kenneth Branagh, the guy who made'Hamlet' awesome allow something like this?Then you have Lily James playing the iconic character who does a decentenough job, but is no where near memorable. And Richard Madden playsthe prince, which just makes you angry that he's no longer in 'Game ofThrones' anymore and probably owed someone a favor for this. The onlyreal spotlight is solely for Cate Blanchett, who plays a great evilstepmother. Everything from her body language, emotions, and dialoguecompletely sells her character to a tee. I wanted to like this movie,but just couldn't. If you find yourself looking to watch 'Cinderella',just find the original classic cartoon and enjoy that version, becausethis live-action one is not worth the time or money.