The Perks of being a Wallflower is about a teenage boy named Charliethat has had a rough life and writes letters to someone but doesn'ttell us who there for. He is in high school and ready to make newfriends. Through the past years he has experience harsh things like hisbest friend's and aunt's death. He meets great friends throughout highschool. He falls in love with his friend Sam. But, things get bad.Somehow eventually he always overcomes this problems. At the end of themovie he found out something terrible, he had gotten rapped by hisaunt. After going through therapy and with the help of this friends andfamily he got better.There were five main characters to this story. The first character isnamed Charlie. He is the main character and the person writing theletters. Patrick is another main character he is Charlie's friend. Heis gay and in a relationship with someone that hasn't came out yetabout his sexuality. Patrick goes through rough times because of thisrelationship. The third main character is named Sam. She is Patrick'sstepsister. Charlie falls in love with her, but she doesn't payattention to him. She has a boyfriend who at the end of the story endsup cheating on her. The four character is Charlie sister. She istreated badly by her boyfriend, but never did anything about it. Thelast character is named Mary Elizabeth. She becomes Charlie'sgirlfriend, but Charlie never did like her. She is self centered andarrogant. I like the actors very much. They all had an important rolein the story. They all had me engaged in the story and were all verymuch different from each other.My favorite part of the film when Charlie gets better at the end.Charlie gets really bad and was about to hurt himself. He goes throughtherapy to help him get better from what his Aunt Helen did to him. Ilike how the story had a happy ending and the everything got better.I liked the book more than the film. In the book it gave much moredetails on what's happening. Like when Charlie gets in a fight in thebeginning of the story. Also when Charlie's sister gets pregnant andshe gets an abortion. A something that happened in the movie and notthe book was when Charlie and Sam kissed before Sam left for college.In a scale from 1-5 stars I would give this movie a 4. I would becauseit could have had much more detail. Also the characters like Sam wasn'tthe same as described in the book. Other than that I thought this moviewas really good and I really enjoyed watching it.