I read a lot of reviews so I expected Les Miserables to fall short ofexpectations, but I really enjoyed the film version. Better yet, itcaptured my imagination where I wanted to read more on the making ofit, casting choices, etc. A lot of critics are harping on the closeups, but why else would one adapt a theatrical production into a movieunless you wanted to utilize the advantages of cinema? No, it doesn'tdwell on sweeping vistas, but vistas are there as throwaways. Probablybecause they're CGI and look fake anyway, Mr. Hooper chose not to dwellon them. What I appreciated was the intimacy of the songs and theemotional honesty in their delivery.Another critique I read was the film revels in ugliness. Um. You meanlike the novel? It's increasingly irritating to read film criticismfrom people who have neither interest or experience with the subjectmatter. As a filmed musical version of Les Miserables, it's amazinglygood. I slogged through the book back in the day, right after I boughtthe London Cast Soundtrack of the play and grim, harsh reality is whatVictor Hugo was going for. (That, and endless explorations on what itis to rebel.) To the film's credit, Fantine doesn't get her two frontteeth pulled out. That would've been hard to take, watching her sing "IDreamed a Dream" with gaps in her grill.Overall, I agreed with Director Tom Hooper's choices. I always thoughta film version of "I Dreamed A Dream" would have flashbacks of a sunnycountry side and any other images about idyllic love, instead Mr.Hooper stays close on Anne Hathaway's beautiful, heartfelt rendition ofthe song and it nearly moved me to tears. I read a number of reviewscriticizing Russell Crowe's singing and while he may not be Pavarotti,he did what any actor has to do if they don't have the voice of anangel: He sells the songs. Of all the Javerts I've seen captured onfilm, (Anthony Perkins, Geoffrey Rush, Mr. Crowe) I believed his themost. (Geoffrey Rush seemed like he should just take Valjean out for abeer.) Javert is a strange character. You have to believe that he's soobsessed with Justice and the law that he'll take his own life when hismeaning of it unravels. Russell Crowe does all the work in his eyes notin his voice. I thought he was amazingly good. And I appreciated TomHooper's choice of having Javert flirting with death while he singsStars, foreshadowing the way he will meet his demise.Meanwhile, Hugh Jackman did solid work as Jean Valjean, but heunfortunately, fell short on "Bring Him Home," which of course isValjean's and (possibly the play's) showstopper, he got a little pitchyand cracky and didn't bring the tears. For that reason I give the film8 instead of 10 stars.But aside from that, it's a stirring, rousing, clap-at-the-end-ofnearly-every scene Film musical.