Firstly let me say up front that I am a huge fan of musical theatre,and if pushed would concede that 'Les Mis' is probably my all-timefavourite musical, edging just ahead of other favourite shows such asEvita, Miss Saigon, Cats and West Side Story and Carousel. I have seenit twice in the West End of London and have watched concertperformances of the musical countless times on DVD's, both the RoyalAlbert Hall anniversary concert and the more recent 'O2 Arena'anniversary concert. Both are fabulous shows to watch and listen to onTV and the music is inspiring as ever. It was therefore with tremendousanticipation and excitement that I went to see Les Miserables ? themovie, especially as it had received a great number of rave reviews.Sorry folks ? I was really disappointed. By far and away the mainreason for my disappointment was the woeful miscasting of the leadroles ? particularly Russell Crowe as Javert and Hugh Jackman as JeanValjean. For some totally mind boggling logic, the producers chose fameover singing ability. This is the musical which probably more than anyother, requires truly exceptional, professional singers in the leadroles. Frankly, it would have been better if proper singers were usedto lay down the sound-tracks and these two karaoke 'also runs' mimed tothe singing. After all, Natalie Wood got away with it in West SideStory. Hugh Jackman, while admittedly singing more or less in tune, isextremely pedestrian in every one of the towering, emotionallydemanding songs. His whiny, nasally, weak voice just didn't cut it ? atall! I bet your local amateur dramatic group could have come up someonewho could give a better performance. As for Crowe! The least said abouthis singing the better. Let me just say that one of my all-timefavourite songs from the show is "Stars", and when sung by a half waydecent tenor, it never fails to move me to tears. Crowe's renditiononly brought me to tears of despair and sorrow at the desecration ofsuch a beautiful, inspiring piece of music. The man cannot sing worth adamn!I can't really comment on the 'close-up' filming, the live recording ofvocals or the overall direction of the movie ? I suppose it seemed tocome across OK ? because I was just too blown out by the terriblesinging to be able to think too much about anything else, or take anobjective view about what I was watching. And let's not for one moment try to argue that stage musicals can nevermake good film musicals as that is patently untrue. I recentlyre-visited the movie Evita with Madonna in the lead role, and say whatyou will about Madonna, but she really lifted her game in Evita andperformed magically. Antonio Banderas as Che Guevara and Jonathan Pryceas Peron were also brilliant choices and sang their hearts out toperfection.The film version of Evita should have shown any budding filmmakers justhow to adapt a stage musical for the silver screen. Evita is so muchbetter than Les Miserables in every conceivable way. And just in caseyou think that Evita, (1996), is the exception, I would refer you tomultiple Oscar winners like Oliver, (1968), and the still incredibleWest Side Story, (1961). It can be done, but rule number one is to getpeople who can sing ? or if not, dub them! 'Nuff said!