Just to warn people, there are two big criticisms you really shouldn'tlet bother you: 1.) It's not Broadway, because it's a movie. No matterwhat, it was never going to be the same thing as a good stageproduction of Les Miserables anyway. 2.) No movie should be expected tobe completely faithful to a book. If somebody paints a painting aboutsomething, and later, somebody writes a song about the exact samething, people don't expect the lyrics of the song to perfectly explainthe painting, but this movie is fair and true enough to the originalVictor Hugo novel and story. In the case of the original LesMiserables, Victor Hugo's novel from the 1800s is 1,900 pages long andit wasn't a musical anyway. You couldn't fit all of a book that sizeinto 5 movies, but this movie is true enough to the original story.Plus it fits in almost all of the original Broadway production music.That being said, I'm not really a big fan of musicals, in fact I tendto not like them, Oklahoma-boring, South Pacific-who cares. About theonly musicals I ever really liked include Pink Floyd The Wall and TheRocky Horror Picture Show.But this movie is excellent, as ineverybody-in-the-theater-claps-at-the-end excellent.It's basically not done in song and dance style. Characters are movingaround and in action the whole time. There is some spoken dialogue, butit is done very much in the style of The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, amovie in which 100% of the dialogue is sung. These are basically theonly two musicals of this type of style or technique. In The Umbrellasof Cherbourg, you quickly don't notice they are singing at all anymore,and you go through the whole movie as if you are just listening topeople talking or arguing, but in this Les Miserables, sometimes youdon't notice that they are singing, while other times, well, they aredefinitely belting it out, but still within the flow of dialogue, andthe action of the movie keeps going. They don't interrupt the action tostop and do a big tap dance and singing number or anything like that.In fact, you don't even notice when they are going from straight spokendialogue and back to singing, sometimes even mid-sentence, andsometimes a character is replying to singing with spoken dialogue, asthe two get mixed right in together perfectly.It you just want the Les Miserables story in a movie but without themusic, then watch the 1997 version directed by Bille August, as that isa really good movie. (And includes stars Liam Neeson, Uma Thurman,Claire Danes and Geoffrey Rush.)But remember, the musical Les Miserables has been more to the stagethan what movies like The Godfather or even Casablanca ever were to thesilver screen. It's number one, with more people having seen a stageproduction of Les Miserables than Annie, Cats, South Pacific, ThePhantom of the Opera, Chicago, Rent, Miss Saigon, Evita, or anythingelse, and there is a reason for that and that reason is basically themusic. Along with the story of course, but its music is really justthat powerful.You could just watch a recording of some NYC or London stage productionof Les Miserables on DVD. There are plenty of those, including onesthat are hardly even stage productions but rather more so just operasingers on stage taking turns singing the music. But you aren't goingto get a movie type story experience out of those. Just the same, nomatter how well done, a good Broadway quality stage performance of LesMiserables is going to be 5 times better than even a perfect LesMiserables musical movie. This movie is produced like a movie and not as the filming of a stageproduction.A movie movie, as we expect it, sets its scenes wherever they need tobe. When a character is hiking over the top of a mountain, they areactually there filming on the top of a mountain. That is how this movieusually is. When they are out on the streets of Paris, they are out onthe streets of Paris. It's a movie. And it's the story well told. Andit's the music. All in one.Putting all of those things together in one Les Miserables movie, wellit's hard to imagine anybody doing it much better or even trying to. Afew imperfections or weaknesses are there, but not enough for anybodyto try to outdo it anytime soon. Some of the outdoor scenes could havebeen shot on a location in some French city or town, rather than havingbuildings or skylines look so much like stage sets or computergenerated images. Next to none of the waterfront scenes looked likethey were just shot on an actual location, with all sorts of ships andthings looking like stage sets or computer generations. Some of theactors could have cut their cockney stage accents for just straightmodern English occasionally touched with French accents orpronunciations as needed. (After all, they already weren't shooting inFrench, so why bother with any fake old timey stage accents that onlymake characters that much harder to understand?) They could have takena page from The Umbrellas of Cherbourg and seriously stuck to realismand naturalism, rather than appearing as stage performers performing ona stage so much. There were some mighty wobbly cameras in a few scenes. Even if you are not big fan of Victor Hugo or of musicals, this shouldstill be enough of an action and adventure movie to keep you wellentertained. It's long, but that was something unavoidable in order tofit in both enough of the story and the music. Overall, it's excellent. A rare 9 out of 10 stars for me.