Pain and Suffering are Universal. Les Miserables too!. The notion thismovie portrays is also Universal in the sense that the indomitablehuman spirit survives the worst in life with an absolute gusto. As thecharacters undergo Pain and Suffering moment after moment, theemotional journey becomes an excellent envelope of the story. It isthis emotional journey that holds the movie together.Acting (& Singing live!!): I knew that Hugh Jackman is highly talented,but this movie brings out his rather quiet side skill of singing aswell. His acting and singing are absolutely superb!. Special mentionfor 'What kind of a man am I' and 'Bring him Home'. Jackman brings upan exquisite portrayal of the redemption-seeking ex-prisoner. Hisperformance stands out from the rest of the cast. Russel Crowe as theInspector Javert has done excellent. The rest of the reviews point outthat his singing has not been even up to the mark (as required for aheavyweight character as his) but I found that his rendition has beengreat. Javert's monologue before his suicide deserves a specialmention. I would say that he has been absolutely world class in hisperformance. Anne Hathaway portrays the poor Fontaine struck in a ruton pain, suffering and despair. Her rendition of 'I dreamed a dream'will definitely notch her awards and accolades. Samantha Barks as theheart-broken Eponine gives a great performance as well. I felt that theweak link in terms of singing was Amanda (as Cosette). The comic reliefprovided by Cohen and Carter was very good. Everyone else includingMarius and their friends, as I see, performed remarkably well in theirportrayal of their characters.Cinematography, Costumes and Direction: Cinematography set against abackdrop of the 19th century post-revolution France is excellent.Costumes are perfectly apt for all the characters. Director Tom Hooperhas provided us a stunning movie portrayal of the stage version.Perfectly adapted for the big screen, the movie is as close as it couldget to Hugo's book. Director's insistence on live singing by the actorshas made the movie an excellent treat to watch. His portrayal of thepain and suffering on the faces of various characters through close-upsthroughout the movie is marvelous!.I have not seen the stage version yet, but would like to experience thesame given that I felt emotionally drenched out (and hence feeling muchbetter about grief and pain) after the movie.My rating would be a 9 out of 10. The movie is worth watching few timesin order to sink in with the emotions and should definitely be owned ina DVD version as a collector material. Regards, Ganesh.