Review of the soundtrack of Les Misérables film form iTunes LesMisérables (Highlights From the Motion Picture Soundtrack)As I have not seen the film I thought I would buy the soundtrack thatis now on sale as a taster of things to come. I was quite excited andrather looking forward to this sound track and the seeing the film thatwe had all awaited for so long. After listening to this soundtrack Ihave to report the following, sadly.Listening to the soundtrack is rather like spending a few hours at anall inclusive holiday at Auswitch concentration camp with all the joysthat would bring one. It was simply dreadful.It must have taken a great deal of care and effort to seemingly ruinone of the worlds greatest musicals by simply casting people with weakand utterly uninteresting singing voices that are totally unsuitablefor the parts that we all love and cherish. Hugh Jackman has a slightly pleasant singing voice in a smokey drunkenkaraoke way but possess a very weak voice that simply does not bringjustice to the part of Jean Valjean and the stunning songs that he hasthroughout the story. Jackman does not it seem possess the power neededto pull of the songs we all know and love from the stage play. Justsuch a disappointment. Russell Crowe, which did seem to be good casting, does manage to impartthe feeling of menace to some degree but that is probably just his owncharacter coming though but again, while slightly better than Jackman,does fail in expectation to the stunning songs that his character ofJavert has throughout the play. Sounds like PC Plod humming to himselfas he happily fits you up for some crime or another. Anne Hathaway is dreadful in the extreme and manages to butcher everysong she has performed and again is weak throughout. From listening toher I wold not care what happens to her just that it happened quicklyso that it was over and done with. Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter have managed to lose all thehumor and warmth of their stage parts while managing to keep thedislike of their characters but for all the wrong reasons and theirsinging voices are utterly, utterly awful. Again powerful parts fromthe stage play ruined beyond all belief.The only person that was it seems was any good was Eddie Redmayne anddoes a good job at his role of Marius. With such expectation it was just so disappointing to hear the soundtrack and I would recommend that any one who wants to see Les Misshould see it in a theater where it seems this show belongs but not ina cinema where everything that this show had that made us all love itfor so many years has been destroyed by Hollywood or who ever had thenerve to put this film out there. Save your money and avoid the film.Sad, just so very sad