The guiding ethic of any film adaptation of a legendary source must be:"Change as little as possible." Those in charge of Les Miz knewprecisely what they were working with. A few songs are shortened, ahandful of lines altered, and a few scenarios condensed or adapted totheir original literary form, but the whole remains gloriously andsatisfyingly intact.The Work Song is set to the image of a hundred convicts battling astormy sea to pull a listing ship into dry dock?and only here does thefilm's live-recording ethic fall short, as the music and voices lackthe power to match the imagery, seemingly washed out by the sea noise,where the live musical would normally captivate from the first note.Neither of them theatrical belters, Jackman and Crowe's performancesfeel subdued in the opening scene. But the film finds its gravitas theinstant Colm Wilkinson appears as the Bishop of Digne, and from thatinstant, the next two and a half hours are nothing less than therepeated sliding of the viewer's soul up and down a finely-honed blade.The ability to take close-ups gives the film an intimacy that isunattainable on a Broadway stage, and power numbers are sometimesreduced to a chilling whisper. Anne Hathaway destroys herself to bringFantine to life, and her incredible, personal pain washes in waves fromthe screen. The tooth removal, normally excised from the musical, iseven back from the book?though modified in location. Confrontation isthen viscerally set as a full-on close-quarters sword fight.Film also allows a depth of scale that challenges the stage. Thetransition to At the End of the Day is a grim and powerful scramblethrough the slums of Paris, shaking the screen with the palpable rageof a nation. Look Down is another tour de force, while Do You Hear thePeople Sing emerges from a quiet, elegiac call to arms that organicallyovertakes General Lamarque's funeral procession.Samantha Barks' Éponine lights up in her every interaction with Marius,and shots of her in the background of A Heart Full of Love aresoul-rending. But she suffers just enough tiny cuts that A Little Fallof Rain is not quite as arresting as it should be, and the constantclose-ups amputate the power of a scene that should captivate not onlythrough its intimacy, but through the inactivity that washes across theentirety of a once-violent stage.Russel Crowe's soft-voiced Javert takes some getting used to, and whileit works more often than one might expect, he sometimes seems to besinging with a sock in his mouth?most notably during One Day More,where he seems to have been mixed in at a different volume level fromthe rest of the cast. Yet the cinematography of Stars is simple yetstunning, and Javert's Suicide suffers nothing in this interpretation.M. Thénardier endures a few cuts (most notably the truncation of DogEats Dog), but Sacha Baron Cohen steals enough asides and chews enoughscenery that his part hardly feels reduced.The background has been filled in with elements from the novel, andthose who have read Hugo's epic will appreciate nods to Faucheleventand the Petit-Picpus convent, Gavroche's elephant-home, Marius'grandfather, and the tavern behind the barricade. There is even a quickcut to Gavroche when Éponine is shot, winking at their normallyundisclosed sibling relationship.Even the finale remains perfectly and satisfyingly intact. The onlychallenge with a film that so precisely parallels its stage inspirationis resisting the necessity to deliver a standing ovation once the finalnote has been sung. If only they had found a way to incorporate acurtain call.