As I was a kid growing up in Italy, I remember when the national TVchannels broadcast classical operas. Even as a kid, I could understandthe efforts of the directors who had to work with what theyhad---editing in real time live stage actors. Obviously, moviedirectors do not have the limitation--- they can edit, dub, sync, useCGI, and move their cameras at will, in harmony or in counterpoint tothe music. So, I was utterly disappointed when I saw that Tom Hooperdid not achieve anything better than the old-timey Italian TV directorscould do with staged opera.That is even more surprising because Hooper is working on LesMiserables---the longest-running, most beloved musical of all time. LesMis contains some of the most beautiful, moving, and powerful pieces ofmusic ever written. And its music is layered on one of the best andrichest novel plots. With such a rich material available, Tom Hopper makes the odd decisionin concentrating all of his efforts in beautifully rich scenarios andCGI reconstructions of Paris (one of which is bizarrely out ofperspective), and filming every single solo as a more-or-less singleshot of the close-up of the singer. With Anne Hathaway's performance,it kind of works, but it fails with everybody else. In fact, I foundthat this choice creates two kinds of problems. First, it creates anuncanny contrast between the intensity of the performance (strengthenedby the close-ups) and the fact that, well, the characters are SINGING,even when dying. Somehow, forcing the intensity of the acting breaksthe spell instead of strengthening it. Second, and most importantly, there is an unresolved tension betweenthe music and the immobility of the camera. the music drives thefeelings, and invites motion and changes. You want the camera to rolland open spaces, and, instead, you find yourself still staring at HughJackman's wrinkles. One might say that this is some kind of asceticdirectorial decision, but no---when the characters are not singing TomHooper abuses impossible camera work that zooms in and out atimpossible distances, from the detail of a face to bird's eye views ofParis. So the reason for the poor filming of singing actors must laysomewhere else. Maybe the root of these problems is Hooper's muchcelebrated choice of having the actors sing in real-time. But, again,why was decision made in the first place? Since it causes problems inthe final result, I see no point in recording the actors while singinglive--- if not for bragging about it later on.So, in summary, the movie was disappointing. And good performances (oreven great performances) cannot save a weak directorial work that failsto shape the richness of the story and the music. If the director wassomeone like the energetic Baz Luhrmann (Moulin Rouge! and Ballroom),we could have had a real movie, if not a masterpiece. Instead, we gotan expensive TV Christmas special.