The snobs with award show voting rights all said Russell Crowe wasn'tright for the role. I think he did a killer job. He gives a torturedand brilliant performance as Javert, and deserves an Oscar nominationfor it. We as viewers feel the demons battling it out in this guy'shead. He's bewildered by Jean's (Hugh Jackman) compassion andforgiveness, that he begins to doubt himself. He wants to believe mancan't change; that all men play different roles in life, and those aretheir roles to play until the day they die. So when ex-slave convictand changed man, Jean Valjean approaches Javert, who commanded himduring his slave days and vowed to find him when he escaped, withcompassion and understanding. Jean has a greater perspective on life,and Javert is perplexed by what he sees in him. In his mind, Javertremembers a convict, a greasy good-for-nothing criminal slave, butthrough his eyes he sees a great man, a man who is leader-like andstrong willed, yet a man with love and understanding for the poor. Keepin mind, all these complex emotions are delivered through song. Thefilm literally has very few lines that aren't to a tune, and many ofthose are battle cries/commands.Now that I've addressed the offensively underrated Russell Croweperformance, I'd like to move on to the Anne Hathaway performance whicheveryone recognizes as great. That's because it is. Though hercharacter is only present for the first 45 minutes, Hathaway'sheartwrenching, tearjerking performance leaves an impact that lasts forthe film's massive two hour and forty minute duration, and then aboutanother couple days after that. She plays Fantine, a factory workertrying to accumulate enough money to both feed herself and send some toher daughter, who is being raised by a hilariously dastardly coupleplayed by Sacha Baron Cohen (Borat) and Helena Bonham Carter (FightClub). When she loses her job at the factory, her life is reduced toruins. She starts by selling her hair for ten franks, and thensurrenders herself to a life as a prostitute. When Jean finds her, andrealizes he's responsible for firing her and forcing her into the lifeshe's living, he is struck with guilt and sorrow, and vows to take careof her daughter, Cosette. Hugh Jackman is also delivers a wonderful performance as Jean, who agesthrough a twenty year period with some very good makeup work. It is sointriguing, yet so heartwarming to see how Jean, though through partsof his life is very rich, and parts of his life he is dirt-poor, alwaysstays the same in terms of character. When he is greeted by fortune, hedoesn't become a nasty, greedy man. He in fact attempts to use hiswealth to help others, especially Fantine, after he witnesses what he'saccidentally done to her. But what are we left with other than the spectacular acting? Onlycareful direction, masterful production design, and the overwhelminggrandeur of the passionate and striking music. It's a lot to claim fora musical that's already been made into a movie two or three timesbefore, but despite a few scenes that felt stretched and unnecessary,and there were literally only two or three, I was completely captivatedand marvelously astounded by Tom Hooper's Les Misèrables.