Before seeing this movie, I'd heard of Les Miserables, but never knewwhat it was about. Wow! Very interesting story. It's sad, but with atitle like Les Miserables, I don't know how one can expect anythingelse. Now, I have to share my opinion regarding the choices for theproduction of this movie. I could rant on and on about how a city fullof French people sound like their English because an English accent isapparently the default accent for anyone who isn't American. Sure,that's annoying, but I had bigger concerns. I felt that this movie had some serious casting issues. Les Miserablesis supposed to be an opera. The people who were cast in this movie areNOT opera singers and didn't show in any way that they were capable ofsinging in an opera. That isn't to say that the actors and actressescan't sing. I know some of them can, like Anne Hathaway and HughJackman. But they don't have the voices needed to pull this type ofsinging off.After watching this, I decided that I had to see a live production. Afew months later, I got my chance. I was blown away by the talent onthe stage. But this talent just further emphasized the shortcomings ofthe actors in the movie. They would have been fine if they were justacting in a regular movie, but they weren't. At times, it was if theywere acting while they were singing, such as in "I Dreamed a Dream." Itisn't exactly pleasing to the ears when I had to hear Hathaway crywhile she sang. I couldn't even understand all of the words at first.Points to her for good acting, though.The only members of the main cast who sounded as if they had the chopsto do this the way it's supposed to be done were Samantha Barks andAaron Tveit. I know Barks played Eponine in the 2010 version of LesMiz. She was phenomenal then and phenomenal in this. The guard at thebarricades who spoke to the rebels after Gavroche died also sounded asif he was supposed to be in this movie. Excluding Colm Wilkinson as thebishop (he was the original Valjean on Broadway), the other castmembers seemed as if they should have been replaced with lesser- knownactors who actually have the range to do this kind of singing. Anyways, I had to get that off my chest. I only gave this movie a 6because I liked the story, and I've read about how hard the actorsworked on it. I'll always appreciate that it opened my eyes to theworld of Les Miz, but I've preferred basically every other version ofLes Miz's songs over the ones in the movie.