As someone who has been burned by every single Hollywood adaptation ofLes Miserables, let me categorically state that this time it was doneright! Everything from the acting to the music to the sets wasborderline perfect. The only thing that could possibly be considered anegative was something that was absolutely unavoidable. That is, whenyou are taking a novel as voluminous as Les Miserables and condensingit into a feature length movie, some things will be cut or rushed. Thisis no exception. The movie moves at breakneck speed. Anyone who is fondof the Broadway musical will no doubt not be bothered by it, but peoplenew to the story or those who have only read the novel might be put offby it.As far as the acting and music is concerned, I can find very little tofault. Russel Crowe was the weakest of the lot as I just didn't findhis voice to be up to the task of singing some of Javert's songs (Starsimmediately springs to mind). Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, and SamanthaBarks were all especially good. The intense emotions their charactersexperience throughout the story are perfectly performed.This naturally leads to a critique of the music. Anyone familiar withthe Broadway show will undoubtedly find themselves joyously mouthingalong to the familiar lyrics and might be surprised at a couple ofbrand new songs written specifically for the movie. Just as in theshow, the music is brilliant and meshes wonderfully with the story.One of the biggest treats, however, were the sets and special effects.The beauty and squalor of 19th century Paris was showcasedmagnificently and it really allowed you to become engrossed in story.This is a movie that both fans of the novel as well as fans of themusical can both fall in love with, since even though there are somedeviations from the novel this is still the closest a film version hasever come to being completely faithful to the book. Additionally, thismovie is a perfect chance for those who have never read the book orhaven't heard of or had a chance to see the Broadway show. Iwholeheartedly recommend this film to everyone. My only warning is tolimit your fluid intake, since at 2.5+ hours your chance ofencountering an overflowing bladder is a very real danger.