I feel I should start by saying that this was never going to pleaseeveryone, there is too much detail in Hugo's text for a start. Also, alarge number of viewers will, like me, have a well formed idea of thesets and visuals in their imagination.Does this film match my imagination? No. Did I enjoy it? Yes,thoroughly.The whole look of the film is perfect, with sets and locations settinga striking atmosphere. There plot moves fast, particularly in the firsthalf hour, with much detail omitted (but a lot more than viewers of thestage show get). It is when we get to Paris that the film really takesto its stride.The cast is well chosen. I agree that Jackman 'ageing' his voice is aparticularly fine touch. Crowe (apparently controversial) is anexcellent choice for Javert IMO. His style suits the duty-boundinspector, making the transformation in his guiding principles evenmore marked and emotional. Indeed, some of the most emotional momentswere added for him (particularly the giving of the medal). To avoid asimple list of all the principals, I will say that the rest wereexcellent, with a special mention for Eddie Redmayne and SamanthaBarks. The Thenardiers provided a fresh take that was thoroughlyenjoyable whilst staying true to the story.This of course brings me on to Hathaway as Fantine... Popular opinionseems to be a love/hate thing, so maybe it is unusual that I am in themiddle. She was indeed moving but I do feel that the part wasoveracted. Before I am berated for forgetting how hard-done-by she is,I say this: in real life she wouldn't be singing. There's a balancebetween realism and honouring the flow and musical intention of thecomposers. Personally I think it erred slightly too far towards theformer. Having said this, it is by no means a bad portrayal and itseems certain that she will bag an Oscar.The director has a fascination with close in shots of faces, which isoverused throughout the film, becoming frustrating. In particular, thiscame to a head during 'Empty Chairs at Empty Tables' when I had hadenough and found myself thinking "You have a beautiful set full ofempty chairs and empty tables - the visual imagery is too good tomiss!"In summary the film starts strongly and when we arrive in Paris,becomes a game changer. Problems are merely small distractions andoften a matter of personal taste. With this source material, thislavish treatment is well deserved!