I went to see this film as a complete Les Mis virgin, having no idea asto the storyline, and having never seen any previous production norhaving read the novel.But I enjoy musicals (both in the theatre and film versions) and I wentwith an open mind, and looking forward to seeing something a littledifferent from the norm. Sadly, within the first few minutes, I knewI'd made a mistake, and this has become one of my most hated films ofall time.Indeed, I always rate films but rarely review them, but I just had toget this off my chest. Particularly because so many reviews seem to begushing about its brilliance, and although I'm fully prepared to admitthat my views are in the minority, I think it's important to air themif only in the interest of balance and representation.It didn't take long to realise that every single word of the dialoguewas to be 'sung'. I say 'sung' rather than sung, because it wasn't whatI could really refer to as singing. Just because one woooooord of anygiven liiiiiine is extended like thiiiiiis, does not, in my mind, makeit 'singing'. In fact, if it weren't for the extended words in nearlyevery sentence, the film would likely have been at least thirty minutesshorter.The lack of spoken dialogue really detracted from many of the scenes.When even the most mundane of sentences has to be delivered in such away, it becomes grating. I wouldn't have been at all surprised forsomeone to bellow out "pass the saaaaaalt". It was just awful. And the repetition! I understand that chords and themes repeatthroughout musicals, often linking similarities between scenes andconcepts and characters. It isn't that I don't understand that. Butthis was too much. It was as though the same tones and flow wererepeated every four lines. Every. Four. Lines. With the third or fourthwooooooords extended. Every. Single Time.I'm getting wound up reliving the moment and I've waited till thefollowing morning before doing this review in case my opinion mellowed. It hasn't.And the duration of the film only served to make it worse. Occasionallythe film would announce via on-screen text that it was now "8 yearslater", or whatever. And I felt as though I'd been there for thatentire time. In fact, it felt like longer.It became one of those films which leaves you feeling physicallydrained from the effort of battling through it. It was that bad. Itfelt like I've undergone a test of endurance and although I got throughit, it wasn't without mental scarring!Beyond the monotony, repetition and delivery, there was the story,which (perhaps as I had no prior knowledge of the source) wasnonsensical. People falling in love within a single glance, which thengoes on to motivate someone else to endure warfare to carry the person,half-dead? Chasing someone for what, 17 years, because of breakingparole for a loaf of bread, which itself warranted a previous 19 yearsof suffering? Only to then throw yourself to your death?Am I meant to believe these characters? Am I meant to care about them?Anne Hathaway's deterioration from factory worker to cropped andtoothless prostitute was compacted into all of 42 seconds, so when itcame to her performance of I Dreamed A Dream (which was a rarehighlight in the film) its impact was stunted because why should wecare about this woman? She's only just been introduced to us and weknow nothing about her (presumably because everyoooooone is too busysinging like thiiiiiiiis instead of actually making us caaaaaaare).Yet apparently Hugh Jackman cares so much about her that he thendevotes his entire life to her child? It was mentioned at the verybeginning that he has a sister and a nephew of his own, why not takecare of them? Or were they dead (as he went to a cross in the groundafter being paroled) but if that's the case it wasn't explained well.A film should be able to stand on its own two feet and not require itsaudience to have read the book or seen the musical. The Harry Potterbooks far exceed the movies, yet people can enjoy the movies on theirown merit. Not so with Les Mis.And the casting was bizarre as well. I don't understand why the castingwas given to Hollywood actors instead of singers. Borat? Really?? Andaccents were flying all over the place. Early in the film, when HughJackman is in the church, he suddenly sounds as though he's stepped offthe first boat from Ireland, and half of the cast of jumped straightout of a Mary Poppins chalk drawing!I can't find a single redeeming feature to mention about this film.Miscast. Rubbish sets (most of it looking like obvious CGI). Repetitive'singing'. No spoken dialogue. Nonsensical plot. Ridiculous pacing. Nocharacter development or involvement. Beyond doubt one of the worst films I have ever watched, and I wouldsooner have my teeth extracted by a French street urchin than ever haveto endure this horror again.