I'll be honest, I am neither a big fans of musical movie nor a big fansof French literature. Previous to watching this movie, I have no ideawhat Les Miserables is about, other than it is written by a famousFrench writer Victor Hugo. After I saw it gets so many award on GoldenGlobe, bored out of my skull on a Tuesday afternoon, I decided to giveLes Miserables a try.And boy, does the movie blew my mind. It instantly got my attentionwith the first song, "Look Down... Look Down" by Jean Valjean (HughJackman)and his fellow prison mate as they pull the damaged ship intothe dry dock. Starting from a person who broke his parole in search ofa better life, then becoming a mayor and saving Cosette from theThernardier couple and raising her as his own daughter until themoments of his death, Hugh Jackman is magnificent in this movie and hehas brilliantly bring this tale of redemption to life.Then, there is Javert (Russell Crowe), a person who does everything bythe book, everything is principle, principle and more principle. Thereis literally no gray area, it is either black or white, heaven or hellfor him, which only make his suicide scene even sadder in my opinion,because his only wrong was letting Jean Valjean and a wounded Mariusgo, but he seem to think that he had somehow failed himself and hisprincipal, and decided the only way out was death.Also worth mentioning here is Anne Hathaway's character, Fantine.Despite her scenes in this movie aren't very long, but her scenes aredefinitely some of the saddest, especially the scene after she wasraped and started singing "I dreamed a dream", it is just somethingvery befittingly beautiful when she sang it in a whisper at first, thenthe whisper turned into a scream and the scream turned into a sobbingvoice.The only downside is that the French revolution's storyline are totallyovershadowed by the love story between Cosette, Marius and Eponine. Butthat is quickly forgiven, when the story shift it's focus back to anold and sick Jean Valjean, where he decided to leave his daughter toMarius without saying goodbye, and ask Marius to keep his secret fromCosette. Also, I decided not to talk about the second last scene in themovie, which the best part of the movie, so you can experience ityourself in cinema. Remember to bring tissues, lots of it.Finally, I just want to make it clear that every song in this movie isrecorded live on the set as the actors and actresses sing it, not ADRor lip-syncing. I think this alone is a very impressive feat and forone movie to success in so many aspect, this is definitely one of thebest movie of 2013. For the final score, I'll give it a 9 out of 10.Definitely a must watch.