Let me start by saying that this movie is an amazing piece of art. Ithad me shedding tears, i really cried when the movie had ended. I am areally big fan of musical and dramas, and i was not disappointed ATALL. This movie is worth the money, it's worth the time. I must saythough, that those who do not like musicals or music should stay awayfrom this one, as there's music through the whole damn movie. That'sright, there's almost no dialogue. However, it works very well eventhough there are only a few lines of dialogues in the whole movie.Musical lovers should absolutely watch this, and especially if youliked the original staged Les Miserables musical on theatre. So, let's get on with my review. I warn you, this has spoilers. Watchthe movie first if you don't want spoilers.Les Miserables is a wonderful story about a man named Jean Valjean, whoonce stole a piece of bread to save one of his family members becausethey were starving. For that, he got 5 years in prison. However, JeanValjean escaped before his prison time was done, so he got another 10years for that. He gets released and meets a priest at a church,treating Jean like his own brother, giving him shelter for the nightand food to eat. Jean steals silver, and the police caught him, takeshim back to the priest. But the priest asked them to release him, andtold them he gave Jean the silver. But he had one condition, that hemay use it only for good and for God.Years later Jean has broken his parole. He disappeared, he got a nicemakeover and changed his name. He is now the mayor of the town and ownsa factory. There works a woman called Fantine. She has a child and herhusband left them empty handed. Her child now lives with an meaninkeeper.The colleges fight with Fantine about a secret letter, and the foremancatches them. Therefore Fantine gets left out on the street with no jobat all, begging for mercy. What the mayor doesn't know...She is desperate for money to her child, so she sells her hair, two ofher teeth, and lets a man have his way with her. She doesn't get much,though. One of the men in town gets on to her and tries to touch her,resulting in Fantine slapping him blooded. He then makes up a fakestory for the police, and of course have evidence on his face. The Mayor (Jean) the appears and asks what happened. He overheard thatshe had a sick child and begged the guards to let her go. The mayorthen found out what his company did to her, so he swore to help her. Hetook her to a hospital. But unfortunately, she later dies. On herdeathbed, Jean promised Fantine that he would take care of her child.This is where it gets interesting, Sacha Baron Cohen is one of theinkeepers. It all breaks out in a very funny musical number and he doesit all very well (although, he isn't really a singer). Jean finds thechild, called Cosette. And gives the inkeepers 1500 franc for givingher to him. The funny thing is Sacha always mispronounce Cosette'sname, like Colette or Chasette.Javert (the towns police) have found out who the mayor really is, JeanValjean, who break his parole. Which is a very serious crime, so he isnow chasing after him. That's why Jean has to hide with the girl. Hegoes to a church seeking for help. He got a place to live with Cosette.Years later, when Cosette has grown up, the french revolution is aboutto start. A young man called Marius, falls in love when he seesCosette. But he can't really be with her because he has to stick withhis group of friends who all is for the French revolution. He sends onelast letter, before he may die, to Cosette and Jean sees it. Herealises he has to help him, because it's her only and true love.This is a really beautiful movie and musical, it's all put togetherwell, together with amazing performances from Hugh Jackman, RusselCrowe, Anne Hathaway, Eddie Redmayne and Amanda Seyfried with beautifulvoices and amazing emotions that makes you feel the characters emotionsand situations. It is all beautifully put together with greatcinemotagraphy and amazing songs(49!!!). The movie is 2 and a halfhours, and i gotta say i enjoyed every minute of them. I've watched itlike 5 times now, and i'm planning to see it many more times. It's justan amazing movie. Cheers to the director and the amazing actors in thismovie who played it off really well.What can i say more? Watch it yourself, judge it yourselves. You won'tbe disappointed. It's a wonderful but sad story taking place in Francewhen the time where hardest and when the french revolution took place.So, my final score for this movie is 9 out of 10. It's really thatgreat, and i'm wondering why this hasn't got more than just a 7,4 outof 10? I think it deserves an 8! I haven't seen ANY movie on IMDb thathas a 10, the highest i've seen being 9,3. Watch it, enjoy it, feel it. Cry. Laugh. Enjoy the music. You won't besorry you did!