It should be said that while I do enjoy the occasional musical, I'm notreally one to seek them out as they tend not to be naturally my thing;indeed my favorite musical is the South Park film, mainly because itmanages to have its genre cake and mock it at the same time. So it tookme a few minutes to get into the big chorus, singing dialogue thinghere but early on I did. To speak of the first hour I had characters Iengaged with, songs that mostly are memorable (although the singing isvariable) and generally plenty of spectacle and flair in the delivery.The first hour of the film is by far the strongest and it contains alot of the most emotionally moving aspects.Much has been said about Hathaway and, sort of as a result I wasn'tsure how much of it was hype for awards and how much of it was real,but she really is very good throughout her section. The highlight is ofcourse I Dream a Dream, but her whole performance is emotionallycharged but yet fragile at the same time. Problem is that with this andother strengths in the first hour, the rest of the film has a lot tolive up to and, mostly, it doesn't really manage it. It runs to almost3 hours and it really does feel long but weirdly at the same time italso feels rushed. It is hard to describe but the amount of story to betold seems too much to really fit in and do it well. As a result itnever grabbed me quite as much as it had in that first hour; I stillenjoyed it for its flair and spectacle but it felt like that is what Iwas watching, rather than characters or a story.Beyond Hathaway the cast are not quite as strong. Jackman does well butnot amazing; Seyfried is okay while Redmanye, Barks, Tveit and othersare solid. Baron Cohen and Bonham Carter both overplay it but areamusing. The only real weak link is Crowe and it is a shame because heactually fits his character very well, it is just the fact that hissinging voice is strained that poses a problem ? but it is a bigproblem when you're making a musical. The production values aretremendously high, with great sets, great costumes and around theseHooper gives us some great set-pieces ? with the downside of this beingthat it all seems so surface that it highlights the increasingly lackof much else going on elsewhere.The film still is worth a look for this, but it is a shame that itpeaks so early and only seems to slip away from there. It manages tofeel overlong while also feeling rushed and needing more time; perhapsme not naturally being drawn to musicals was part of the issue, but itis a flawed but expensive film.