Les Miserables is very old fashioned entertainment. It's a series ofcrescendo moments with no build-up, no backstory, no pause. It's likeeating just the topping of the pecan pie, and not bothering with thecrust or filling. We were just ten minutes into the movie when I had tolook at my watch and ask, okay, how long can they keep this up? Climaxafter climax, plot twist after plot twist, tearjerking scene aftertearjerking scene. Oceans! Mountains! Punishment! Suffering! Religion!Redemption! Will there be a break for lunch? Will we be able to catchour breath? If you can watch this film without crying, I don't want to know you.The woman behind me was on the edge of her seat, not just because Ismell good. The audience at the 10:40 a.m. matinée ? the theater waspacked ? applauded at the end, and was very slow to leave the theater,even as the closing credits rolled. Typical of big, fat, nineteenth-century novels, there are numerousimplausible coincidences that drive the plot. These coincidences tookme out of the movie, but that was a good thing. The human suffering onscreen was overwhelming: suicide, enslavement, exploitation of livinghumans' body parts, prostitution, disease, spite, malice, child abuse,starvation, sadism, a dying man escaping through very graphic sewerage.I did have to repeat to myself, "This is only a movie" even as tearsstreamed down my cheeks. Jean Valjean is imprisoned for stealing a loaf of bread to feed hissister's starving children. He slaves for twenty years. He hauls amassive, capsized sailing ship. The scene does look like obviously fakeCGI, but that doesn't make it any less gut wrenching. The workers sing,"You'll always be a slave. You are standing in your grave." They arethe men we see in Sebastiao Salgado photographs of Third Worldlaborers. They are Ilya Repin's "Barge Haulers on the Volga." Valjean'snemesis is the crazily obsessive policeman, Javert. They sparthroughout the film, as Valjean's fate rises and falls and rises andfalls and rises ? you get the idea. A story this big, this broad, and this implausible requires one hundredpercent commitment from the performers. Hugh Jackman as Jean Valjean issuperb. He believes. He emotes. He is as big as the story itself.Jackman is the heart and soul of "Les Miserables." I loved him. AnneHathaway, Eddie Redmayne, Samantha Barks, Helena Bonham Carter, SachaBaron Cohen ? they all had me convinced. Russell Crowe was a surprisingdisappointment. He's a brilliant actor and I kept waiting for him tobring some fire, some ice, some power, some insight to Javert, theobsessive and punitive policeman who mercilessly hounds Jean Valjean. Iwanted a memorable moment that would make me feel that Crowe'sperformance brought Javert to intimate life for me. That moment did notarrive. I wondered while watching this movie whether it will be embraced by thepolitical left or the political right. It is a deeply and unashamedlyChristian film. A Catholic priest, emulating Jesus, is the catalyst.Valjean spends the rest of the film working to live up to the priest'sBiblical example. "Les Miserable" is leftist in that it depicts thepoor rising up, but then the poor fail their own putative saviors, andallow them to be massacred, alone. Javert, representing law and order,is a monster. The film's brief glimpse of heaven is like some limousineliberal's fantasy. I think "Les Miserables" is as popular as it is for the same reasonthat Cinderella is so popular. When "Les Miserable" was a stage play,tickets were a very expensive and difficult to acquire luxury. It isironic that a play about the wretched of the earth would be such aluxury entertainment. Why do we enjoy watching people much poorer andmore desperate than we will ever be? Why do we pay for the privilege?Because we all see ourselves in Cinderella, in Jean Valjean, no matterhow lucky we are. I'll certainly never stand in cold sea water withiron shackles around my wrists and neck, overseen by a cold sadist likeJavert. But, along with millions of others, I saw my own struggles inValjean, and thanked God that I didn't have it as bad as he. If JeanValjean can go on, I can, too! I wish the songs had been a tad better. There are a couple of goodones, "I dreamed a dream" and "Do you hear the people sing?" All theactors sing very well. Russell Crowe and Hugh Jackman sing especiallywell.