As a huge fan of the musical, I have been waiting with anticipation forthis movie release. I just got back from the Christmas eve 10pm showingof this movie, and I must say that I am somewhat disappointed. Therewere some positives, but I feel it could have been so much better.First the positives. There are some very strong performances here.- Anne Hathaway's performance has already drawn critical acclaim, so Iwon't dwell on it, except to say that the acclaim is well deserved.- Hugh Jackman's voice tone and interpretation of Jean Valjean is quitedifferent from anyone before, and I found myself drawn deeply to thisJean Valjean, sympathizing with his every emotion. I thought he did agreat job of switching between a rough gravelly tone to a more cleanringing falsetto depending on the emotions of the character. I do havea complaint about directorial cues on one of Jean Valjean's keynumbers, but more on that below.- Eddie Redmayne as Marius gives a great performance. For the stageproductions, Marius has always been one of my least favoritecharacters, always lacking depth with what I perceived as just immatureblind infatuation for Cosette as his only emotion. In this movie, Eddiereally captured each moment: his love for Cosette in the moonlightgarden scene, his determination and drive for revolution, his remorseand anguish during "Empty chairs at empty tables" (a real tour-de-forceperformance). I thought he was wonderful.Also, the set/locations/scenery/costumes/make up really allow theaudience to immerse into the story. I think this point is one of thegreatest benefits a movie setting has over a stage production, and thismovie delivers on this front. From the beautiful country settings, tothe grime and grit of poverty in Montreuil and Paris, there is a strongsense of realism that you can't get in stage production (they didoverdo it slightly in the sewer scene).Now on to the negatives.I have seen a few reviews complaining about the slow pace of the film.I thought the opposite. It felt kinda rushed. I know the stageproduction is 3 hours long, but I wish they hadn't sacrificed the storyand proper delivery to save on run time for the movie. Some of thescene transitions are rather abrupt and leaves a sense of this being anensemble of songs, rather than one flowing story. I'm not a purist inthat I will complaint about every single change from the stageproduction, but some of the cuts and omissions really hurt the flow ofthe story and leaves some key characters and relationships woefullyunder-developed. Having said that, I do think one addition wasbrilliant: the scene with Jean Valjean singing to a sleeping Cosette inthe carriage as they leave the Thenardier's inn. It really gives agreat insight into the change that Jean Valjean goes through and thebond that he forms with Cosette.Enjolras seems shuffled as a minor character, which is too bad as AaronTveit played the part with great passion when given the chance. Eventhough fleeting, Enjolras, Grantaire, and even Gavroche share somemoments in the stage production that allows us to bond with thesecharacters. I felt the movie marginalized each as their own withoutdeveloping a bond between them.Eponine also seemed to be under-developed. I can't quite place it. Theindividual performances were very strong, but "On my own" and "A littlefall of rain" didn't quite have the same emotional impact that Ithought it would. I think it was due to the lack of insight into thedynamic between Marius and Eponine. There was a lot of Eponine watchingMarius fall in love with Cosette from a distance, but only one instancethat I can remember of Marius unknowingly hurting Eponine during theirinteraction. I can think of 3 or 4 such occurrences in the stageproduction and really sympathizing with Eponine each time it happened.Again, subtle differences, but it really detracted from the overallstory for me.Also, I didn't care for Hugh Jackman's rendition of, and Tom Hooper'sdirection of "Bring him home". In the stage production, this song isvery subdued with Jean Valjean singing in beautiful high falsetto whilewatching over a sleeping Marius. There is a beauty to its simpleness,and it is almost like a glimpse into Valjean's mind as he silentlysends a prayer up to God. This movie's interpretations is much more...dynamic. Hugh Jackman delivers with a stronger force as Valjeannervously walks around the 2nd story of a building looking down on asleeping Marius at the barricade. Certainly a very differentinterpretation, and it didn't work for me.One last bit of negative was the casting of Russell Crowe as Javert. Iam a fan of Russell Crowe, and while he is a great fit for the look andpersona of Javert, I just did not feel he fit the vocal demands of thecharacter. It prevented me from empathizing with Javert, my favoritecharacter from the stage production.With as much anticipation as I had going in, I'm afraid it was a bit ofa disappointment. I really wanted to like this, but came away thinkingof what could have been. Certainly a must see for all fans of themusical, but it is a shame that this movie will be the sole judgementof Les Mis for millions of viewers who may never have a chance to seethe stage production.