I don't usually write reviews, but then again, I never really watchmovies adhering to these two criteria: recent and EPIC. Yes, I haven noqualms in admitting outright and unabashedly that this has been one ofthe best movie going experiences for me. (And this is coming fromsomeone who has seen most of the movies here on the IMDb top 250 list).Going into the movie I had no idea of what it was, but since the firstscene (which was amazing, and when I realized that Russel Crowe, one ofmy favorite actors was in it) it had me hooked right up until the lastand this is really something considering the GIGANTIC duration of themovie compared to what we get these days. And it even made me shed afew tears right in the end and it was around this time when I wascompletely sure that this movie was going down as one of the all timeclassics I'll ever see in my life. I've never really had much of ataste for musicals (having turned off half way through Sweeney Todd),but this was something else completely. Intelligent writing and epicsettings and the entire story was brilliant. I'm not familiar with theoriginal piece of literature but I am quite sure that it must have beena helluva of a creation by Victor Hugo if this is what it's celluloidrepresentation looks like. I'm pretty sure whatever money went into themaking of this movie (and it must have been a LOT considering on how itturned out) was well used. Hugh Jackman was inspirational in this.Russell Crowe, although I felt was somewhat of a disappointment (inthat he (in my eyes) fell short in displaying the cruel, ruthless andduty bound leader Javert) still speaks volumes.. I mean, how can amovie be bad when it's weakest character is still ten times better andmore identifiable than the strongest characters we get in your averagerun of the mill movies these days?. As for Anne Hathaway's character,she was a revelation... she completely justified her role and wasabsolutely perfect, I have no doubt that this was the best performanceof her career. Also, I can't leave without speaking about another guyin the movie.... Imagine my surprise when halfway through it, one myfavorite comedy artist turned up.. yeah, that's right... it's SachaBaron Cohen, and boy did he live up to his expectations, he and Helenacompletely provided the comedic relief necessary in this EPIC venture.I really loved how all the other actors too played their parts. I havenothing but praise for the director and the producers, clearly it was ajob well done on the part of the whole team, seeing as how this turnedout. All in all I LOVED this movie and will definitely watch it againand again!. 10/10. Recommended.