I've said many times to friends when I hear about certain projects likeadapting Les Miserables as a musical I'm usually skeptical. Then asoften as not I'm proved wrong and I'm happy to say I was proved wronghere. Les Miserables is far more than a musical, it has the same epicquality that dramatic film versions I've seen, most particularly the1935 film with Fredric March and Charles Laughton. As for the musical score the only show I can compare with this is PorgyAnd Bess, a much simpler story on not so broad a canvass, but stillwith an epic quality. Both Les Miserables and Porgy And Bess slip everso surreptitiously into a category of music some might call opera. Inanother century Les Miserables might very well be labeled an opera.And it's interesting in that the leads are done and well by a pair ofnon-singers Hugh Jackman as Jean Valjean and his tormentor InspectorJavert played by Russell Crowe. Neither are exactly trained voices, butthey get the musical score delivered. Hugh Jackman got an Oscarnomination for Best Actor, the film for Best Picture and a flock ofother nominations for technical categories.And it brought a Best Supporting Actress Award to Anne Hathaway as thetragic Fantine. I always thought Anne was overlooked when she playedJake Gyllenhaal's wife in Brokeback Mountain, that she should have beennominated that year. Nice to see the Academy made it up to her thisyear. The success of Les Miserables on Broadway and in film once again showsthat there is indeed a market for the classics when they'reintelligently made. Besides Anne Hathaway, Les Miserables took homeOscars for Sound and for Makeup. It seems to have an appeal for folksin my age bracket who went to school in the Sixties. The revolutionaryardor of the students fomenting rebellion in the years of OrleanistFrance seems to strike a familiar note with those who marched inprotests. Even so with young people today who like to identify with theyoung of that era in France lost in a cause much bigger than their ownindividual lives are.And I think it will be so in the future.