2017's adventure drama "The Mountain Between Us" (PG-13, 1:43) takesplace mostly in the High Uintas Wilderness (and, yes, I spelled thatcorrectly), where most visitors have very different experiences thanthose in this movie. This officially-designated wilderness area can befound in northeastern Utah ? but unlike the movie's protagonists, mostpeople who go there do so voluntarily. There are hiking trailsthroughout the region, but they're hard to find in a snow storm? andnot very pleasant to navigate without proper equipment. The High Uintasincludes parts of the Ashley National Forest and the Uintas-Wasatch-Cache National Forest, which include deep woods, beautifullakes and tall mountains, sights which people marvel at? that is,unless they think they're going to die up there.Ben Bass and Alex Martin have a problem? and they're about to have awhole bunch of problems. Ben (Golden Globe winner Idris Elba) is aworld-class neurosurgeon from London on his way to Baltimore for anemergency brain operation. Alex (Oscar winner Kate Winslet) is aphotojournalist who is on her way to Denver for her wedding to a guynamed Mark (Dermot Mulroney). Their immediate shared problem is that anincoming storm has led to cancelled flights, leaving Ben and Alexstranded and desperate in the Salt Lake City airport. Alex overhearsBen talking to an airline ticket agent, introduces herself to Ben andoffers to share a possible solution to her problem with him. She hascontacted a private pilot named Walter (Golden Globe winner BeauBridges) who operates a small plane out of the airport and she hasarranged to pay him to fly her to Denver. She lets Ben tag along andsoon enough the four of them (counting Walter's trusty dog) are up, upand away. If only Walter hadn't neglected to file a flight plan, andhadn't flown right towards the fast-moving storm? and hadn't had amedical episode mid-flight.The small plane crashes high in the High Uintas Wilderness. Walter iskilled. His dog survives, however, as do Ben and Alex. Ben has onlyminor injuries, but Alex's leg is badly hurt and she doesn't regainconsciousness for 36 hours. Ben does everything he can to put them in aposition to be rescued and he and Alex put their heads together tofigure out how to survive until then. As the hours turn into days andhope of rescue dims, the two begin to argue about the best course ofaction. Ben believes their best chance is to stay put and wait untilthey are found. Alex believes that their only chance is to try to makeit down the mountain and hike out of the wilderness. She wants to trusther gut. Ben wants to play it safe. Alex has very little chance to makeit on her own, but Ben can't bring herself to leave her and he knowsthat traversing this wilderness with her in tow would slow him down. Asthey work through their disagreements, brave the dangers of beingwithout proper shelter in the winter and alternate between hope andhopelessness, Alex tries to get to know Ben as a person, Ben tries tocontrol a situation that is out of his control and they both strugglewith how to handle their growing feelings towards each other."The Mountain Between Us" is an improbable but engaging story. Adaptingthe 2011 novel of the same name by Charles Martin, screenwriters J.Mills Goodloe ("Everything, Everything", "The Age of Adaline", "TheBest of Me") and (Oscar nominee) Chris Weitz ("Rogue One","Cinderella", "About a Boy") indulge in some far-fetched situations,but give us plenty of action, peril, twists and two characters whodevelop a very strong emotional bond. Israeli director and IndependentSpirit Award winner Hany Abu-Assad (2005's "Paradise Now") gives usbeautiful sights, interesting visuals and paces the film well, butallows the third act to get unnecessarily awkward. Elba and Winsletgive us predictably excellent performances, but they've both beenbetter in other projects. This one works well as a survival story andfairly well as a character study and a romance. It all comes togetherin an entertaining, but unspectacular film. "B"