Watched 'The Mountain Between Us' because the idea for the story was anintriguing one and Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are very talented actorswho have both got great performances under their belts. That itscritical reception was mixed, with many leaning towards the negative,made no difference to me.Seeing 'The Mountain Between Us', it could have been much better. Thepotential was quite vast, there was a good film in 'The MountainBetween Us' somewhere, it was like having lots of snow to begin withthen to find later on that it melts to slush. Is 'The Mountain BetweenUs' an awful film? Not to me it wasn't. Was it great? Again frompersonal opinion it wasn't, nor was it particularly good. It has goodelements sure but the latter stages of the film in particular bring itdown.'The Mountain Between Us' does have notable good things. The scenery isbeautiful and full of atmosphere, a wintry setting in a fight forsurvival film has not in a while been more beautiful or chilling. Thestunning cinematography with some jaw-dropping camera angles impresseseven more and complements the scenery wonderfully, making it even morestriking. The music score is not a necessarily memorable one but thereis a brooding intensity that works well.Considering what they have to work with, both Idris Elba and KateWinslet are very good, he bringing charismatic gravitas and dignity andshe bringing fiery spirit and pathos. They both deserved better butthey really make the most of making things work. The dog is justadorable with very natural and expressive acting, definitely thecharacter that one cares for most. There are some moments of peril thatare done with flair and atmosphere.However, most of the perilous scenes lack suspense and a sense of truedanger with it being too obvious what the outcomes are and some of itin a contrived way. Slow pacing often is not a problem for me, thereare great films to masterpieces that have a slow pace but it worksbecause everything else is executed so well. With 'The Mountain BetweenUs', the pace did drag, severely hurt by the lack of tension, and itdoes feel like the film is 15-20 minutes too long.For the slow pace to not matter, the story needed to be absorbing, theemotions and suspense to be there and the characters to be interestingand developed reasonably (even if they weren't complex). Suspense andtension is pretty much zero, the predictability and far-fetched natureof the storytelling dilutes both, and when it comes to the emotions andsuch the romantic chemistry between Elba and Winslet had more frostbitethan it had warmth, although the individual performances were very goodthe chemistry was too cold and remote.None of the characters, apart from the dog, are interesting or worthinvesting in regardless of the professionalism of the acting. Thecharacters are very flimsily developed, with their stories lacking anyinsight or freshness and instead come over as clichéd and melodramatic.'The Mountain Between Us' particularly loses its way in the final 30minutes which honestly felt like it belonged in another film, none ofit rings true or resonates emotionally and the excessive slush would bemore at home in a film of a Nicholas Sparks book at its schmaltziest.Overall, doesn't have enough to generate much warmth but has enough tonot leave one completely cold. Lukewarm (somewhere in between) is morelike it. 5/10 Bethany Cox