Your plane crashes down in the wilderness and your only hope forsurvival is the passenger sitting next to you. Will you survive?Chances are if "The Mountain Between Us" was your in-flight movie,you're already off to a rocky start. Idris Elba is a surgeon and Kate Winslet is a woman desperate to makeher wedding. When their flight is canceled they both charter a privateplane only to be marooned in the Utah Wilderness after admittedly whatis a heart-stopping plane crash. With very little food and Winslet's leg injured, there's numerousthings that could plague both these people and without question thefirst thirty minutes are the strongest, especially when consideringwildlife hunting for food.Winslet going all Liam Neeson in "The Grey" is interesting on its own. The breathtaking view of the snowy mountain wilderness surrounding themon all sides is something to behold as well and the cinematographycouldn't be any better. Just at one point these two will have to start moving if they want tosurvive and while both are great actors, watching them walk in the snowfor more than an hour feels like we're the ones trapped and in need ofrescue. He's dubbed as the logical one, she is the one wiling to put it all onthe line for survival. Funny how the one dimensional characterizationstheir given are just enough to tell us that one probably won't survivewithout the other. Otherwise their basically in a movie based solely on the worst ofromance novel clichés. You can see her mentally undressing him with hereyes even as she appears to be freezing to death. Later there's acheeseball sex scene in front of a roaring fire. And if that's not enough, the last act seems to be more interested inwhether these two will fall in love than whether or not they survive,which I guess would placate the romance novel fans if by this point themovie had bothered to forge any kind of connection between the twocharacters other than sob stories and minor sob backstory. Plus the last time a survival story involving ice, cheesy romance, andKate Winslet came into play, it did not turn out well for her signicantother so I started to worry for Elba's safety just a bit. Whispers "shelikes to hog things". So I go 5 out of 10. If you guys liked this, check out Craig JamesCapsule Reviews on Youtube for more.