The mountain between us is a movie I had no intention of seeing. Themovie looked like a boring rip off of Cast away that would have aboring and predictable love story. But because of life, I just decidedto watch it with my friend because I have already seen the Lego ninjagomovie and thought that film was mediocre. So when I went to watch thismovie with my Friend and boy oh boy was it interesting. Not interestingin the way you'd think though. The movie was so bad... that its funny.This honestly feels like that type of movie where they tried so hard,they failed on almost every level. From the beginning of the movie weat introduced to our two main characters, and God do they have aterrible chemistry. The story shows that they start to fall in lovewith each other, and has no reason as of why. It's just any othercliché story about a girl who falls in love with guy because he has adramatic backstory, that's it, there's nothing else to theirrelationship. And the acting is so bad. Morris Elba does fine, but KateWinslet makes this movie so much worse. She overreact"s so much, andmakes these dumb obnoxious noises to the point where it becomes moreannoying as it goes along. Even the 50 year old people who were in thetheater with me started to laugh because of all the dumb scenes thismovie has. And let's talk about the editing. It is some of the worstI've seen all year. It cuts at the worst moments and has all of theseweird cuts that just come out of nowhere. And pacing isn't greateither, as scenes in the movie just feel so fast and dull, that younever get to be really invested. The best part of this movie is thecomedy. The characters do so many stupid things that Yourmoviesucks.orgcould just pick them out one by one and point them to you ( Watch hisvideo's on YouTube, there pretty great). And the acting is so bad, itmakes it even better. The only real praise I can give this movie is theway it's shot. The cinematographer behind this did a pretty good job ofmaking some pretty nice shots in a otherwise failure in directing.Overall, if you want to watch this movie, just wait for it to come outon B-Ray and watch it drunk with your Friends, and you might get alaugh out of it like I did.