Storms have zero sympathy, and those left stranded by them revert torash measures. Alex has an aisle to walk down tomorrow, a bridetraveling abroad to capture images for magazines. Ben has an operatingroom to step into tomorrow. Both, a full country away from theirdestinations. The stakes of love and live are tussled by rough weatherthat ground their commercial aircraft taxi.Alex's connections in the photojournalism world lead her to a shadyprivate hanger off of the tarmac. Her eavesdropping on Ben's flightdesk pleading has roped him into this under-the-table fare. Some phonybrand of fate has linked them in this cramped fuselage.The rogue pilot, Walter, has an arrogant charm that makes more promisesthan any one person can keep. A musky air of foreboding fills the cabinand his dog serves as impromptu flight attendant. The homey feel of thetwin turbine bird frees Alex's spirit, but Ben is preoccupied with the10-year-old life that will be in his hands sooner than expected.Disaster cradles the plane and brings it to a premature landing.Casualties are quickly calculated, and now the events of the passengermaybe postponed indefinitely. A surgeon begins to work overtime, and aphotographer starts collecting obituary shots. As diverse of a pairing as possible, Alex and Ben becomerepresentatives of anatomical powers. Ben speaks for the brain and thelogical capacities that studies survival with cold calculation. Alexchampions the heart and the gut instincts that account for intangiblebreaks of fortune. Their perspectives grow more inline as their stomach deplete and theirtemperature plummets. Soon they find peaceful coffins in themselves,and turn to affection to warm their blistered souls. Strangerstransform into confidants, and final amendments spew out over strategiccuddling.Death binds us much more effectively than love. Love only works whenall is well. When existence teeters on a cliff ledge, the nearest soulbecomes your strongest passion. This compassion is cooked with angerand resentment, cooled with finality and surrender. A sensual secret isburied in the mountains and you have to taste death to discover it.