The mighty majestic mountains that line the world. These monolithicdisplays of nature are icons for so many forms of expression such aspoetry, video game stages, and yes even movies. Such symbolism isperfect to craft such an obstruction for heroes to face, all whileteaching valuable lessons. And thus leads me to my next review, on amovie that centers on the immobile giants that watch over the world.The Mountain Between Us is the name of the film and its trailers havecertainly stirred up a storm in the world of reviews. Robbie K herehoping to guide you through the mess to help guide your viewingpleasures. LIKES:The acting: Like the mountains they are stuck in, the lead actors inthis movie are giants themselves, displaying their talents to highlevels. Idris Elba once more blows my mind out how well he executes hisroles. He sells the suffering surgeon well, playing the internalizationwell and the survivalist even more. Kate Winslet as ever brings hercharacter to life, taking the fiery spirit she has within, andunleashing it in a manner that is wild, yet honed as the movieprogresses. The two certainly have the portrayal of suffering down pat(they can really shiver) but on many levels they play well off eachother, especially in the beginning. The Dog: While not the main human actor, the dog is by far thecharacter I cared about the most. This animal, while of course likemany of his canine brethren, was cute to me and impressive in the workit had to do. Trekking through the show, climbing mountains, and avariety of other things the dog certainly caught my eye for much of thescreen. In addition, because I'm a big animal fan, the dog was thecharacter that kept me engaged in the film. Every scene transition, ornew challenge I couldn't help, but think "What happened to the dog."That component is perhaps the biggest hooking element in the movie tokeep you into the film. What is its fate? Can't tell you, you'll haveto watch. The Scenery: While it is no substitute for the real thing, The MountainBetween Us is a great example of stunning camera work. My breath wastaken away by all the panoramic shots of the wilderness from the everexpanding sky in the peaks, to the silent wonder of the forestlittering the valleys below. It brings out the deadly force that mothernature holds and stunned me by the majesty of the visual prowesscameras can pick up. So while it is again not the same thing as hikingthese majestic peaks, it is the next best thing. DISLIKES:Diluted Suspense: If you are like me, the trailers might have youbelieve this was going to be the most suspenseful movie of the year.Unfortunately, I was fooled again. This film has some moments that gotmy anxiety building, but a majority of it is an almost peaceful trekthrough the snow. While they are certainly cold, our character'sjourney through the frozen wastelands lacked many elements to build upthe intensity. Perhaps the lack of a cinematic score, or the fact thatobstacles seemed cleared too easily thanks to convenience, this moviesfrozen fury was almost a little too fragile for me. Or maybe it was theother focus of the movie that downgraded the suspense for me?The Love Theme: Yes, just like the symbolic title suggests, the mainwedge is the character's backstories preventing them from moving to theobvious sign of starting a romance. Much of the film tries to get thetwo to address their rather quick development of passion for oneanother in some rather lackluster ways. I wasn't sold on the romancefor the most part, and the actors themselves didn't seem quite charmedby each other outside of one rather pointless scene. The friendshipfactor at the beginning was much stronger, and would have been theroute I had taken in developing the story. Again, I don't necessarilyhate love, but I would like it better portrayed for my investment. Disproportion: Timing the movie, as good geeks do, it took only 8minutes to get up on the mountain. While I appreciate the fast pace, itgave little time to get to know the characters or at least give them adecent introduction to the madness about to be had. This opening wasrather shallow and quite disappointing in the grand scheme of themovie. Yet it's not quite as bad as the dragged out ending of thisfilm. While not as long as Return of The King, and all its false exits,The Mountain Between Us sort fizzles out in the end. This tangent wasnot necessary, a quick closure to try and tidy up some loose ends of aweaker component of the film. Worst off, the chemistry started tofalter, making this an awkward mess with a rather cheesy, albeitpoetic, ending. Not sure why these last 25 minutes needed to exist, butit could have been better spent in the beginning and end of the movie. The VERDICT:The Mountain Between Us is a beautiful spectacle of what the world canprovide in terms of a stage, certainly blowing my mind on the visuals.Alongside this majestic scenery comes some quality acting and a hookingfactor in the form of the dog. Yet these tools alone couldn't save thismovie from being semi-dull. With the tension dropped to a PG level forsymbolism and awkward love, alongside disproportioned parts, I can'tsay this movie delivered all I wanted. The visuals might be the maintheater worthy component, but this reviewer suggests holding out forRedBox to catch it. My Scores:Action/Adventure/Drama: 6.5 Movie Overall: 5.5