I think we've been pretty spoiled with great survival movies in recentyears. 127 Hours, Gravity, The Revenant, Lone Survivor, or even Mad Maxhave given us a keen sense of a perilous journey with an emotionallysatisfying finale. It seems like we get a great one every year, but TheMountain Between Us just the opposite. It uses the setting and climateto produce cheap drama and dialogue that feels like something out of alifetime movie. With award winning actors in Idris Elba and KateWinslet, it's hard to believe that there's little chemistry between thetwo. But I guess that's what happens when the script is poorlyconstructed.Usually it's beneficial to get to know characters before putting themin a life-threatening position, that way you actually feel for themwhen put in horrific circumstances. One second we're in the airportfollowing Kate Winslet and Idris Elba in the airport as they separatelytry and and book a new flight during a heavy snowstorm, and under 5minutes later, they are on a private plane together fighting throughthe wintry forces. It all just happens way too fast. After seeing theentire film, I'm glad there isn't any more to the runtime, but perhapsif there was more time spent setting the characters up, I could haveenjoyed some of the interplay between them later on.However, as I said before, the dialogue doesn't help the situation atall. When all you have is two actors, a bunch of snow, and a beautifullabrador, there's not a whole lot you can do creatively. Yet, there aremovies that have done more with less. And when you don't have a ton ofchemistry with your leads, your instinct would be as a director to givethe dog some screen time, and the lab certainly gets that. Being a dogperson, and with thinly written characters, I cared way more about thedog's whereabouts than I did whether or not Kate Winslet would drown ina pond of ice. That sounds harsh, but it's true, there's just not a lotof meaningful depth given to Winslet or Elba's characters.Can you guess what may unfold when a man and a woman are strandedtogether for weeks on a mountain top? Yep, eventual romantic feelingsare expressed and it's just as forced as you can imagine. As if iwasn't already disliking the movie at that point, that was the finalnail in the coffin. Really, the only redeemable aspect to this film isthe beautiful labrador making the trek along with the actors, and apretty impressive crash sequence (technically). Other than that, thiswill go down as one of the more forgettable films (that had promise) ofthe last few years. 3.3/10