First of all, this is not a bad movie at all. It demands that you sit,that you enjoy it while it gives enough time to digest what ishappening and the beauty of the intimidating setting. Gorgeouslyphotographed and very well acted by its two leads, we're treated to anold fashioned "survival adventure". Instead of giving us fast and"unbelievable" set pieces, we keep on growing to learn who these peopleare, and that there's a possibility things might go either way. Timegoes on, and things do happen here.Two people meet in an airport, charter a plane, and have some bad luckwhen their pilot is unable to take them to their destination andcrashes high on the mountain, killing one and injuring the other two.Now, it's a matter of survival, and it's very convenient that one ofthe survivors is a doctor. It becomes apparent from the beginning thatthese two strong people will have some friction as they figure out howto stay alive. The electricity they generate keeps them alive as theydiscover ways to overcome some of their obstacles, and soon we start tonotice the chemistry between them.There are thrills in the movie, involving some wild life, the inclementweather, some bad decisions, and some interesting twists along the way.Elba is a quiet and strong type who thinks before he acts and who isdealing with a personal crisis. Winslet is a impulsive type who is notafraid to take chances, but she might facing some impossible odds now.Romance blooms amid all the tragic developments, and it might behopeless because they might not make it after all. Also, there arepeople waiting for these two, and eventually they have to face realityagain.The last third of the film is as old fashioned as a movie has been inthe last decade, and this is where one can see how powerful a goodcouple of actors can be. Elba is definitely a leading man, and we knowKate is one of the most reliable actresses out there. Take a chance andspend a couple of hours appreciating a good film that might not becompletely original but easily outpaces many of the unsatisfying fareout there.