Casting a dog in a movie is risky; it can steal or wreck the show andsometimes do both. The survival-romance film The Mountain Between Us(2017) is a two-hander supported by a lovable golden Labrador named'Dog'. Audiences are immune to human tragedy, but life and death istaken more seriously when a pooch is cast in a disaster film to theextent that the movie's publicity had to assure viewers that the dog isneither killed nor eaten.It's a simple tale without real surprises. Neurosurgeon Ben Bass (IdrisElba) and photojournalist Alex Martin (Kate Winslet) meet when theirflights are cancelled due to bad weather. She is getting married thenext day and he has an urgent operation to perform, so they decide torisk the storm and take a charter flight. When the pilot has a stroke,the inevitable happens and they are stranded on a snowy mountainwithout communications or hope of being found. With no food, there isonly one option left: Ben, Alex, and Dog set off to find civilisation.So how does the dog wreck the show? The film faces several plausibilityand acting challenges that are adversely aided and abetted by Dog. Thescript and its delivery has an Alpine soap opera quality to it, withneither Elba or Winslet able to step out of their 'all-wise strongdoctor' and the 'injured helpless female' stereotypes. Elba does a lotof intensive furrowing of those deep dark eyebrows which signals aneurosurgeon processing god-like knowledge and Winslet does a passablejob of determined dependency. The simmering bond between them barelyrises in temperature so all we are left to emotionally connect with isDog. To make matters worse, whenever danger approaches we think of themost vulnerable first, and that's Dog.However, the real flaw is the glaringly obvious contrast between thecouple, who are surviving on a few almonds a day after weeks ofsnowbound trekking, and the dog's playful prancing through snow as iflet out of the house after a big meal. The cold truth is that Dog ishopeless at pretending to be exhausted and the co-stars are not muchbetter. Winslet's makeup and good looks improve the more she treks andthe less she eats, and Elba's handsome beard stubble stays trim overweeks of hard slog with the only signs of exhaustion their breathlesspanting and slow-motion movement. As it becomes increasingly difficultto take this film seriously, a cabin appears with all home comfortsplus two cans of soup. That's when the film falls into a hole that noteven Dog can save.To be fair, the cinematography is outstanding, the mountain scenery ispost-card beautiful, and even the digital effects are believable if yousquint your eyes at the right time. The melodrama finds new heights inthe final quarter when the simmering romance finally bubbles over intoa glorious cliché that is mercifully brought to an end by the closingcredits.