The Mountain Between Us is a film that expects its audience to view adynamic story of human endurance. However, this film fails to captureany sense of attachment, or connection. Instead, it portrays a sappycliché experience of two mismatched individuals placed in dire straitswho end up finding "love" among dangers and personal distinctions oftheir circumstance.The film starts by introducing Idris Elba and Kate Winslet as desperateindividuals who seek to get to their destination; no matter the cost.The irrationality of Winslet's character, and the easily obliged IdrisElba, leaves the viewers rather annoyed. This is the beginning of wherethe difficultly to empathize with these characters and their periloussituation.After boarding a small private plane during a severe storm with onlythe pilot, a dog, Alex (Kate Winslet) and Ben (Idris Elba), naturallythings start to go wrong. After crashing into a mountain top in themiddle of the Rockies, the pilot is no longer alive and the plane isdestroyed, luckily the dog survived. The two characters face isolation,hunger, dehydration, exhaustion and even a cougar. However, Winslet andElba work well to manage their roles and turn this banal script intosomething bearable.The Mountain Between Us, uses the capturing scenery to its benefit.While the script and plot can be hard to bear, the cinematographycreates a spectacular setting. Accompanying the beautiful shots, thescore attempts to go in hand to soar through the characters variousemotions, however, this is where the success stops. The non-diegeticsound failed to grip the audience, it lacked purpose and failed to playany role of importance in the film.Winslet is an academy award winning actress, and Elba is verysuccessful in putting on a fantastic performance, however it is not theactors who fail this film, it is the barren script that betrays them.The script does not allow any chemistry to flow between the two, and noamounts of forced intimacy can shade that fact. The repetitiveness ofthe plot was draining, Alex always playing the damsel, and the Dr Benalways the rescuer- this quickly became old and uninteresting.The direction was poor and unsatisfying. The trailer depicted thatthroughout the film the audience would be sweating on the edge of theirseat, however, the film itself contained at most 3 moments of suspense,followed by a peaceful trek through the snow. As a result, the supposedtime line of 3 weeks, felt more like 2 days, the only indicatorotherwise was the sudden disappearance of Winslet's bruising, there wasbarely any character development, and to accompany this, barely anychemistry growth. This is where it was obvious the director was tryingto force romance.In the last act of the film, the director seemed to focus on whetherBen and Alex would fall in love rather than whether they would survive.Which I guess would placate the romance novel fans, if by this pointthe film had bothered to forge any kind of connection between the two,other than sob stories, and difficult pasts. This sudden change ingenre leaves the audience rather confused. If there had been signs ofchemistry earlier on, then this may have worked, however, the intimatescene felt it was only used to force chemistry and was otherwise it wasunnecessary. Unfortunately, because of this, their survival of the 3weeks in the mountains became extremely dissatisfying.When the film comes to its conclusion, the plot suddenly slows down andtakes more than 25 minutes to try and weave in an ending. This last actis significantly dragged on, cliché and frankly unnecessary. The dogmanaged to survive, and through the whole journey the 3 experienced,Ben fails to give the dog a name, leaving that specific character assuch, to feel unimportant to the story.Overall, this film is very poor. Kate Winslet and Idris Elba are thesaving grace with what they try and achieve with poor scripting. Thecinematography leaves the audience in awe, and of course the role ofthe dog was primarily for an enjoyable hook to drag the viewers awayfrom the lacking story line and boring script. Otherwise theaction/drama which suddenly transformed into a sappy romance, was dulland tedious. The love story in the last 2 acts of the film wasfrustrating and cliché, and barely enjoyable or satisfying. The filmfor me is a 4/10. Purely for the gripping dog, the mediocre acting witha poor script, and the beautiful cinematography.