Shop assistant, impending college graduate, cutie and improbable virginAnastasia encounters hot millionaire businessman and adopted sexualscrew-up Christian, and there is an immediate attraction between them.The relationship develops and Christian, having tenderly and intimatelyrelieved Anastasia of her virginity, makes it clear that his interestlies in S&M (and, more specifically, domination/submission) with nointimacy or tenderness. Anatasia umms and ahs and tries it out a bit,and the film ends with a crisis, all set up for part 2.I am male, English, and 62. The books (which I have not read) were notaimed at me, and neither is this film. Nevertheless, I will approach itas objectively as I can.The reproductive urge and underlying sex drive is a major motivation inthe animal kingdom, not least for humans. Being blessed (or cursed)with rational thought, humans can cross-pollinate their sex drives withall sorts of extraneous elements: societal taboos, personal moralities,fetishes, perversions and the like. It is undeniable that the book fromwhich this film derives tapped into something which made it aphenomenon in a particular niche market (primarily respectablewhitebread middle class women). I suggest that it tapped into some sortof vicarious wish-fulfilment area, giving the frisson of the sexualdeviation/s depicted without the actual risk or pain involved.This is a difficult thing to convey in a film, especially one whichfinds itself hidebound by the practical problems which face this movie.On one hand, it knows that it is intended to appeal to the niche marketwhich purchased the book in truckloads. On the other, it desperatelywants to have mass-market appeal. Despite the film's undeniable glossycoating, this latter quest is tied together at the ankles by the factthat making a romance predicated on tieing someone up and hitting themvery hard is fundamentally unappealing unless you are already convertedto that particular cause. The camera slowly makes its way down nakedbodies in sensuous close-up ? very nice - following which there is abit of bondage and a bit of flagellation, and I go "OK, you just lostme." There seems to be far more time devoted to the rules,non-disclosure agreements and contracts involved with Christian'slittle foible than on the little foible itself. And there is aninteresting story to be told about two people, each of whom is intenton changing the other against their will, a story touched on but notexplored.Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan look very attractive both in and out oftheir clothing, and they both work hard, but I didn't find eithercharacter very believable, and the relationship between them even lessso. Miss Johnson has a dusting of pubic hair which the cameraconstantly shies away from for some reason, and Mr Dornan's todger is,famously, not on display. For a film which depends for its appeal onsexually frank subject matter, it is astonishingly coy about it and,consequently, not very convincing. Above everything else, it is hugelyunerotic.There is a saying in the north of England ? "Neither nowt nor summat"(translates as "Neither nothing nor something.") Fifty Shades Of Greyis a prime example of what that expression means.