That was, without a doubt, one of the WORST movies I have ever seen inmy life. There was so much wrong with this movie I can't even begin todescribe it. The pacing was terrible, the characters werehorrendous,the overall feel of the movie was just off putting, andevery word that crept out of Christian Grey's mouth sounded like hewanted to rape the viewer. I felt personally attacked by that derangedpsychopath with a tie fetish. Let's jump right into the overall problemwith the movie: it's based off of Twilight. Twilight was a horriblebook series, an even worse movie series, and the inspiration for ahorrible fan fiction that led to a horrible book series and an evenworse movie series. But what I mean is... it was a little too much likeTwilight. Like the way the movie was presented made the entire firstact seem like an aged-up version of Twilight with all the terriblescenes from the movie. 1) A horrible introduction to the love interestthat has the bulk of the signs that they will be together being themstaring at each other. 2) The man lead is a selfish and creepy ass. 3)A parking lot scene that shows that the main character is unlikablewhen she blows off the better guy/friend for something else. 4) Lots ofawkward dialogue between the main characters. 5) No explanation as towhy we should give two shits about these people. 6) Jumping WAY toofast into the "romance". Those are just the ones off the top of myhead. Now let's talk about the main problem I see with this movie:THERE IS NO REASON WHY PEOPLE SHOULD FIND Christian GREY TO BE ASEDUCTIVE CHARACTER THAT DRIPS WITH SEX APPEAL. He sounds like he'sgoing to rape Anastasia for half the movie by the way he talks and hedoes some extremely questionable actions through the entire movie thatbegs the question? Why? Why does a man who takes physical and mentalabuse as a turn on deserve to be the man millions of middle aged womenlust after? Fabio did that for years but he never seemed rapey when hedid it. Christian Grey is one of the most backward characters that hasever cursed the big screen. Oh, and let's not forget all the crimes hecommitted in this movie. I counted TEN by the end of the movie, butthose were just the ones I saw and identified. Let's name some now! 2counts of kidnapping 1 count of grand theft auto 1 count of selling astolen good At least 3 counts of stalking At least 2 counts of domesticabuse And my personal favorite? 1 count of rape. Yes myfriends.Christian Grey, the man who brought happiness to millions ofwomen throughout America, is a rapist. They even talk about it in thebook, but as far as I know they never mention rape (I haven't read thebooks as I am not wasting my time reading that trash.) Alcohol is aweapon in rape cases and he sure brought the drink out many times whenshe was there. The writing was also atrocious. Some of thoseAna/Christian conversations had me in tears over how terrible theywere. It's mostly in the second and third acts if you want to look foryourself. It's like they went from being a "rapist talking to a teenagegirl" to "horribly written rich male talking to dumb as a rock woman"in a few minutes. Anastasia is truly the dumbest character I have everseen in a movie. CALL THE POLICE. HE IS MANIPULATING AND ABUSING YOU. Iknow most women are afraid to do this in abusive relationships, but inthis case this is the only option. He stalks her everywhere she goes,he has people watching her all the time and more people keeping herfriends away from her, he has kidnapped her many times when she coulddo nothing to stop him. He is a danger to her health and wellbeing andif she had any cells left in that 4.0 GPA brain, she'd stand up forherself and contact the authorities. THEN she would hire the best teamof lawyers she can and sue that prick for every cent he has. Did sheconsent to most of the sex? Yes she did. Does she have grounds to suethe pants off that psycho? Absolutely. Look at the list of crimes hecommitted and see how much she can get him for: He beat her with abelt. (abuse) He stole her car and sold it (GTA and then sold said car)Stalked her to places when he was not needed/wanted (Georgia and thebar) Kidnapping (She was drunk and he took her to the hotel ANDundressed her and slept beside her. Who knows what he did or could havedone? AND she was asleep and he said he'd take her home but insteadtook her to the middle of the forest. There's a few red flags.) Usedalcohol to get her to consent to sex due to lessened inhibitions (RAPE)Those issues aside, it was just a boring and stupid movie. The mostcomedy we get is Anastasia trying to figure out what buttplugs are andsome fisting jokes. Overall, just a dumb movie with a lot of nudity andsome sex scenes. Over-hyped, stupid, boring, and extremelyuncomfortable to watch. VERDICT: 1/10 because I can't go any lower...