Seldom has an R-rated movie arrived in theaters with more pre-releasehype, anticipation ? and misunderstanding ? than "Fifty Shades of Grey"(R, 2:05). What is billed and understood (at least by those who haven'tread British author E. L. James' novel) as simply a story of a youngwoman being introduced to one man's sexual fetishes is much more ? andmuch deeper ? than one might expect. Nevertheless, the nudity, sex, anderoticism are on full display throughout the movie. This film, the bookon which it is based, and this review are not for the faint-of-heart orthe easily offended.Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson, daughter of Melanie Griffith and DonJohnson) is an attractive and intelligent college senior in WashingtonState who fills in for her sick roommate, Kate (Eloise Mumford) ininterviewing billionaire business magnate Christian Grey (Jamie Dornan)for the college newspaper. Anastasia (Ana to her friends, except toChristian, who consistently uses her full first name) gets flustered inthe presence of this young, sophisticated, supremely-confident andmysterious man. For his part, Christian is quite taken with Ana ? andtake her is what he soon decides he wants to do. He shows up at thehardware store where she works, takes her out to coffee and even comesto "rescue" her when she drunk dials him from a bar. Despite howobvious it is to the main characters and to the audience that these twoare very, very different ? and despite the title character's ownconflicted resistance ? these two twenty-somethings cannot resist eachother.In most love stories, after setting up the situation like I did in thatlast paragraph, I'd say "romance blooms" (or something to that effect),but Christian very clearly states, "I don't do romance." That doesn'tstop Ana from being drawn to this man and wondering about the "variousphysical pursuits" he says he likes and his "singular" tastes, as hedescribes them. As Ana discovers more about the cipher that isChristian, she learns that he is wounded ? both emotionally andphysically ? by his childhood. She seems to want to comfort this manwho acts as if he needs no comforting and begins to love this man whotells her that he is only interested in her for sex.Being the woman in Christian Grey's life means submitting completely ?sexually and otherwise ? to his whims. As he eases her towards anunderstanding and acceptance of his lifestyle, she has to sign anon-disclosure agreement, he convinces her to have sex (actually "f---hard", as he describes it) and then shows her his "playroom." Thisusually locked room is painted dark red, has a bed and is filled withvarious restraining devices and implements of sadomasochistic sex play.Ana is shocked, but not necessarily repulsed. She's? curious.Christian presents her his thick contract which describes Ana'sprospective role as his submissive. He urges her to read the contract,educate herself on being a submissive and "keep an open mind." She doesall that, while Christian waits impatiently for Ana to make a decision.What follows is a complicated dance in which both parties kidthemselves about how it's going. He seems confident that she's warmingto the idea of being his sex slave and she is convincing herself thathe is becoming boyfriend material. Ana does draw closer to Christian'sworld in fits and starts and Christian seems to be working harder todraw Ana in than he has probably ever worked before. No spoilers here,but eventually the true nature of each character does come out and thefilm ends with two words that carry more emotion than any six syllablesI can remember hearing in any movie in a very long time.A given audience member's reaction to this movie will likely beinfluenced by how she or he feels about Christian's lifestyle, butevaluating this film solely on those criteria misses the point. Yes,the nudity and sex are enticing and anyone paying to see this movie forthose scenes will be more than satisfied, but you'll get more thaneroticism for your money. Much like "Boogie Nights", director PaulThomas Anderson's engrossing 1997 meditation on the 70s porn industry,this film is an examination of human relationships. "Fifty Shades ofGrey" is a love story, a parable of male and female emotional andsexual roles in the 21st century and an exploration of a lifestylewhich many people know very little about, but very few know much.Basically, this is simply an entertaining movie. Casting little-knownactors in the main roles is very effective and both show more emotionalrange than I expected from simply watching the movie's theatricaltrailer. Director Sam Taylor-Johnson paces the movie well and sheskillfully balances the film's salacious nature with its deepermeanings. "B+"