The version I saw was via a pirate copy marked "CENSORED" whichprobably means most of the explicit shots in the sex scenes have beencut out . . I thought I had to mention this due to covering my back .Apparently a lot of people have been watching this film for the dubiousand much hyped reason that this film is supposed to be the greatestaphrodisiac ever recorded in human history . Indeed I almost fell outof my seat reading a report in the Scottish Daily Record that a womanin her thirties had been arrested in a Glasgow cinema for "pleasuringherself" ! Hold your horses guys because the paper didn't print a photoof the woman in question due to sub-judicial law so hoping she's goingto pop back to the cinema for a repeat performance while she sitsbeside you is a little bit premature , she could have been a Gorgon forall we know . But I suppose 50 SHADES has something in its favour ifaudience members are going to risk 5 years on the sex offendersregister watching it in public . I do hope the uncensored sex scenesare worth it because if the censored version is anything to go by thatwoman in the Glasgow cinema might have been pleasuring herself in orderto stay awake The story itself is very one note . Unconfident virgin undergraduateAna Steele embarks on a sexual relationship with 27 year oldmulti-billionaire Christian Grey . There's some strange casting goingon here . Dakota Johnson as Ana really overplays the shy innocentvirgin routine in the early part of the film and Jamie Doran neverconvinces as Grey . "I don't do romance and I'm singular" states Grey .How about "I don't do acting and I have a single expression on my facethroughout the entire movie" Jamie ? Maybe if Grey was played bysomeone like a younger Christian Bale who can do a convincing turn as amanly Byronic anti-hero which is the casting that Grey calls for . Thecharacters as played here just do not convince but to be fair toJohnson and Doran it's every aspect of the entire film that's theproblem . It's directed by Sam Taylor Johnson who gives the entire misen scene the look of a TVM on the Hallmark Channel complete withirritating incidental muzak playing over scenes . The source novel isprobably complete garbage and if it is screenwriter Kelly Marcel hasn'timproved it . Take this brief snippet of dialogue as Grey is just aboutintroduce Ana to his S&M den "This is my playroom" states Grey "You have an X-box in there ?" Ana asks in all seriousness I know she's supposed to be an innocent virgin but would any youngwoman be that naïve ? My shopping list has as much chance for beingnominated for an Oscar as this film does . Honestly I know sex sellsbut there's good sex and bad sex and in cinematic terms this really isbad sex and couldn't get much worse unless a self pleasuring Gorgon wassitting in the cinema seat beside you