Fifty Shades of Grey (2015) ** (out of 4) Rather silly adaptation of the E.L. James best-seller about a shy,timid virgin (Dakota Johnson) who meets the elusive billionaireChristian Grey (Jamie Doman) and soon both of their lives change.Writing a plot synopsis of this thing is pretty pointless since I'msure the target audience is already going to know the story. I guessthis is where I should admit that I haven't read the book so thisreview won't be comparing the two or complaining about what the moviedid or didn't do from the book. No, this review is just going to bebased around the actual movie and for the life of me I can't see whatall the hype is about. I don't expect everyone laying their money downto be some sort of film buff but the "shocking" material on displayhere has been going on in European movies for four-plus decades so whyit's just now reaching American shores is pretty funny in itself butthat's off subject I guess.As for the film, there are all sorts of major issues with it but we canstart with the laughable screenplay, which would have been rejected bythe Lifetime channel and in fact, I'm going to guess that it would havebeen rejected has a five-year-old written it. The dialogue is withoutquestion some of the most laughable I've heard in a very long time. Infact, the movie seems to be lost in what decade it is because there aretimes that the "F" word is used and it's used in a way to where it'ssupposed to be shocking. Really? It's going to take more than that. Theentire character development between the two lead characters is anotherjoke and after a while you really can't buy into any of the melodramaand you've just got to sit back and laugh.The performances are another problem but then again, even the likes ofMarlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor couldn't work with horrid materialso I'm not going to be too harsh on Johnson and Doman. With that said,the lackluster direction by Sam Taylor-Johnson doesn't help either asthere are many times where another take should have happened. Thescenes with Johnson playing the shy girl just aren't very believablebecause the actress can't sell it. The scenes of her explaining she's avirgin are laughably bad. Doman really doesn't get much to work withand especially since he can't crack a smile and has to give off dumb,overly-serious facial expressions throughout. I will say that theactors have a nice chemistry together but that's about it. Thesupporting players are all equally forgettable.Yet another problem is that the film just isn't erotic. FATALATTRACTION, BASIC INSTINCT and even something as silly as BODY OFEVIDENCE are just a few recent films that packed a lot more punch thanthis one. I mean, is sticking an eraser around your lips really eroticanymore? A lot of the lack of erotic-ness has to be blamed on thedirector who just seems to have been the wrong fit for the material.Nothing from the erotic nature to the serious stuff works andeverything is poorly edited.So, why the two-stars for all the negative stuff? As bad as the filmis, thankfully it reaches the level to where you can't help but laughand be mildly entertained as to what's going to happen next. Again, Ihaven't read the book so I don't know which one is better but the filmis pretty flat from start to finish.