As a fan of the books, I have been looking forward to this film for awhile. Yes, the books are flawed, God forbid anyone should be allowedto enjoy a book that is easy to read, about a gorgeous, unattainable,flawed Billionaire and a seemingly submissive brunette who manages totame him. Forget the sex, it is repetitive. Every woman wants to be thewoman who changes a man & makes him settle down. So the film...wellmaybe my hopes were too high. However, Johnson & Dornan do havechemistry. It's funny, perhaps even when it shouldn't have been, butthere is an element of comedy to the book, so thumbs up on that one.The problem lies with the lack of detail. The first book is thin onplot really. It's all about will she sign the contract? No? How about aweeks free trial of life as a Christian Grey Submissive? Hmmm, yesplease! Now will you sign? Er no. The End. The book is written fromAna's point of view & is composed of a lot of her inner monologue,which may not have won the book critics over, but is essential to theplot. This isn't in the film & it suffers for it. It's too rushed &unless you have read the books or are really easily pleased, you'llstruggle to root for this relationship, as you can't quite see why shefancies him (despite the obvious), let alone falls in love with him. Itneeded another half an hour to put some important parts in from thebook. Where was the interview with Jack Hyde, setting the scene forFilm 2? Where was a proper meal with Christian ordering her to eat; weneeded to see more of his issues. The belt scene was great but theending, which nearly made me shed a tear in the book, was cut shortwith barely a whimper from the leads or the audience. More sex sceneswouldn't have been beneficial, it's a LOVE story, not a porno flick.Dornan seemed uncomfortable with some of the more 'honest' statementsChristian declares: "I don't make love, I f**k hard" If you lookcarefully, you can see him cringing, as was I. In the book, it's quitehot. In reality...well perhaps some things are better left in betweenthe covers of the book. If you love the book, you'll enjoy the film. Iwish I had read no reviews prior to seeing it, as I feel I went intothe cinema looking to pick holes. I will go back and see it again, morerelaxed & knowing what to expect. It doesn't deserve the slamming it'sgetting from critics. Dornan is a talent & Johnson is exactly theAnastasia I imagined. It's too long a book for every detail to beincluded and that's always going to be a problem with book adaptations,but vital plots & character depictions were left out. The next filmscript needs serious consideration. Less art, more true to the book.It's a romance with kinky sex, not an abusive relationship. Christianmay be rich and experienced, but Ana has the power in thisrelationship. Those who say otherwise, do not 'get' this series & wouldbe well advised to steer clear.