As an active member of BDSM community, and having been a part of it forsix years, I am appalled by the 'blockbluster romantic movie' thateveryone deems to be 'romantic'. You take a Mary Sue - also known asDakota Johnson to whom lacks the ability to a) bite her lower lip in a'sexual' manner', let alone say her lines as if she's been acting forseveral years ( lets be honest here, she cannot act ) / Gary Sue - seenas the bearded wonder that was Jamie Dornan, a married man outside ofhis acting career with a child - situation that holds no evidence ofsexual tension. The inability to further deepen the bond between Dominate andsubmissive was, how does one say it, horrible in effort. What appearedto be every 'womans' dream man became a man known for raping a womanpurely because of his night terrors, a man to whom devoted taking theidea of BDSM and creating abuse rather than listening and allowing forsomeone - mind you, who had no sexual ID or preference until meetinghim - who was about as 'vanilla' as the ice cream itself, to study andlook at the idea of BDSM. To those whom have taken the books route andventured into the dark abyss that is Wikipedia to figure out what BDSMis, needs to be caned. The author, herself, takes an already published series turned movie,and makes it into her own idea. A 26 year old billionaire? Unlikely inthis day and age with the way the economy is. A college student with arather unnerving need to say 'oh my' every other second? Really? IsTHIS what writing as the point of view of a woman has come down to? Itseems like, although we argue against it, and we say that we don'tcondone it, that the women whom have read this book, have seen thismovie, will and have ignored that there is rape, non consensual sex,and heavy amounts of verbal and emotional abuse. Who really wants a manwho is going to control their eating habits, sleep schedule and more?Certainly not I. To be frank, everyone knows this movie is going to gross millions uponits release; why? Because everyone is all hyped up to see a movie withlittle to no chemistry, to find that the 'unusual behavior' is justanother way of life. We magnify all the little things in the world thatwe've yet to uncover, but BDSM should never be something in the movies,should never be written; especially by women in their 'mid life crisis'age with no idea what the sensation of a crop lashing at skin feelslike.If you want good BDSM, or to understand it, there are people willing todiscuss it, websites you can go on - although extremely sexual innature - to figure out what true BDSM looks like, what it sounds like.When this book was written, it was evident that EL James did not do herown 'research'.All in all, it's a movie with no plot, with no true build to it withhorribly written characters and nothing more. So why spend nearly goodmoney seeing this sad mistake when you can spend that money on gettingsomething to eat and staying inside? Complete and total thumbs down tothe movie, the book, the series, and to the author.