So my girlfriend and I were invited by a group of colleagues (allfemale) to see this movie. I didn't know anything about it, except thetrailer and I was intrigued, I was anxious to see it. My excitement wasover as soon as my (male) colleagues heard I'm going to see it. Theystarted to laugh that I'm actually going to see such a piece ofgarbage, I was called both a hero and gay. I didn't think much of ituntil I read all the reviews on IMDb hours before seeing the movie, andthat's when I started to have second thoughts about it, seeing howpeople reviewed this movie.I'm really sorry this movie has such horrible reviews, it deserves muchbetter. True, there's no complicated script, no fancy acting, nooriginal lines, no adorable love story but maybe we're expecting thewrong things from this movie because it's considered as a romance and Ireally think it's not. It has nothing to do with romance, it is in factabout two different desires and passions and yet completely the sameonce you boil them down, two sides of a coin, if you will. It's about aman who has a different sexual desire than most men, who was abused asa child and is now quite proud of what he has become and sees nothingwrong with it... until he meets Anastasia, the only woman who managesto crack his fortress and even though she wants to please her master,she also wants her master to bend down to her desires and needs. Oncethis is clear, the movie becomes an intriguing roller-coaster ofemotions, decisions, psychological struggle and compromises for bothpartners who both love each other and want each other and yet... can'tfind a common ground because none of them want to completely give in.How come the majority can't relate to that, is beyond me...I will surely watch this one again, maybe I will understand whyeverybody is giving this movie such a bad review. One thing is prettyclear: males just don't get this movie and that's the majority, I wouldbet it's the same majority of men that complain all their life abouthow women are soooo complicated and nobody can understand them. If youask me, if you don't get this movie, you don't get women, or a goodmajority of them. I read many guys writing stuff like "do womenactually go for that stuff, do they actually want to be abused andraped?" Well, you're probably the kind of guy who thinks he's awesomein bed, has the biggest penis and his women is satisfied after every 2minutes of humping and then falling asleep, well... that's why womenenjoy this movie, but we act all shocked about it. The fact that overone hundred young women around me in the cinema were giggling at everysexual dominant scene, proves my point and it also proves that they aremissing something, but I guess to you they are just dumb. There wasalso the biggest crowd (of around 95% young women) I ever saw queue upin front of a cinema.And what's with all the hypocrisy ? you call this an anti-feministmovie after you call it's female audience dumb for watching it ?nice... You complain about the fact that it's abusive and "oh my god,how degrading to women", and yet... you rejoice at every action movieor thriller where a mad man is actually beating and raping or torturingwomen and girls ? how are those any better ? just because the focus ison the hero and how he saves the day, makes it less disturbing ? Howabout "12 years a slave" ? that wasn't abusive and degrading at allright ? no, it's an extraordinary piece of cinematography... right.Finally, I don't get all these complaints that it's abusive, itpromotes anti-feminism, sexual molestation and rape... how can youpeople come up with such ideas ? Both partners in the movie agreed andwanted it, how does that make it rape ? If Anastasia is down with itand doesn't see it as rape, who are you to tell her she's wrong tothink that ? And why all the complaints about this not being BDSM ? whosaid it should be ? it's not a documentary, it's about the sexualdesire of a young man who was abused as a child, it might be twisted inyour eyes, but as long as his partner is OK with it, then it's none ofyour business. How exactly is it abuse and rape if Anastasia wanted itand asked for it specifically ? And you're seriously calling this aporn movie ? I have seen comedy movies with famous actors beinginvolved in more pornographic scenes, but somehow, we think nothingwrong of those movies. By the way, have any of you ever seen a "true"BDSM movie ? now THAT'S abuse and twisted! This movie is like a kiss inthe park compared to some of the BDSM movies out there.