This film is one of those rare instances where a novel (by JoJo Moyes)is adapted for the screen by the novelist and finds a sensitivedirector such as Thea Sharrock and the result is a story that couldhave been sanguine but instead is an enriching emotional journey. Todiscover this film among all the crime and killing and morbid vampireor other undead creatures stories and overblown CGI comic book/fairytale adventures is a breath of fresh air.The story takes place in England and in a very subtle way shares aninsight between the wealthy and the poor ? emphasizing that richness istruly in the spirit rather than the bank account. Lou Clark (EmiliaClarke) knows lots of things. She knows how many footsteps there arebetween the bus stop and home. She knows she likes working in TheButtered Bun tea shop and she knows she might not love her long-termboyfriend Patrick (Matthew Lewis). Her family (Brendan Coyle, JennaColeman, Samantha Spiro and Alan Breck) needs money and insist Lou seekemployment when Lou loses her job: it is out of pure fortitude that shefinds one - as caretaker of a young wealthy quadriplegic ? a job thatultimately keeps her sane. Will Traynor (excellent Sam Claflin) knowshis motorcycle accident took away his desire to live. He is supportedby his male nurse Nathan (the superb Stephen Peacocke) as well as hisloving parents (Janet McTeer and Charles Dance). He knows everythingfeels very small and rather joyless now and he knows exactly how he'sgoing to put a stop to that ? a planned death after fulfilling hisparent's plea for a six month reprise. What Will doesn't know is thatLou is about to burst into his world in a riot of color. And neither ofthem knows they're going to change each other for all time until Louconcocts a bucket list of events that brings light into her life aswell as joy into Will's final days.Without becoming morbid, the interplay between Lou and Will is atransformation and due to the splendid script and sensitive directionand a cast of superb actors in every part this little film makes alasting impression, restoring our faith in what friendship and love canachieve. In short, this is a brilliant little film worthy of at leastone watching- if not multiple! Highly recommended.