Felt very derivative of Intouchables I did however really enjoy theromance that was in this film.Emilia Clark has the most expressive face I have ever seen on camera.Watch her eyebrows! That's all I have to say. You could almost watchthis entire movie just staring at her eyebrows? I had a hard time notdoing that.I really enjoyed her character. She is a silly, eccentric, perpetuallyhappy girl. With a pretty eclectic sense of style.Emilia Clarke was perfectly cast for this role.She ventures far from her intense power house character the Mother ofDragons from Game of Thrones.At times it was hard to tell if Emilia Clarke the actress is justextremely expressive with her face, or if it was something she wasdoing for the role? which I suppose speaks to how well she did.Because I'm thinking she was exaggerating it, therefore she played thepart marvellously.The male lead is Sam Claflin, who you will more than likely recognizebut not be able to place. His largest role as of late is the waterproficient fighter from the Hunger Games.I also feel he played the part very well. No complaints, He has a greatsmile, or smirk, that he does through out, which allows us to empathizewith him a little more when he seeming unlikable.There are a lot of light moments, actually the whole movie has a verylight tone to it? it's a serious topic, but with Clarke's characterit's hard for anything to be too serious or solemn. There are thosesombre moments, which is, I'm sure, why I was given a tissue box at theadvance screening.There were only a few editing aspects I didn't enjoy. There were fartoo many cuts in certain scenes? Emilia walking up to the mansion forthe first time and her conversation on the bench with her boyfriend.They were distracting. This was sprinkled throughout the film togreater or lesser degrees.I think the film looked pretty, great locations. And a wonderful set,really. The house Claflin's character lives in looks very nice. I lovedall the walls that opened when pushed on. Very modern, and expensiveI'm sure.There is a little treat for any Harry Potter fans! Neville Longbottom,all grown up and looking fit, he plays the part of Emilia Clarke'sboyfriend. I hope to see him in more roles, maybe even a lead one day.As for family friendliness, this movie is a G, it is good to go. In theopening scene Claflin is presumably being intimate with his girlfriend,they are obviously naked, but nothing is shown, they are under sheets.There is no cursing or obscenities in this movie worth mentioning.