Last night myself and my mom decided to go to the cinemas to see thenew movie Me Before You. Me Before You is a novel turned movie starringEmillia Clarke and Sam Claffin and tells the tale of a young man namedWill Trainer(Claffin)who has it all. His got a nice flat and a nicegirlfriend,until one rainy afternoon his life would change forever ashe ends up being paralyzed from the neck down and is confined in awheelchair thanks to being hit with a motorbike. We later cut to ayoung woman named Lou Clark(Emillia Clarke)who is living with herparents and her sister and has an athletic boyfriend namedPatrick(played by Matthew Lewis from Harry Potter fame). She's workingin a coffee shop only to be told from her boss that its not working forhim to keep her on in his coffee shop. So with no money to help her getthrough her life she goes to a job centre where she is looking for ajob. Turns out this well off couple wants help with their son(whohappens to be Will of course)and Lou decides to take up the position asa Career for Will.And from here on in you can pretty much expect whatis going to happen. The two don't get along,they later start to becomefriendly with one another,and of course they fall in love. But will heget help with being confined to a wheelchair or will he decide to endhis life ?Also starring Brax himself former Home & Away star Steven Peacocke asNathan(the assistant nurse that helps Lou with Will and a brief cameofrom Joanna Lumely,this touching romantic drama will leave you eitherlaughing and crying or both. For mom and myself we both found this film very good. The acting isvery good I liked the guy that played the young man Will he reminded meof James Marsden for some strange odd reason and him and Emilla Clarkehad great chemistry. The music was very good and as for the ending,well I won't give away too much on the ending but I knew that it wasgoing to happen about the 2nd half into this flick and trust me youwill want Kleenex tissues after it. Overall I loved this movie and I was glad that I dragged my mom(whoalso wanted to go and see this with me last night as well).My rating is a 9/10 and I give it a 4 out of 5 stars.BVery good flick It actually reminded me of a cross between The Fault In Our Stars(oneof my all time favourite movies ever)and that Julia Roberts flick DyingYoung. SEE IT