"Me Before You" is a definite contender for the most known romanticdrama of 2016. But first things first: This one here runs for 110minutes and was directed by Thea Sharrock while Jojo Moyes adapted herown novel for the screen here. And the result isn't shabby at all asthis one scored a decent deal of awards recognition that turned thefilm into by far the most known work for both writer and director. Andwhile male lead actor has already starred next to the likes of KristenStewart, Jennifer Lawrence, Johnny Depp and other pretty big names fromHollywood, there is no denying that he plays only second fiddle here tofemale lead Emilia Clarke. The latter is of course known to millions,if not billions, from Game of Thrones, but good news is that thanks tothe different hair color, it is very easy to not see her Daenaryscharacter this time which may have hurt the film overall. I think shedid a very good job. Her energetic, sparkling presence was one of thebest aspects about the film and makes it easy to forgive her foroccasional moments of overthetopness, for example when her boyfriendarrives on her birthday and she tells everybody that somebody rang thedoorbell. They also really tried to make her look not as gorgeous asshe is, which was a huge challenge as even in these strange clothes shewas obviously still a huge stunner. Claflin did a very good job too andhe had the difficult task that really all his acting had to take placeabove his neck because of the character's disability. I found himmemorable. Other known names include Charles Dance, Oscar nomineeMcTeer or Matt Lewis from Harry Potter, but honestly those were just inthe shadows of the two protagonists because their material simplywasn't on the same level in terms of both quality and quantity.As a whole, I thought this was a really good film. The writing wassmart on many occasions and it is always a success for films closer to120 minutes than to 90 minutes if they drag as little as this one here.It also manages to stay away from the pretentious side and there wasthe danger it could enter this area on several occasions. But itmanaged nicely. The film is also not trying to make any politicalstatements as it really is all about the tragic(?) story of the twoprotagonists here. Some scenes stay in mind especially like when hereveals his suicide plans to her because his body was a cage. Or alsothe scene in which she is watching an old video of him before theaccident. The film included exactly the right approach to romance tooin my opinion. They did not have to go for a huge love story oranything in order to have the tragedy work here. If you enjoyed thisfilm as much as I did, then let me recommend you "A Walk to Remember"or "Griffin and Phoenix" or "The Notebook" although I am sure you haveat least seen the latter already. Back to this one here, I do share thepraise and I think it is an achievement that feels both real andtouching. Maybe it is generally more for women, but definitely notexclusively if you manage to open yourself up here to the fate of thetwo protagonists. I also quite like the title. I am not a Game ofThrones fan at all, so I guess this makes up for a slight Emilia Clarkefanboy tendency and turns me into a neutral observer. A good, no agreat watch for people curious about Game of Thrones stars in otherprojects. And actually for everybody else too. This film is among2016's very finest and I highly recommend checking out.