Admittedly, I clicked this movie mainly due to Sam Clafflin. Thinkingit would just be another cheesy romantic dramedy, I wasn't able toaccount for the tears rolling down my cheeks at the unexpected ending.This is definitely one of those stories that will leave a mark on meand join my other top 3 romantic films Amelie, Jeux d'Enfants and ManUpWhat set this ending apart from all the others with forgettable fatewas how it balanced out the themes of redemption and sacrifice. Will'spre- accident life/pre-Louisa encounter was perfect, he was happy,successful and on top of the world in everything. Lousia's pre-Willencounter life was ordinary: she had a stable boyfriend and a generallygood life but was unable to really explore the world and find herselfdue to financial and self imposed obligations. Will's pre-accidentcharacter would never have noticed Louisa; their worlds were toodifferent.Their encounter gradually shifts the scales towards equilibrium. Nowthey're with each other every single day, their worlds opening up andslowly colliding as they share their experiences with each other. Shelearns about different cultures through French cinema, classical music,horse racing; he learns about the joyful simplicity of being carefreethrough her eccentricity and quirk. Their perspectives slowly change asthey develop a mutual affection that transcends common romantic love,the type that always seems to hinge around lust and sexual attraction.Of course, there are selfish elements to their love: she needs the jobfor money; likes to feel needed, and he needs her companionship. Butall of that is massively drowned out by the rich unconditionalaffection and care they develop for each other through their sharedadventures. The relationship blossoms organically, and never once feltforced.The ending ultimately re-balances the karmic scale. It didn't give us ahappily ever after ending because that would be massively unbalanced:you can't have your cake and eat it too. He dies, because in his view,however warped and cowardly you may think that is, it's the only wayout of his pain. But his death symbolically paves the way for her newlife. She's no longer trapped because, more importantly than the bit ofmoney he left her, her meeting him opened her mind and eyes to theamazing possibilities in life. It wasn't the fancy vacations, Frenchbakeries or luxuries being associated with wealth, it was the rawfeeling of living and taking any experience to its fullest, like theunnervingly beautiful thunderstorm they watched together.Meeting him, in essence, freed her spirit. And she is now able to liveher life to its full potential, in the same way he had lived hisperfect life before his accident. And similarly, Will died happy and ascontented as he could be. One would argue more content than before hisaccident, because he found for the first time, as brief as it was, aglimpse of love and affection stemming from a rare acceptance so deepas she was willing to put aside her own feelings, accept hislife-ending decision and be with him until the end. They "saved" eachother, inspired in each other hope and even though it wasn't enough tochange Will's mind, and even though they didn't end up together, theirencounter left a mark in each other, one that transcends time anddeath. It's really the purest form of love.On a macro level, I love everything about the themes; they echo my ownphilosophies on life and love. Even on the granular level, the fewstand-out emotional performances more than made up for some of thepredictable writing and tropes. In particular, the scene when Willrevealed the pain of living in his current condition to Lou, that hecan't accept her love and be with her like how he wanted. So much kudosto Sam's stunning performance, it was not one bit under or overacted,and I really felt all of the character's unspoken pain in those fewminutes.I can understand controversies the ending created; some say it sends abad message. But similar to Louisa's reaction to the ending of "Of Godsand Men", where she cried out incredulously how she didn't agreed withit, and how the main character should have stayed but all the whilstadmitting she still loved the movie: that's how I felt about thisending. I didn't agree with Will's decision. He should have stayed. ButI didn't take it as something negative and definitely not preaching ananti-disabled lifestyle moral either. People can't fathom why this megarich pretty-boy wallow in so much self pity and decides to end his lifewhen he seems to be on his way heading out of the trenches.Of course, if you were to look at this without immersing yourself inhis shoes, it's tempting to say nothing about his decision makes anysense. And that's pretty true:ample psychology research tells us thatthe future self we envision ourselves to lead is often very far fromwhat actually happens. What likely would happen is Will adapting tothis lifestyle and living happily with Louisa. But that wasn't thepoint of the story. He couldn't see past his disability, no matter howmuch love there was.This wasn't meant to be a finding-hope-after-tragedy type of movie, andfrankly, it would have fallen into the same vein as dozens of otherswith similar story lines if it played out that way. I took this movieas a coming of age story; love was just the undertone. Ultimately it isabout finding your inner spark, and igniting that spark in othersyou've met. But regarding the romantic aspect, it was more thansuccessful in its attempt to portray an ephemeral but pureunconditional bond between two people who never was meant to betogether in the stark bitterness of reality.