In the South of Britain, near Wales, a young businessman, Will (SamClaflin) has just kissed his girlfriend goodbye on a rainy morning. Hetries to hail a taxi but, unhappily, he is struck by a motorcycle.Meanwhile, Louisa Clark (Emilia Clarke) has been a waitress in a nearbycafé for six years, where she proved to be a friendly asset.Unexpectedly, she is given a pink slip and a month's wages. At home,the Clarks hear this news with dismay, for Papa Clark has been laid offand Lou's salary has been supporting them all. Undaunted, the fetching,zany-dressed young gal goes to the job center for new leads. There'sone promising one. It seems a mother, Camilla (Janet McTeer) issearching for a nurse's aide to help her paralyzed son. Yes, its Will,from the movie's beginning, who is now confined to a wheelchair withlittle motion below his neck. Will's family, the Trainers, are therichest folk in the area and live in a modified castle. In short order,Louisa gets the position, for she is chatty and gregarious, despite herlack of nursing experience. But, wait, Will greets his new caretakerwith undisguised rudeness, asking her to "not talk" to him and stay outof his way as much as possible. A roving nurse, Nathan, though, tellsLouisa he is delighted she is there and assures her that Will is rudebecause his situation is so bleak. In time, things change. Will doesbecome more communicative and is cheered by Lou's weird clothes andinfectious manner. When his former girlfriend comes to break the newsthat she is engaged to a man who was once W's best friend, Louisa isthere to help Will from falling to pieces. In fact, Lou and the nursedecide to put forth a list of outings which will, hopefully, change hisview toward life. This involves going to the horse races and a symphonyconcert. Indeed, Will does seem cheerier. But, oh no, Lou overhearsWill state he agreed to give himself six months of living for hismother's sake, at which end he hopes to go a euthanasia clinic inSwitzerland. Can this really be, when Lou has started to love Will andhe seems to being feeling the same way about her? This sweet, sorrowfulmovie will have its viewers in waterfalls of tears. Yes, there aremoments of humor and fun, but, the tale is always a story of awheelchair bound man, formerly very active. who struggles to accept hisnew reality. The cast is great, with Claflin, Clarke, McTeer, CharlesDance, and all of the others doing fine work. Mr. Claflin, who alsoappeared in Love, Rosie, will hopefully not be confined to roles inlove stories, although his handsome face is swoon worthy. Then, thesetting is superb, a lovely glimpse at a little known part of Britain.Louisa's costumes are "sublimely ridiculous" amid a well clad cast andthe script, from a novel by JoJo Moyes, is carefully, poignantlywritten. Finally, the direction is somewhat slow, at times, but hitsall the right marks for its presentation. As stated above, some viewerswill not like the film's stance on euthanasia, as it strongly supportspersonal choice. Therefore, listen to this caution. However, mostviewers, especially fans of romantic drama, will welcome theopportunity for a sweet, sad cry.