I'm not sure why critics are raving about Me Before You, but theyclearly did not see the same film that the rest of us did, the oneabout a silly 20-something year-old girl who's hired by a rich coupleto take care of their paraplegic son.This film suffers from the same ailments that many American biopics andromantic comedies do, namely a lack of originality and a dull,formulaic structure - regardless of whether or not it's an "adaptationof an award-winning novel." From the second the movie began, I predicted every single "emotional"beat in the film and when it would happen. Nothing caught me off guardor left me thinking, "Wow! I've never seen that before!" or "I neversaw that coming!" This film is a testament to the concept of "Safe Filmmaking" whichpervades our entertainment industry. The main character, Lou Clark,played by Emilia Clarke, has no admirable characteristics other thanshe wears unorthodox outfits and likes shoes. She outright admits itherself in the film: she lacks intelligence. I suppose one could arguethat she's an immensely compassionate individual, but what motivatesher compassion? There's no depth to her character - or any of thecharacters for that matter. Despite being financially unstable, Lou's sister and parents are happyas can be. She takes the job caring for the paraplegic, Will Traynor,played by Sam Claflin, to help keep her family afloat, but there'snever any pressure that there family might be worse off if she didn'ttake the job. Nothing bad ever happens at all in the entire film,actually, except for at the end when Will tells Lou that they cannot betogether, despite their love, and chooses to die. There's barely anyconflict, Lou is never really put to the test, she never learnsanything, she never overcomes any obstacles, the whole entire plot is agiant pile of emotions and obsessions (shoes for example) mushedtogether into a 110 minute pile of banal Oscar-bait. I'd like to mention that this film has seen the screen in a differentform before. A form that was much more enjoyable to watch, because itdidn't take itself as seriously. I'm referring to the 2011 French film,The Intouchables. Perhaps the filmmakers behind Me Before You shouldhave taken a few ideas from Olivier Nakache and Eric Toledano'splaybook.When all is said and done, I came out of the theater very sad. I gaveit a shot, hoping with all my being that Me Before You would challengeme or catch me off-guard with some serious wit or humor (despiteknowing it would not), but instead, it was just another, averageromantic drama to be filed away with the rest. It did not impressanything upon me. I did not leave the theater wondering about all thesymbolism and imagery in the film and what it could mean, because therewas none. Even the production design was lazy and trite - a sadmisfortune indeed.My advice to the Average Joe going to see this film: Go into thetheater with zero expectations. Sit down with your popcorn and yoursignificant other and prepare to shut off your brain like you do whenyou watch HGTV, sports, or sitcoms. You won't be carried away on amystical, thought-provoking journey. No, not all. If that's the kind ofexperience you expect, you will be sorely disappointed.