If the director of a movie has stirred an emotion in a viewer does thatmake it a good movie? I think 'yes' because the viewer has been touchedwithin and the story connected with that person, on some level.Unfortunately for Director: Thea Sharrock and Writer: Jojo Moyes theemotional connection for this viewer (me) was negative and borderlineangry. But the movie is a good 6 or 7 stars worth to me because I foundit well scripted, acted and photographed.The plot is so British class oriented I was gritting my teeth. We haveWill Traynor an upper crust society rich boy who is able to afford anyindulgence he so desires. He lives in a mansion and owns an ancestralcastle. Has had top line education and was a multi-talented sportsmanand is exceptionally handsome. Mr upper crust Will is arrogant, selfcentered, and oh so superior. Then there is Lou Clark a working classformer shop girl living in a small bungalow with her family. Her fatheris currently unemployed and cannot find a job. The family depends onLou's income to make ends meet. She looses her shop job and applies asa companion aide to the now disabled (quadriplegic) Will Traynor. Hismother is so charmed by Miss shop girl Lou's cheerful and quirkyattitude she hires her. So there's the first problem - a working classperson having to survive by being 'in service' to an upper societyfamily. What a good little Brit she is! And of course the Traynor'sfeel it's their duty to provide for the lower classes so they hireLou's father as a 'castle facility technician' - read 'grounds keeperfor the castle'! Then there is the ever available Nathan who suppliesthe muscle to move Will from bed to chair and back, plus keep accountof Will's borderline health. It's never explained how Nathan is always- on call! Can't keep the 'superiors of society' waiting!The title "Me Before You" is also an issue with this viewer! We arenever given a definition of this title. Which of the two maincharacters is 'Me' and which is 'You'! Think about it ... as therelationship between Will & Lou warms up the easy answer is Will as the'Me' because of his death wish and to hell with the now close emotionalbond between Will & Lou. (by-the-way if Will so wanted to die whydidn't he give in to his lung infection when hospitalized? It surelywould have easily killed a quadriplegic)On the other hand it's not too difficult to take Lou as the 'Me'because she has dedicated her efforts to 'change Will' and bring himout of his self imposed reclusiveness and bitterness toward life. Louis determined to make him change his mind on being euthanized. Sothere's the conflict - neither one actually respects the emotional bond& love that has developed between them. Will hates his physicalexistence and wants death as a release. Lou can only focus on how happyshe is being with him. Both are not thinking about how the other onefeels.My other problem with this story is very simple to grasp. Will haseverything a person could want and the intelligence to create a newlife for himself but chooses death because he cannot live as he didbefore his disability. The producers of this story are implying adisabled person is less of a human due to a disability, is permanentlyunhappy, and not capable of contributing to society thus death is theirbest option! If Will was fine physically but emotionally depressed andwanted to be euthanized would the viewing public be as enthusiasticabout this movie? Definitely not!The subconscious messages in this story are shameful but go completelyunnoticed because they are wrapped up and hidden in a sweet & tearfultragic love story.