I've heard so much glorification of this movie, that I was eager towatch it as soon as possible and enjoy its magnificence, but then...disappointment on many levels. To be clear, this movie is not a crap,but it's just slightly different from high budget South- American soapopera with Hollywood production.Acting is satisfying, scenery and landscapes are sometimes breathtakingand production is on the level. That would be all I can commend.Story... This movie doesn't have "o" of originality and it ispredictable from opening scene to ending credits. There's no singlesurprise or twist. Everything in it has been already seen andthoroughly verified Hollywood clichés are carefully wrapped indecorative paper.Will is successful businessman from wealthy family who ends up inwheelchair after traffic accident. On that fateful day he would go towork on motorbike, but his wealthy and beautiful blonde stops him. Samesecond he gave up on his motorbike I was sure what will happen next.While he was crossing the street on his foot he was hit by, you won'tbelieve this, motorbike. Of course, in this type of story, the one inwheelchair is usually male and rich and he hires someone poor to carefor him. At the beginning he is cold and grumpy, but in time he startsto show his warmer side. Am I the only one who saw "The Intouchables"?! Slight touch of "Beauty and the Beast" maybe ?! Though here we havepoor girl that gave up on higher education to take care of her family,instead of black petty criminal. She irresistibly reminds me of "UglyBetty"...Wills relationship with his blonde falls apart after the accident andshe marries his best friend. His new caretaker is seven years inrelationship with egocentric sportsman until time with Will opens hereyes and she realizes she is not happy, so she falls in love with Will.Author is trying to catch us on cheap pathetic...Characterization is lousy. We see two-dimensional characters who arenot well developed, not even close. How did Will win her love ?! Whatis that she falls for ?! Fact that he is good looking and rich ?! Idoubt author had intention to send that message, but except for hislooks and money we see no other positive sides of Will. She gets moneyfrom his parents and organizes luxury dates and travels in attempt toawake desire to live in Will... or maybe she provides herself a chanceto experience things she could only dream about before she got accessto his money... I understand what author wanted to present, but also Ican not stop myself from seeing what's obvious. I did not make up anyof this. I just point out the obvious.They go out, they travel exotic destinations, they fall in love. Willhas good time with his new girl, she loves him unconditionally, he isoffered to get back to his job, his family provides full support, andhe is rich. But that's not worth living and he decides he should killhimself. Yes, he planned this way before he met her, but not even loveof his life can change his decision. What message does it send to us ?!That people with disabilities are useless, dead burden to theirsurroundings, that they have nothing to give, professionally oremotionally, that good job, supporting family and true love are notworth living for ?! Somehow Stephen Hawking pops up in my mind...Sure, no one can stops you from killing yourself, but having healthinstitution to help you ?! If you are in continuous unbearable pain andyour life comes down just to pure survival in endless agony... thenmaybe.But let's ignore moral dilemmas and stay in limits of this movie. Ifyou already decided to kill yourself and nothing, not even true love,can make you change your mind, why the hell did you mislead innocentgirl, give her false hope and broke her long term relationship, just tomake her sucker at the end and leaver her emotionally destroyed... Thatseem selfish and cruel to me.At wedding, on the dance floor, he openly admitted that before hisaccident he would never noticed girl like her, let alone fell in lovewith her. And after accident his life is so worthless that even theirtrue love is not worth living. Somewhere I saw that perfectly put inone sentence. "I cannot live and love you because I refuse to live andlove as any other man than the man I was; however, if I were the man Iwas, I would not have loved you." But she does not mind.And so on, they fall in love, the time has come to go, she gives up herbelieving and needs and escorts him on last voyage. Movie ends withepilogue. He is dead and he left her with fat bank account (and she didnot even had to get married) and a letter that sends her to Paris, hisfavorite place on Earth, with detailed instruction where to go and whatto look for. "P.S. I Love You"... anyone ?!Don't get me wrong, movie is more than watchable. After reading myreview you would probably think that 6/10 is too high. But if you avoidto analyze, just grab your popcorn and sit comfortably in your sofa towatch the screen with half a brain, you will enjoy two hours ofstereotyped Hollywood romance drama, and maybe it will even make youlaugh or cry once or twice...