I recently saw ?Me before you?by Thea Sharrock is a romantic drama filmwhich was produced by New line Cinema/Metro- Goldwyn-Mayer/SunsweptEntertainment,and lasted 110 minutes. This movie is set in 2016 in theUS.It tells the story of Emilia Clarke and Sam Claflin,played by StevePeacocke/Jenna Coleman/Janet Mcteer/Charles Dance/Mathew Lewis/EmiliaClarke/Sam Claflin.The Story begins of Will Traynor, an energetic youngman from the U.K. Will is a man who lives to the extreme, going off toexotic places, climbing Mounts. However, one day he suffered anaccident when a motorcycle hits him before he got into a taxi. Theaccident left him quadriplegic; for two years, Will had to endurecountless doctors appointments and suffers from constant pain. Theaccident cost him his girlfriend, his home (since it was not wheelchairaccessible), and his old life. Tired of the pain he's going through,Will tells his parents that he would like an appointment with a doctorin Switzerland that would ensure the end of his pain. At first theirparents are horrified and against the decision their son has decidedon, but when he decides to take his own life, they ultimately agreed,if he gave them six more months. He accepted. Later, his mother hires asecond caregiver to take care of Will when their primary caregiver isunavailable. Louisa Clark, a recently unemployed twenty-six-year oldinterviews for this job. Louisa had no experience in the care givingfield, but she is a pleasant quirky human being and Camilla Traynorhopes that she would change Will's mind.Louisa was never informed thather job was to make sure that Will didn't kill himself, but she findsout after overhearing a conversation. She was devastated and decided toquit her job, but Camilla begs Louisa to return. She accepts on the onecondition that if she's going to change Will's mind that it wouldaffect his own health. Louisa later began thinking of ways to help Willhave a great life in the world considering that he's a quadriplegic.She began by taking Will off on short outings and they also went onvacation to Mauritius. During their vacation, Louisa confessed that shewas in love with Will and that they could have a life together. He saidno and he assured her that he wasn't changing his mind about visitingthe doctor in Switzerland. Devistated, Louisa left Will by himself onthe beach. Louisa went back home and spent days locked in her room,days later she decides to go to Switzerland before Will kills himself.There Will tells Louisa that the past six months were the best in hislife, but it wouldn't change his mind. Louisa kisses him and later WillTraynor is dead. Sometime later, Louisa sits at a table in Paris, whereshe reads a letter from her sister and then she holds on a letterwritten by Will. The letter had instructions that she had to visit aParfumeur and that he left her some money in which she could use tomake her life better. He hopes that she lives well; Louisa cries andgets up to fulfill Will's final wish. I Personally think it's verypoignant film and very good casting . I Would recommend it because theacting is fascinating