Come on Disney: what were you thinking?! You've got one of the mostbeloved films in your entire catalogue; the first animated film everthat was nominated for a best picture Oscar - and you give the newversion of that film to the director of 'Twilight' parts 3 and 4? Hasanyone of your executives even seen Bill Condon's 'Twilight' films ordid you just look at all the money they made during their openingweekend? Just so you know: those films are atrocious. There are pornfilms who look better and have better plots (seriously).Now the good news is, 'Beauty and the Beast' is nowhere near as bad asthe Twilight films, but it DOES bear a striking visual resemblance tothose teen shlock movies. And that's what I don't get: if you have thechance to make a film that will make 1.5 billion dollars (given thereviews are good) - wouldn't you want to make sure to make the bestlooking film possible? But over large stretches this film has themediocre looking CGI of a cheap Lionsgate fantasy film and the nuancedcolor-grading of a bowl of M&Ms.Emma Watson isn't half bad as Belle, but her acting feels forced in away you can practically read the directions she gets from her directoron her face ("now act SURPRISED" - "now show us a sense of WONDER" -"now look SAD"). Great actors like Kevin Kline are simply wastedbecause they have nothing to do besides just being there and have acertain look. The one actor who makes something of his role is,naturally, the one who plays the baddie; Luke Evans at least looks likehe's having fun.But all that is still not the worst. What sank the film for me wasBeast. It's mind-boggling to me how a gigantic company like Disney letsa film open if the most important CGI effects obviously don't lookconvincing yet. Beast's face never looks real and that's just notacceptable. It's been almost 10 years since we got a completelyconvincing CGI "beast" face with Peter Jackson's King Kong, completewith alive looking eyes and natural facial expressions. Since then wegot films like 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' and 'Jungle Book' thatlooked even better and more realistic. So what happened? What did theyspend the 200 million budget on?I'm sorry to say it, but this film represents a huge missed opportunityfor Disney.