Sure, I'm a huge film snob who (on the surface) only likes artsy-fartsyforeign films from before the 60's, but that hasn't stopped me fromloving Disney's Beauty & The Beast; in fact, it's probably my favoriteAmerican animated film and is easily Disney's finest work. It'sbeautiful, it's breathtaking, it's warm, it's hilarious, it'scaptivating, and, in Disney fashion, it's magical. When I learned thatDisney would be remaking their classic films, B&TB was undeniably thebest wrapped package. How could they go wrong?Oh man, they went wrong.First thing's first: this film is so flat. The directing was dull anduninteresting throughout the entire film and it honestly felt like oneof the Twilight sequels...and then I looked it up and found out that,yes, director Bill Condon was the man behind Breaking Dawn parts 1 & 2.Every shot looks bored and uninterested, which contrasts heavily withthe original animated film that was constantly popping with vibrancy.The script too is boring because it's almost a complete remake of theoriginal, though I guess most people won't mind that.Next: the CGI is horrid. Although I didn't care for The Jungle Bookfrom last year, I could at least admit that the CGI was breathtaking.The same cant be said for this film. Characters like Lumière,Cogsworth, Mrs Potts, and most of the cursed appliances have verystrange, lifeless faces that are pretty off putting to be looking atfor such a long time. All of the sets too look artificial and fake,especially the town towards the beginning. However, the biggestoffender is easily and infuriatingly the character that mattered most:The Beast. The CGI on the Beast's face is so distracting that itcompletely takes you out of the film. His eyes are completely devoid ofsoul, and his mouth is a gaping video game black hole of fiction. KlausKinski looked much better in the Faerie Tale Theatre episode of Beauty& The Beast, and that was a 1984 TV show episode. But do you know whyit looked better? Because it was an actual face with actual eyes, notsome video game computerized synthetic monstrosity. When will studioslearn that practical effects will always top CGI?Finally: wasted casting. Emma Watson is beautiful, but she's no Belle.She is completely devoid of the warmth and humanity that made theanimated Belle so beloved. Instead, she is cold and heartlessthroughout most of the film. Kevin Kline is 100% wasted and doesnothing except look old. Ian McKellan, Ewan McGregor, Emma Thompson,and even Dan Stevens as the Beast are very expendable and could've beenplayed by anyone else. The only good characters are Gaston and LeFou,mostly because they are fun and played by actors who breathe new lifeinto their original shapes. If anything, this film should've been aboutGaston and LeFou, but that would never happen because that would meanDisney couldn't cater to blind nostalgic 90's kids.Overall, this film is a complete bore. It could've been better if eventhe special effects were good, but the CGI in particular is horrendous.I'm all for Disney remaking their nostalgia- catering 90's films, butthey need to be interesting. This film, sadly, is not. Even theChristmas sequel is better than this film because it's at leastsomething.