I'm going to share an unpopular opinion. I'm heartily sorry to myfellow Disney fans, but I feel the need to say something: Thisobsession/worship of the new Beauty and the Beast is BS.I saw this film with my 6-year-old a couple weeks ago. While there'splenty about which to gripe, here's one of my biggest problems: I can'tstand this constant CGI-heavy everything-must-be-a-sequel-or- a- remakeera of film making. It's making movie makers lazy.Wanna make a buck? How about remake the biggest Disney films of alltime but in LIVE ACTION. OMG *heart emoji* *heart eyes emoji* *cryingemoji* *hands raised emoji*More like dollar signs. That's all this film was about. Dollars.Millions and millions of them. Yes, every film needs to make money, butDisney isn't hurting. They can afford to make quality films... and theydo! They really do. But this wasn't one of them. This was a cash graband nothing more.Let's focus on the visuals in the film. Stills from the finishedproduct were gorgeous. Everything was so intricate and colorful and onsuch a huge scale. The problem is that it was literally everywhere.Go to an art gallery. There are canvases, stand alone sculptures,photos, etc. All organized in a specific way. There's a break betweeneach piece, whether by floor or wall, that allows you to digest it andhave a moment to reflect.Movies like B&TB are like the entire building in which you hold thegallery is a "work of art". There's no space to reflect, just constantstimulation. You haven't a moment to enjoy the beauty and grandeur ofit all because it's literally everywhere.Storytelling-wise, it was all over the place. They already had a basicstory thanks to the original, but you can't just do that. You have toadd as much back story as you can, fill those plot holes, make it theSAME but BETTER.They were shoehorning in so much that half the damn thing wasbackstory. And it wasn't told chronologically. Noooo, ma'am. That's nothow the original was structured, so we CAN'T deviate from THAT. Whatabout the music? The music? You mean the mostly half-assed regurgitatedpile of those classic songs I loved listening to growing up and stillenjoy? And the extra songs shoved in just so that you always hadsomething to distract you from how they didn't know how to write aproper story with poignant and meaningful silences?Look. I love Emma Watson. I really do, but her voice... She soundedweak. I'm sure she tried really hard, but she doesn't have the vocalchops for this. Don't get me started on Ewan McGregor's horrible accentand lazy singing.The Beast was fine, but his song after Belle left totally ruined themoment. He was supposed to be in pain and the moment in the originalfilm where he roared out the window was perfect. You understood hissorry and his sacrifice. No song needed.And since when is Gaston NOT a baritone? To be fair, though, Gaston andLeFou were the best thing about this whole mess. They should have justdone a movie about their war adventures and I would've been happy.They poured on the whole "LeFou is gay" thing a bit thick for my taste.It was the only thing that added levity to the movie (despite how muchfun it should have been already), but it seemed a bit cheap. I'm notgoing to apologize for wanting more for my LGBTQ characters than to bejust the comic relief.Want to know a CGI-heavy Disney remake that they did right?Surprisingly enough... it was The Jungle Book. They took the old one,used a couple of the songs, but made it completely their own. It was asimilar story, but they didn't rely completely on it. Leave it to myboy Jon Favreau to retell an old story with fake animals and make itfeel more real and original than anything in B&TB.That's all I can think to say for now. Call me jaded and picky. Itmight be true, but it's also true that I have higher standards for mymovies... especially from Disney.TL;DR - Over-CGI'd-musical-number-heavy mess attempts to distract youfrom the fan-service-and-needless-backstory-filled plot so that youdon't realize what you are watching is just shiny, saccharine- glazedvomit.