I am a huge fan of the original and I was thrilled when the cast wasannounced. I'm a big fan of Emma Watson and most of the othersupporting actors so I went in with high hopes for this. It was awful!The CGI and auto-tuning were distracting and poorly done. On thesubject of auto-tune- why did they insist Emma Watson do her own vocalswhen she clearly wasn't up to the task? Several other numbers, notably"Gaston" and "Be our Guest" fell flat. None of the charm or warmth ofthe original.The performances were another issue for me which blows my mindconsidering the talent propping this horrid remake up. I can't fathomwho approved the accents of Ewen Mcgregor and Emma Thompson. They wereBAD. Emma Watson's performance was not what I expected from her. It waslike she was trying but missing the mark time and again. Her Belle iscondescending at times, bland in others, and overall forgettable.**spoiler** When Gaston and the beast have their fight,in this versioninstead of stabbing beast in the back, Gaston shoots him unexpectedlylike twice. Emma Watson's "reaction" to this is a prime example of myabove complaints. She doesn't seem shocked, sad, NOTHING. She waitsuntil he's been shot a few times and has been down awhile beforechanging emotion at all and even then her "sorrow" at his death ishorribly unbelievable. I could not believe this was Emma Watsonpreforming in this way. The beast was eh, Lafou wasn't funny (thetheater was at no point filled with laughter. My 10 year old laughedtwice the whole time), and the servants weren't charming or at all liketheir cartoon versions. I also hate that the funny back and forthbetween Lumiere and Cogsworth wasn't there. The only one I enjoyed wasLuke Evans as Gaston. He was far from perfect but I think he did bestout of everyone. As I scroll through the IMDb reviews with the occasional 8 or 9, andpages of 2's and 4's, I can't understand how the rating is a 7.8. Igive it a 2 for effort and can say with 100% certainty that I won'tever sit through it again. Another pointless remake. Disappointing.