Let me preface by saying that while the '91 cartoon is my favoritemovie of all time, I am not a strict cartoon purist, as the Broadwaymusical of BATB is also one of my favorites and there are other takeson the fairy tale that I really enjoy as well. But, when you are doingthe songs from the cartoon and even replicate some scenesshot-for-shot, I expect that the characters should feel familiar andthe quality of the production should live up to its predecessor.Unfortunately, this 2017 version falls dreadfully short. CASTING - The biggest blunder is Emma Watson in the lead role. This isnot to disparage her as an actress in general, but she is not right forthis. Her Belle lacks grace, enthusiasm, warmth and sincerity. Sheseems bored, and while it sounds like she could have quite a sweetvoice with further training, it is evident she does not have that skillset yet. In the other title role, Dan Stevens' Beast is all CGI and younever forget it. They've also edited his voice to make him sound more"beastly", which makes his solo awkward to listen to. One has to wonderwhy they didn't just cast someone with a deeper voice then? Thecharacter also seems a more like a grumpy old man than a tortured soulin a beastly body. Why did Disney cast "Hollywood names" instead ofpeople who were best for the role? It's not like there was ever a doubtthis would be a box office smash anyway given the beloved sourcematerial. I also never believed for a moment the relationship betweenany of the characters with the exception of the playfulrivalry/camaraderie between Cogsworth & Lumiere. CGI AND MUSIC - For a "live action" version, it certainly feels morestilted and unreal. The CGI in general looks fake, and the enchantedobjects are creepy. There are new songs but they are mostly dull. Now,I think Alan Menken is a musical genius, so perhaps it had something todo with having to write songs for non- singers. The Beast's new song isthe best of the bunch, but the emotion doesn't seem appropriate for thescene. The reused songs have new arrangements & new lyrics, but withthe exception of The Mob Song, the changes are distracting and feeloddly paced. STORYLINE - In truth, the whole movie is oddly paced. Things aredragged out that don't need to be, and other things zoom by that shouldhave been fleshed out. They give backstories, but odd ones at odd timesin odd ways. Minor spoilers: For example, Gaston is a soldier who savedthe village and that's why everyone loves him. He likes Belle for herlooks but also her dignity.By giving the villagers a very good reasonto like him, he is no longer a foil for the Beast. Gaston is supposedto be handsome, strong and charismatic and people equate that withbeing good. The Beast is ugly so they automatically think he's bad. Isnot the moral that it's actually what's on the inside that counts? Itseems they have forgotten the point. Even Belle makes a joke in poortaste at the end which undermines the message. Furthermore, significantdetails are altered which result in the Beast not changing & the leadsbasically falling in love by accident, and (SPOILER) the enchanted rosehas no real significance in the end (END SPOILER) I could say more, but I think you get the picture. I wanted to like it,but it grossly failed to enchant.