As a fan of the original Disney film (Personally I feel it's theirmasterpiece) I was taken aback to the fact that a new version was inthe making. Still excited I had high hopes for the film. Most of wasshattered in the first 10 minutes. Campy acting with badly performedsinging starts off a long journey holding hands with some of the worstCGI Hollywood have managed to but to screen in ages. A film that is over 50% GCI, should focus on making that partbelievable, unfortunately for this film, it's far from that. It lookslike the original film was ripped apart frame by frame and thebeautiful hand-painted drawings have been replaced with digitalcaricatures. Besides CGI that is bad, it's mostly creepy. As the littleteacup boy will give me nightmares for several nights to come. EmmaWatson plays the same character as she always does, with very littleacting effort and very little conviction as Belle. Although I can seewhy she was cast in the film based on merits, she is far from the rightchoice for the role. Dan Stevens does alright under as some motioncaptured dead-eyed Beast, but his performance feels flat as well. LukeEvans makes for a great pompous Gaston, but a character that has littledepth doesn't really make for a great viewing experience. Josh Gad is agreat comic relief just like the original movie's LeFou. Other thanthat, none of the cast stands out enough for me to remember them. Humanor CHI creature. I was just bored through out the whole experience. Andfor a project costing $160 000 000, I can see why the PR department ispushing it so hard because they really need to get some cash back onthis pile of wet stinky CGI-fur!All and all, I might be bias from really loving Disney's firstadaptation. That for me marks the high-point of all their work,perfectly combining the skills of their animators along with some CGIin a majestic blend. This film however is more like the bucket you washoff your paintbrush in, it has all the same colors, but muddled withwater and to thin to make a captivating story from. The film is quitefrankly not worth your time, you would be better off watching theoriginal one more time.