SPOILERS!! ---------- ----------I saw the original classics of the era - Beauty and the Beast, TheLittle Mermaid, etc - so I was interested in seeing what thislive-action could do with the story. Here, Disney attempts to remaketheir own animated version of Beauty and the Beast (BnB), but forvarious reasons, it falls far short of the classic animated versionmuch like Rogue One fell far short of being a great Star Wars movie.1) The songs suck. One of the most glaring examples is when the Beast pines for Belle, andsings his song while climbing up the tower stairs. Something along thelines of 'I'm climbing these stairs, then looking out the open window.'This is repeated over and over as if we're to sing along to the line orbe excited by it. Nope, complete fail.The songs lack the vocal power of the original ones, failing mostly toinspire or make one tap one's feet. No humming along to this movie -it's dead on arrival.2) The actors do not shine in their roles, sometimes, because the auraaround them is too strong from past movies, sometimes, they simply aretoo generic for the role.For example, Belle's dad is far too generic. One of those charactersyou look at and forget right away, even after the whole movie was seen. The mysterious enchantress that enters in the beginning is nowhere neara Maleficent or Snow White Witch - she looks like some generic femalethat walked in, cursed the Beast, and you promptly forget.Others like Gaston (still think he's from Fast and Furious), Watson(her performance here is dead, unlike her more moving Potterperformances), etc. have the problem of being mismatched for the roles.3) Really bad scriptwriting.You've got lines with characters suddenly mentioning things out of theblue, unmotivated. eg. Dad parks his horse, says 'oh, there's water andhay.' Huh? Why? What does that add? Nothing. It would have been farbetter for him to park the horse and cut to next scene.4) Movies should be something one can understand with the sound off,but there are many examples of things that don't make sense, andcharacters breaking out of their roles.eg. If Gaston is really the battle hero he is, then why is he afraid ofa few wolves in the forest? He's got a gun, guts, and strength, so whynot just charge in and save the day? Okay, so he's played as a guy whois all show and no real guts in this movie in this scene, but later,he's crazy enough to shoot the Beast several times, jump across biggaps, etc.eg. The Beast is supposed to be a BEAST, but he takes a few bites fromattacking wolves and collapses, out of energy after the attack, wipedout. Yet, in the end, he takes multiple gun shots from Gaston beforefinally collapsing. eg. Belle falls in Love with the Beast after a few scenes of themreading books, and he lets her go to save her dad. Huh?? Are girlsreally that Easy?? There's no motivation at all for a real girl to fallin love with the Beast after a few days in captivity, so it'sunbelievable based on how it is shown.4) A lot of the fun, the connection, the relationship between Belle andthe household items are lost. The animation had the interplay between them which you could see andfeel, eventually building up a very strong connection between Belle andeach of the items, like the teacup, the candle holder, etc. In thismovie, it was more of a show and tell - Belle sits back, things areshown to her, and..that's it. Moving on, much like a Disney Fantasyride - you see interesting displays, but no connection. Same for thehorse and Belle. In the animation, you can see the horse reacting tothe scary forest, setting up an undertone of fear and worry as theyenter the dark forest. But in this movie, none of that - it's simply a'machine' that she hops on, and it takes her to and from the Beast'shome. 5) The lighting is uneven. There are places where it's really good andyou can see the characters well-defined, then other places where it'sjust tough to see Belle and the surroundings (like the prison her dadwas kept in and just outside that). This is a far cry from Potter whereyou can see inside the dimly lit school, but there's definition andmore clarity to the details. Here, it simply goes black to dark grayand there's nothing there to add to the scene.6) Too many competing messages and periods.You've got Belle implying she doesn't need/want to get married in thebeginning, then wanting to stay forever with the Beast in a few days.Yet, they look like they're living in the old ages, before the 20thcentury. You've got Gaston with a gun, yet when the town attacks the Beast, mostdon't have a gun?! Are we in the swords and stone age, or gun age?You've got lots of white characters, then, the mandatory politicallycorrect insertion of a black female here and there.You've got Belle saying 'I'm not normal' (ie. I'm not the usual cutegirl that gets married young, has kids, etc), ie. smart and educated.Yet, that scene has her bending forward towards the camera many timesto show her cleavage in an attempt to sexualize her despite her smallbreasts.In the end, not worth a full-price movie ticket to see it in thetheater. A DVD rental at most, fast-forwarded through the dull, slowscenes for sure.