Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos has made a name for himself withstrange, absurd films, so it's not unexpected that 'The Lobster' fallsin the same category. The story is set in a dystopian world where allsingle people get sent to some sort of hotel where they have a limitednumber of days to find a partner or they'll be transformed in an animalof their choosing.The methods the staff at the hotel use to convince people it's betterto be with someone, although shown with deadpan humour, are verydisturbing and unexpectedly effective. For instance, when people arriveat the hotel one of their hands is tied up behind their backs to showthem that "everything is easier in pair". But there's also a way toextend your stay and remain single. The nearby forest is a hiding placefor a group of runaways from the hotel who the residents go out to huntonce in a while. For each successful capture they get their stayextended. It's a pretty straightforward representation of society'sfight against diversity and those who don't adhere to rules, butLanthimos doesn't stay there.In the second half of the film, when the focus moves from the hotel tothe forest, we get even more rigorous rules and brutal demonstration ofintolerance for those who don't follow them. It's one of director'sironical twists, but also a disturbing example of illogical andrevengeful human nature. Those who were forced to find a partner formeda community in which it is forbidden to have a partner, or even justflirt. Main character proves to be an constant exception and keepsbreaking the rules wherever he is and whatever they are (which bringsto question whether there's any possibility for him to have a happyending), symbolizing in that way a fight for individuality inside anoppressive system.I've wrote more about its messages and themes (although I've mentionedbut a few) than about the film itself because I find them moreinteresting. That's not to say that the film isn't good, on thecontrary. It's a film with great acting, haunting music, bleak, washedup cinematography (which perfectly suits its themes) and many standoutscenes. It's just that the philosophy behind it is more impressive thanwhat goes on on the surface. 'The Lobster' is more than meets the eye,all the way to its questioning, if not engrossing, ending.