That pretty well sums up my overall impression of this film, that Iadmittedly had high curiosity and hopes for.This is a film, like Pi, filled with many non-absorbent instances andimages that culminates into nothing but stagnation, ultimately.Now, granted, one man's pretension is another man's secret identity.And I get what they were going for: They were hoping to make a darkcomedy about the societal pressure to be mated, and the scarlet letteron anyone's back who is alone. That's clear in the first several shortscenes. So, the film accomplished its goal before the 10 minute mark.From there, it limps to a black screen - no ending, no resolution, oreven a hint at continuation. Just a feeling that they ran out of eitherfilm or ideas.This is a 'piece' about a man who checks into a resort for people whohave come to their last hopes of finding a person to live theirexistences with. Sort of Howard's End-cum-Hotel California, in that noone can leave, and everyone only speaks once an hour in a monotone. Thegist is that if they don't find a mate, they turn into a member of theanimal kingdom. 'OK, not a bad idea, they could go somewhere withthis...' I so naively think to myself after the first 4 minutes. Andfrom there, we have the parade of statues: Characters introduced asfellow residents and meant to bring some humanity in the form ofinteraction. They forgot, however, to give them any substance. Anosebleed isn't a 'quirk', I'm sorry. If the actors had been directedto speak in more than one timbre, and had been written dialogue thatdidn't amount to a "minutes of the meeting" memo, then maybe they couldhave had something.So, after some milling, the main 'character' tried to cuckold another'character' and fails. So he leaves and finds himself embraced byanother group with a separate set of standards and clothing that thegroup he just fled. And that about all as far as differences. The grouphas the same hollow, banal intonations as the people we were just tiredof. And the same prattle happens all over again.This has the label of Dark Comedy. But, 'dark' does not mean colorless;and, sudden gasps at horrific snap-cut deaths & mutilations do notconstitute laughter, which one expects from a comedy.As I said in the title, snobs will flock to this film because it givesthem a perfect chance to say their favorite line: "Well, you justdidn't get it." I just love hearing people say this. Why? Because it isusually said right after someone asks for their overall impression oropinion or reflections of what they just saw. I will never forget thetime I saw a movie with some friend of a friend that was ... I think itmight have been 'Pi'. I asked what he thought of that ending. Heliterally snapped his jaw up in the air and said, "Well, if you didn'tget it, I certainly won't be able to explain it to you." I looked athim & said, "You don't get it either, do you?" He laughed, but hedidn't deny what I said. 'The Lobster' is going to be THAT kind offilm, you just watch. So many people have already said the 7-paragraphequivalent of 'You just didn't get it' already on here. I may get somein reply.Bull$#!t.Well, you know what, my gentle 'parvenu-bies'? I got it. Everyone gotit, and people who see it after this will get it.Art means something different to everyone who views it; that's why filmis art. And I will not dismiss this as art simply because I'm of theopinion that 'The Lobster' is the cinematic equivalent of waiting forthe nurse to guide you back into the waiting room after a routinecheckup.Personally, if I wanted to watch an hour and a half of culminatedsilence peppered with 10 minutes of flaccid dialogue, I certainlywouldn't pay for that - I'd go to an empty theater before a moviestarts. It would have been a more meaningful experience.