In a dystopia near future, single people, according to the laws of TheCity, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romanticpartner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent offinto The Woods.The plot for this film alone is so strange and strikingly original. Forlong sequences it is deprived of emotion, the characters interactawkwardly, there conversations lack involvement, there answers to eachother are to the point and do not contain considerable feeling. Ibelieve this is all part of director Yorgos Lanthimos plan, to create asociety where correctionalisation leads to a lose in the ability toretain honest, intimate human communication.This is a film unlike anything I have ever seen. The score is huntingyet beautiful, it condenses the strange idiosyncrasy's of thisdystopian world, into which we have entered. It in many ways plays outwith elements of a black comedy in which character conversations arehilariously unpredictable and certain sequences make you cringe in yourseat. We enter this world with "David" a man who has recently been cheated onby his wife and must enter into the hotel to find a partner. We get theearly sense in the narrative of "David's" underlying loneliness andinherent dispassion with the circumstances he is placed in. He ismasterfully played by "Colin Farrell" who fully commits to thecharacter and let's us sense his motivation and why he makes certaindecisions. His subtle performance is deeply moving and he is our guideinto this dystopia future. In many ways Yorgos Lanthimos has created a deeply poetic film wherethe visuals and at times voice over narration paint a picture and givean insight into this structured society where everything is meant to beexact. His direction for the film is extraordinary and his slow motionsequences are simply breathtaking.Where I believe the story is at its best is the hotel. The hotel itselfis beautifully shot with fantastic cinematography. We are given aninsight into the lives of the people who must find partners with thesame characteristics. Excellent performances are given by both BenWhishaw as the "the limping man" and John C. Riley as "lisping man".It's simply fascinating to view the daily routine of these inmates asthey struggle to find partners. Certain characters we meet along theway resort to cheating the system in an attempt to retain there humanlives. It's a film that has a a lot to say about how we view relationships,but it never spells it out and is open to interpretation. As weprogress through the narrative we find ourselves on the other side ofthe spectrum, in a group known as the loners who cannot have intimaterelationships whatsoever. It is interesting to see the parallels in thestory, and how each is presented. The way in which this story concludesis deeply disturbing but is very poetic as an underlining of the filmsmajor themes.However I did feel certain aspects of the second half of the filmdetracted from its overall affect, unnecessary sequences carry on tolong, and I would have preferred to let the original character dynamicsplay on longer. That being said certain parts of the second half werevital to the story and I personally found great attachment to RachelWeisz's character and her relationship with "David".Overall, I found The Lobster to be strange, beautiful and a sort ofoddity that is poetic and visually stunning. The performances arefantastic, the score is hunting and although I did feel elements of thesecond half lost some of the films focus, it nevertheless has to be oneof the most fascinating films I've seen this year. I am going to giveit a 9/10.