Despite the spoiler tag, I've kept this review clear of specific plotspoilers. Instead, I've listed, more generally, the types of crueltyinvolved in this movie.And I know I'm taking the risk of getting a lot of thumbs down frompeople who could take what this movie dished out -- specifically,people who could take it, and think others should take it too, withoutany warning.These people might argue that the intention of the movie is to lure youin with false expectations, then spring the nasty stuff on you, andthat your upset reaction is acceptable, because the film isdeliberately designed to "shock" you that way. I disagree.If someone makes a movie that has both comedy and horror elements(torture, mutilation, etc.), it is dishonest to make a trailer out ofonly the quirky and funny scenes.This is a cruel and ugly movie. From the beginning, it is gray andgrim, with the exact kind of depressing music that Americans expectfrom arty foreign films. But very quickly, it becomes clear that thefilm is worse than that.The trailer makes it seem like a fun and quirky movie, maybe somethinglike Being John Malcovich. I suppose it is, during the "funny" parts.But in my opinion, that is overshadowed by the other nasty things thathappen in this movie.The movie tries to make points in its "dark satire," but they arepretty similar to points that were covered a lot less painfully in, forexample, "But I'm a Cheerleader." The director's agenda seems to stemfrom his own miserable world view. Forget the fantasy element of themovie's premise; he has his own fantasy in which far too high apercentage of the world is capable of murder, torture, body mutilationand so on.I'm hoping this review will help others like me avoid the movie. Itried to scan the RottenTomatoes page to get a sense of what I couldexpect from the movie, but I basically walked away with "The Lobster isdefinitely an acquired taste -- but for viewers with the fortitude tocrack through Yorgos Lanthimos' offbeat sensibilities, it should provea savory cinematic treat." This is not the case, and it is not a fairsummary. Sprinkling a few drops of battery acid into your "savorycinematic treat" completely offsets the value of whatever otheringredients you've included.I hope people will go into this movie armed with more knowledge than Ihad.