David (Colin Farrell) checks in to the Hotel with his brother who hasbeen changed into a dog. (Whaat??) He will have 45-days to get apartner and if he doesn't he will be turned into an animal of hischoice. (Whaaat??) David decides he wants to be turned into a Lobster.(Whaat??) Oh, this Is not a surprise as he agrees to this. (Whaaat??)If he finds a mate and there are problems he will be given a child thatwill act as a buffer.Some may see the name Colin Farrell and decide to watch. In this caseit's tsk, tsk, tsk. This is a warning of sorts. Avoid this. There aremany disturbing images in here and dialogues that describe some veryunspeakable things that could happen. It has been mentioned that ColinFarrell gained about 40-pounds for this role. Why I am not sure, but Ithought the 40-pounds looked good on him. So if you didn't know that hegained 40-pounds, you probably will not recognize him. I didn't .Yes, this is a satire, but a very unconventional one. It mocksrelationships and pretensions that we go thru to show normality for themost part. All dialogues are mono-toned and no emotions are shownregardless of what just happened. Oh, WAIT, John C. Riley as Robert theLisping Man has his fingers put into a hot toaster as punishment formasturbating (he got caught) as that is not allowed. He does scream andshows emotions. Sexual stimulation is allowed but only given by a maidin a sort of lap dance way. There is another group of people who live in the woods and are called"Loners." And these Loners are hunted and tranquilized by the peoplefrom the Hotel. It is against the law to flirt or have relationshipsamong these Loners. David escapes to these people and finds the ShortSighted Woman (Rachel Weisz) and they fall for each other and have tobe careful not to draw attention to themselves. The Loner Leader (LeaSeydoux) discovers that the Short-Sighted woman becomes close to Davidand encourages her to have her eyes fixed, but this operationintentionally leaves the Short Sighted Woman blind. One of the lastscenes shows David and the now blind woman in a restaurant. Davidorders a steak knife and goes into the bathroom to blind himself. Wedon't know if he goes through with it as the movie ends. Is it possiblehe didn't go thru with it and returned to the Hotel to become aLobster? (Who cares?) I have mentioned many things that perhaps, I shouldn't have, but youneed to know that his is not an entertaining movie. It is deeplydisturbing and you have only been given a small sampling of somedisturbing images and dialogues. Yes, there are many more. (Whaaat?)Remember: this is a satire and mocks relationships.Here's the thing. I saw that Colin Farrell was in this and decided towatch. Tsk. Tsk. Tsk.What this movie is trying to accomplish is beyond me. (Agreed) (1/10) Violence: Yes. Sex: Yes, regular and that lap dance way. Nudity: Yes.Disturbing Images: Yes. Language: Yes.