On paper, Allied should be a great movie. You have a bona fide moviestar in Brad Pitt as the leading man and a bona fide movie star inMarion Cotillard as the leading lady. Robert Zemeckis is directing andthe setting is one of the most interesting times in human history,WWII. Both play secret agents tasked with taking out a Nazi ambassadorin one of the most beautiful cities in the world, Casablanca. Somehowthis movie that has so many good things going for it finds ways todisappoint despite having a solid first half. This review is going tohave a lot to do with the overall intention of a movie and how itrelates to the scores I give out.To begin the first half of the movie is not too bad. It shows how themain characters meet and react to each other with the difficult taskahead of them. There was some interesting tension and cinematic momentsthat can be appreciated. It was paced really well even with quite a fewdialogue sections with some exposition but those moments werejuxtaposed with some moments with real tension. For some reason thesecond half of the movie did not follow suit. I'm not sure if theoverall plot got in the way or the studio got in the way but the thirdact was full of holes and felt on rails.Robert Zemeckis has directed some of the biggest movies of his time,Back to the Future and Forrest Gump to name a few, but I think his agehas caught up to him. Allied feels slow and unexciting, even in thehigh points of the action there seems to be a quick build up with anunexciting pay off. It is not a great looking movie, with somelocations either being green screen or just terribly lit. The editingis also not helping but there is really nothing brought by the directorthat gets the viewer excited.The performances of Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard are a bit all overthe place if only because after that first half they don't spend muchtime on screen together. Both performances are fine but some of thereactions don't make perfect sense in the context of the story. Reallyall of the acting is fairly solid and if there is one thing about thismovie that is a positive the acting is it.Overall the writing is not terribly great. There are some high momentsthat like I have mentioned before mostly take place in the first halfof the movie. There seem to be entire scenes that are useless andcharacters seem to constantly be doing things that left me shaking myhead. The idea is a great one, two WWII spys who fall in love, who maybe taking deep secrets into their post mission affairs is one I can getbehind. What ends up playing out in the movie is in some casesinfuriating. disappointment.Allied, based on the people involved was supposed to be a huge hit anda possible Oscar contender. The movie comes nothing close to that anddoes not even fall into the "decent" spy thriller genre. Nothing aboutthe characters brings much to be desired and other than the actorsplaying them are pretty forgettable. I wanted the movie to end upsurprising me close to the end with something that would change myopinion of the movie at least a little bit but that moment never came.I don't think the ending of a movie should necessarily define how gooda movie is but by the end of Allied I was begging for something off theall to make it all worth it. With quite a few movies being releasedthis holiday season I would recommend you spend your time on somethingbetter.