I was curious as to how this movie would play out. I enjoyed the film,but I was disappointed with the ending. With a different ending, Icould have overlooked a lot of the other flaws. (Obviously this willinclude spoilers).The story is somewhat basic--two operatives on a mission fall in loveand get married. Then, one of them is revealed to be a spy for theGermans, though a reluctant one at that. Half of the film is devoted todeveloping Pitt and Cotillard's relationship. It starts with athrilling mission in Casablanca and ends with their eventual marriage,birth of their daughter, and Pitt's humdrum life as a desk officer inBritish intelligence. The second half of the movie revolves around Pittbeing briefed that his wife is a German spy and that he must cooperatein a "blue dye" operation to know for sure. Over the course of threedays, he must act normal and go along with the operation. Pitt is toldthat if she is found to be a spy, he must execute her immediately, orthey will both be executed. But he loves his wife and he wants to proveher innocent, so he goes to great lengths to get information ... onlyto find out that she is indeed not the person she claimed she was. Butshe loves him and she was only cooperating with the Germans out ofcoercion. Pitt decides to spirit his family out of the country (in asingle engine plane that couldn't have taken them anywhere useful,except maybe Ireland) but they are stopped and Cotillard, knowing herhusband won't pull the trigger, shoots herself after confessing herlove and telling Pitt that he must take care of their daughter. The endof the film is the verbal reading of a letter Cotillard wrote on herlast day with her family (she knew she'd be caught). This ending really left a hollow feeling in me. It would have beenbetter if Cotillard had somehow been saved. Indeed, there is historicalprecedent that the movie ignored.The whole "you must execute her on the spot!" thing was contrived. TheBritish routinely turned German agents into double agents. Only themost hardened of spies who refused to turn would have been executed,and even then, most were imprisoned. Cotillard would have eagerlyagreed to work as a double. It would have been a nice ending if shepassed fraudulent reports to the Germans in the lead-up to D- Day, thus"saving the day."In reality, by the time D-Day kicked off, all of Germany's spies in theUK had been rolled up (either executed, imprisoned, or turned), so thewhole notion that Cotillard's character would have been working for aGerman network is pure fiction.It's also fiction that Pitt (who is in his 50s) would be a "field man."At his age and with his rank, he would have been a senior officerworking out of England, not parachuting into Morocco. And if Cotillard was suspected as a spy, Pitt would have also beeninvestigated. He would not have been told to go along with this scheme.Why? Because of what we saw in the film. He would have been emotionallycompromised. Therefore, the first Pitt would have heard of this wouldhave been when she was arrested and he along with her. They would haveinterrogated him and ensured that he wasn't a witting accomplice.It was later stated in the film that the ambassador they assassinatedin the beginning of a film was actually a dissident whom Hitler wantedkilled. If so, Hitler would have just recalled the man and executed himin Berlin. He would not have allowed some long-odds intelligenceoperation to go forth in which he'd lose a number of SS and Abwehrofficers. In short, there would be easier ways to get an agent into theBritish network.Anyway, I wanted to like this film better. If they had given it ahappier ending, I would have. I thought the whole "Allied" title mightbe a nod towards how a husband and wife are allied together.