Allied (2016)A dramatic (and sometimes dramatic to the point of parody) telling ofone spy and then another, and how they fall in love. The leading actorsare great starting points, Brad Pitt as the Canadian dropping intoMorocco and Marion Cotillard as his contact after his arrival. Andhere's the biggest problem right away?they have no real chemistry, andare actually not given much to work with (besides an absurd but funlove scene in a sandstorm).You get the feeling everyone is trying to outdo "Casablanca" itself,and they even start the movie there, just in case you don't feel theromance in the air. Robert Zemeckis is a storytelling director, so it'ssurprising this doesn't quite take off (blame the writer, in part?) buthe's also not a lyrical film director. He depends on flash and surprise(as in "Back to the Future," which is not a subtle film, whatever elseit has that is brilliant).And in fact, "Allied" is an unsubtle film that needs some nursingalong, some ambiance rather than over-the-top drama. (The birth scenewill either be astonishing or laughable, depending on how involved inthe movie you are. A little of both, maybe.) The story itself I thinkhad great potential, but the actual screenplay dumbs it down.And if Cotillard is brilliant in her role (which she has to be, asyou'll see), Pitt is a little wooden, downplaying the energy he mighthave brought to it. Here I suspect he's been told to channel Bogartwith an understated intensity, and oddly enough, he just can't do it.(Blame the cinematography, a little, because as slick and beautiful asit is, it is also the work of an action flick mentality, rather than anactual romantic drama.)I watched it with real interest all the way and enjoyed many parts ofit. I enjoyed even more anticipating what might be next, because therewere a couple of plot twists at work. But each time I was a bitdisappointed in what actually took place, the pulling of punches, orthe sentimentalizing rather than dramatizing. When it was done, lookingback, it seems like a stream of missed opportunities and imperfectscenes sandwiched between other moments that could have take us far.If the two of them had some actual chemistry in the first place.