If the German Nazis want to kill their own man who resists the Naziregime, why they would choose a Canadian army person to kill their ownman and taking so much troubles and risks to mislead the Canadianassassinator ?? Does not make any sense. Was the Nazi regime afraid oftheir own CNN or what ?? Or maybe so much afraid of their Human Rightsorganizations so they required such disguise ?? Just ridiculous !!!!The Nazis who murdered openly so many of their own men, suddenly turnso sensitive about killing 1 man of their own ??All the great intelligence agencies of the Allies don't have any clueabout the above German plot. They don't notice the Nazi spyess is afake Marianne Beauséjour and that she is misleading their own man inCasablanca. The Allies intelligence don't suspect how a known Frenchresistant against Nazis befools the Germans so easily and becomes sotrusted by the Germans. The Allies never heard the real MarianneBeauséjour is dead. The Allies don't have a clue the German ambassadoris against the Nazi regime. The British intelligence screws up inchecking the spyess background before approving her entrance toEngland. So, is this a new game of naivety & innocence or what ?? Andthen what justification they had to blame Max Vatan for marrying aGerman spyess ?? How could he know what his whole employing agencycould not ?? For so many screw ups in such a short time, all the headintelligence officers should have been sacked immediately. The so brave German spyess who has balls to risk her own life inhostile places, suddenly loses them in a friendly place. She couldeasily desert and let the British intelligence know all the names ofthe German spies in England who jeopardize her. She would be pardonedand safeguarded. First the brave & tough Max Vatan rejects the spyess trials to seducehim. First he tells her to close the lousy buttons of her shirt whenshe tries to seduce him and explains her why it's not good to have suchrelationship being in duty. Later he makes a wild sex with her in thecar. And finally he asks to marry her. So what the heck happened inbetween that caused such dedicated, rational and tough agent to flipflop with his personal feelings ?? Did just few smiles of her and hershooting abilities made this whole flip flopping difference ?? What didhe see in her which we the audience could not ?? Do the movie makersconceal some top confidential secret about their spying couple ?? Please enlighten us. The war is over, Hitler is dead, the Allies won.So it's time to loosen up. The setting is usually very good, except in the opening when heparachutes in the desert, which looks like the parachuter and thesetting is taken from a computer game.