The Academy Award-winning 1942 motion picture Casablanca has become alegend of filmmaking, almost a part of folklore, by being as perfect amovie as is possible. A triumph of cohesion, not a scene or a line ofdialogue is wasted?every single word and frame of film points to theclimactic scene in which most of the the cast is present, all plotlines are resolved, and all the picture's mysteries solved?and whichmany film fans have memorized and can recite, word-for-word. Robert Zemeckis, the director of Paramount's Allied, apparentlybelieves that by fashioning his film on Casablanca, some of the magicof the 1942 picture will rub off on his. It doesn't. And that's ashame, because if the picture were truly a sum of its parts, Alliedwould be a wonderful experience. But unlike Casablanca, the individual scenes of Allied do not add up toa complete picture. Rather, the diverse parts of the movie look as ifthey've been snipped from other, better pictures, and cobbled togetherby screenwriter Steven Knight for Zemeckis to direct. Zemeckis, originally a Steven Spielberg protégé and an acknowledgedexpert on older movies, gets into the spirit of Knight's script bydesigning and positioning his shots in a manner reminiscent of scenesfrom other popular movies. As a director, Robert Zemeckis has alwaysbeen more derivative than innovative, and any viewer who's seen Algiersor The English Patient, or even Out of Africa or Gone With the Wind,will likely leave Allied with a sense of déjà vu, a nagging suspicionthat he or she has seen has seen the picture somewhere else. In Allied, a crack Canadian counterintelligence agent played by BradPitt parachutes into French Morocco during the early days of World WarII and makes his way to Casablanca to rendezvous with a member of theFrench resistance, played by Marion Cotillard. Their mission is to dosome spy stuff together and then scoot back to London. Naturally theyfall in love. And that's just the beginning of a picture whichstretches credibility more and more with each of its passing 124minutes. Allied is a triumph of production design and costuming, but that'sreally not saying all that much. Pitt and Cotillard are attractivepeople and they look swell in the picture. When you dress them up inthe smartest retro-chic wardrobe and set them loose in the trendiestwartime nightclubs in Casablanca, they look as if they just steppedfrom the pages of the Giorgio Armani catalog?although during thedaytime scenes they sport elaborate sunglasses which almost scream Hey,we're spies! Which leads to another difficulty with Allied: The anachronisms. In anymotion picture, authenticity is essential to maintaining a successfulillusion. In Allied, that's where the seams really begin to show. Keysequences take place during nighttime German bombing raids over Londonin 1942 through 1944?yes, the movie does cover some ground. But nobodyseems to realize that the last major German bombing raids on Londonoccurred fairly early in 1941, before Hitler turned east and attackedthe Soviet Union. But that's incidental to a picture in which World War II is little morethan a plot device to enable the characters to participate illogicallyin exciting adventures. At one point, for narrow personal reasonsPitt's character steals an RAF airplane and dashes off to occupiedFrance, and then promptly upon arrival accidentally instigates a meleebetween the French resistance and German soldiers.In the very next scene, Pitt astonishingly appears back in Londonlooking somewhat the worse for wear?exhausted and stylishly disheveled,but without an explanation of what happened to his companions in Franceor how he got back to England in such a big fat hurry. In reality, hadthe officer made it back alive he'd undoubtedly have beencourt-martialed. Pitt's character apparently works for an especiallycasual branch of the wartime military.And in fact, Pitt's performance begins and ends with his physicalappearance and his costuming. The actor looks properly dapper anddashing in his military uniform, and his formal attire and civilianclothing are stylish. But any real attempt at characterization seems tohave been left behind either in Pitt's dressing room or in thesupermarket tabloids. Marion Cotillard, a genuinely talented actress who received an AcademyAward for her performance as Edith Piaf in 2007's La Vie en Rose, readsher lines?especially the occasional subtitled French-languagedialogue?with spirit and conviction. But she seems distracted, as ifshe's trying to remember somewhere else she's supposed to be. In one early scene, Pitt's character is described by Cotillard as apoker-playing expert. As a test, a German agent gives Pitt a deck ofcards to shuffle. After a brief pause to gain suspense?Can he doit??Pitt's character spends the next minute or two performing cardmaneuvers mesmerizing enough to make Houdini proud. But the filmmakers don't even bother to create the illusion that it'sPitt performing the tricks. Only in the last shot of the scene, inwhich the actor himself performs one clumsy little shuffle, does Pitt'sface appear in the same shot as the cards. That scene can serve as a metaphor for the entire picture. EssentiallyAllied is a clumsy diversion, a sleight-of-hand trick to distract theviewer from the fact that he's seen it all before, in better movies.Allied is a dumb movie masquerading as a smart one. If you want to seeattractive people in stylish clothes and colorful situations, this isthe movie for you. But if you want to see a compelling, believabledrama about wartime romance, skip it. Or better yet, just watch Casablanca again.