'Allied' has garnered a mixed reaction, on IMDb and with critics ingeneral. This is completely understandable, and the mixed reaction andthe reasoning for it mirrors my own feelings for the film. 'Allied' isnot a bad film, but from seeing the trailers (which strongly suggesteda film that would be more epic, more moving and more thrilling) to behonest was expecting a lot more.There is a lot to like about 'Allied'. Visually, it is a gorgeous film.The cinematography is rich in atmosphere and colour and is quite poetictoo, while the sets, scenery and costumes are evocative andeye-catching. The music by Alan Silvestri is neither too intrusive ortoo low-key, instead stirring when it needs to be and understated againwhen needed. There are some thrilling and harrowing moments as well assome poignant ones in the more intimate scenes, personally thought thecontroversial ending was quite emotional but can definitely see why itwon't work for some.Marion Cotillard gives a nuanced and deeply felt turn, nothing short ofsensational. Brad Pitt's performance has been criticised (as well asdefended), to me it was appropriately stoic, despite his characterbeing nowhere near as meaty as Cotillard's, and he was a worthy partnerfor Cotillard, a little cold in places but mostly fiery. The supportingcast are fine.On the other hand, the script and pacing are uneven. The script is'Allied's' biggest flaw, lacking plausibility in places, especially inthe mission scenes, having too much padding that's overlong and addslittle to nothing and some of the parts intended to be emotional laidit on too thick with the treacle and sentimentality. Much more couldhave been done with the psychological subtext, which would have madePitt's character more interesting and given the story more consistentsuspense and thrills.Pacing does drag badly frequently, primarily due to having superfluousscenes that lacked momentum and went on too long and also due to RobertZemeckis' quite disappointing direction. There are moments, but it is acase of getting the job done but in a workmanlike and tame fashion, notthe thrills and cleverness one expects from Zemeckis that is present inthe best of his work.In summary, had potential to be epic as a wartime romance, but doesn'tquite make it. Many great things, but a few big things that got in theway of fulfilling full potential. 6/10 Bethany Cox