I had high hopes for this movie because of Robert Zemeckis, Brad Pitt,and Marion Cotillard. I definitely went into it prepared for a WWIImovie, full of action and special effects. And to be clear, this moviecertainly DOES have action and special effects (what Zemeckis filmdoesn't?), but it goes beyond that. The actions scenes, when they do happen, are well choreographed and funto watch. They also earn the movie it's rating, and are brutal but notoverbearing. Marion and Brad are both convincing, proving to theaudience that they are well- trained spies who don't hesitate to kill.Something I found very interesting about this movie is that while it'snot primarily a war film, it did provide a very interesting look atwhat life was like for people. This was a time when people partied likethe world was ending. Drinks, drugs, sex, etc. But this was also a timewhen people sometimes watched planes get shot out of the sky. It's afascinatingly personal way of portraying the war, and the people livingthrough it.The special effects are stunning, Zemeckis seamlessly blending realityand effects. Many scenes are simply breathtaking. It's puzzling how themovie manages to be both classic and modern.As I mentioned though, this movie is more than just war and specialeffects. By the end, there are a few clear themes; putting what's bestfor those you love above your own needs, and trying your hardest tobelieve the best of/trust those closest to you. Even if it means youhave to break some rules, or even put your own life on the line. The ending, which some say is overly-sentimental, hit a chord thatworked for me. It showed the lengths people go to to protect theirfamily. However people complain about the Forest Gump ending, and thatone makes me cry almost every time I see it. So if I'm in the minorityhere, I'm not at all surprised.One last thing that I thought this movie did very well, was showingjust how difficult it would truly be for spies to fall in love. For thefirst half of the movie, the two are basically brought together anddrawn to each other because of their abilities. They live, supposedly,very similar lives. They are evenly matched. They fit together in everysense because of their mastery of espionage. And yet, once the twistcomes along, that same mastery of espionage is what tears them apart.Marion's ability to lie, once a great asset, is now their greatestenemy. It's a wonderful way to weave the story together, and makes forsome excellent tension as well as irony. Overall, Allied is absolutely a mix. It has espionage, it has war, ithas assassinations, it has parties, it has family, it hasromantic/steamy (quite steamy, might I add) moments, it has costumesand scenery, it has a mystery to be solved, etc. And some of thesethings it does magnificently. Some of these things it does justwell-enough. But it does it all. Which is more than can be said formost movies these days.This movie certainly deserves the R rating. There is nudity, multiplesex scenes, a decent amount of violence, language, drugs. If you are a fan of classic movies, watch it. Is it perfect? No, itcertainly has weak points and flaws. But overall I was thoroughlyentertained by it. It kept me on the edge of my seat, and I willdefinitely be buying this on Blu-Ray, hopefully with lots of insightinto how this film was made and what technologies Zemeckis used.