Greetings again from the darkness. Every writer, director and actordreams of being part of the next Casablanca ? a timeless movie belovedby so many. It's rare to see such a blatant homage to that classic, butdirector Robert Zemekis (Oscar winner for Forrest Gump) and writerSteven Knight (Dirty Pretty Things, Eastern Promises) deliver theirversion with an identical setting, nearly identical costumes, and there-use of a song ("La Marseillaise") which played such a crucial role.Spy movies typically fall into one of three categories: action(Bourne), flashy/stylish (Bond), or detailed and twisty (Tinker TailorSoldier Spy). This one has offers a dose of each blended with someromance and a vital "is she or isn't she" plot. The "she" in that lastpart is French Resistance fighter Marianne Beausejour played by MarionCotillard. Her introduction here is a thing of beauty, as she floatsacross the room thrilled to be reuniting with her husband Max Vatan. Ofcourse the catch is that Max is really a Canadian Agent and theirmarriage is a cover for their mission to assassinate a key Nazi. Yes,it's 1942 in Morocco.The two agents work well together and it's no surprise when thisescalates to a real romance between two beautiful and secretive people.It seems only natural that after killing Nazi's and making love in acar during a ferocious sandstorm that the next steps would be marriage,a move to London, and having a kid. It's at this point where viewerswill be divided. Those loving the action-spy approach will find theLondon segment slows the movie to a crawl. Those who preferintelligence gathering and intrigue may very well enjoy the second halfmore. What if your assignment was to kill your beloved wife if she weredeemed to be a double-agent? Max finds himself in this predicament, andsince no one ever says what they mean in the community of spies, heisn't sure if the evidence is legit or if it's really a game to testhis own loyalty. This second half loses sight of the larger picture ofwar, and narrows the focus on whether Max can prove the innocence ofMarianne ? of course without letting her know he knows something ? ormight know something.Marion Cotillard is stellar in her role. She flashes a warm andbeautiful smile that expertly masks her true persona. The nuance andsubtlety of her performance is quite impressive. Mr. Pitt does a nicejob as the desperate husband hiding his desperation, but his roledoesn't require the intricacies of hers. Supporting work comes viaJared Harris, Lizzy Caplan, August Diehl, Marion Bailey, SimonMcBurney, and Matthew Goode.The Zemekis team is all in fine form here: Cinematographer Don Burgesscaptures the feel of the era, Composer Alan Silvestri never tries tooverpower a scene, and Costume Designer Joanna Johnston is likelyheaded for an Oscar nomination. For a spy movie, the story is actuallypretty simple and the tension is never over-bearing like we mightexpect. While watching the performance of Ms. Cotillard, keep in mindher most telling line of dialogue: "I keep the emotions real." It's astrategy that is a bit unusual in her world. How effective it is willbe determined by the end of the movie.