The usual November World War II film, this year we have Allied which isall about an undercover couple who eventually marry each other but acertain obstacle is thrown their way...British intel believes that thewife is actually a German spy. Is the intel wrong? Is it love overhonour? Well you'll have to watch to find out for yourself, but I dorecommend you do so as this is a good old fashioned romance, with ahint of spy thrills. I must advise that you do go in expecting aromance, the trailers did market this as a thriller/action...it is not.Right, firstly let's get the obvious out of the way and say that MarionCotillard once again steals the film. She really is a class act. She isable to capture emotion through her face and not many actors can dothat (plus we finally get to see her speak a lot of French which isgreat for her). Brad Pitt was great, although essentially used to bethe bankable star and to get viewers to watch the film (ignoring thecurrent affairs of his love life), he could've been replaced by anyone.Due to the old fashioned style, this needs a great director and whobetter than Robert Zemeckis (Forrest Gump, Castaway and Flight). He isso confident and has such a fascinating nostalgic way of using thecamera. Such good camera placement particularly during a scene thatinvolves mirrors from a wardrobe to show a different character...veryclever and I admire that. The script however was hit or miss. At timesI felt that the script was captivating, I definitely became invested inthe couple and cared for what happens to them. The only problem is,there are several scenes which do not add to the story and actuallycreates pacing issues for itself which is a shame. Admittedly I'm not ahuge fan of WWII period dramas but the production and overallenvironment for the film was excellent, I couldn't fault it. I won'tspoil the ending but it did touch me and it was beautifully handled(although my partner actually did shed a tear, maybe I am emotionlessafter all). Overall, Allied was a decent romantic period drama with anincredible performance from Cotillard and outstanding direction fromZemeckis, although the script had inconsistent pacing.- Review at: http://www.themoviediorama.com