If a producer is going to deconstruct a genre, the producer owes it tothe audience to warn them early on (like in "Purple Rose of Cairo" or"Unforgiven"). This film, which has been lavishly praised, earns myvisceral hatred because it did not do so, and I frankly cannot recall amovie which has ever triggered that sort of reaction even though I haveseen thousands of them.I went to this movie because I was in the mood for a warm, "feel good"movie. The promo's and a goodly part of the film deliver that "feelgood" warmth, like The Artist, but this time, as an updated classicsong-and-dance film of the 1930's to 1950's. You can also see thehomages, like those to Astaire/Rodgers and Kelly, as well as a knowingglance to a key scene in "Rebel Without a Cause". Sounds just like whatI wanted.But about two-thirds of the way through, something begins to change (nospoilers here). The crack widens until the end, which at least onereview has called bittersweet. For me, I felt rage. I got conned,without warning, into seeing the kind of movie I did not want to see.So you bet I'm angry. In terms of the mechanics, the film does not quite follow the basiclines of an early song-and-dance musical. Invariably, there is asecondary subplot involving different characters who, depending on thefilm, build tension, contrast, or comic relief. None of that existedhere, although there were some opportunities which never bore fruit.Perhaps some more false leads by the writer? I saw them as distractingdead ends.There are also a number of plot holes which are annoying, a couple ofwhich involve cell phones and unexchanged cell phone numbers that wouldhave happened in real life. Any musical expects people to suspenddisbelief, but the suspension of disbelief is generally in the musicalparts, not the narrative.Two of the best parts of the movie were the acting by the two leads--excellent. They were also game at the singing and dancing, and clearlyworked darn hard to do a great job. But to be honest, Gosling's singing(a presumed effort to mimic Astaire's approach) was not good, andStone's dancing didn't hold a candle to a really trained, talenteddancer (like the lead in the opening number). You can make musicals which have twists, like the ending in West SideStory, but they don't pretend to be homages--they make it clear, upfront, they are something different. So, for ruining my Sundayafternoon, I give this movie a 1.