Noé has never been one for making upbeat, happy films and Love is nodifferent. It is, in essence, a love story, but moreover a lust storyabout how we can become imprisoned by our emotions via our need forvalidation and fulfilment. We can become captive physically,emotionally, situationally, psychologically. Love is told in typical Noé fashion: starting with the most recentevents, it draws us rearward in time through a series of flashbacksbefore simultaneously presenting us with the root cause of the direconsequences the past has wrecked for the main character, Murphy.Murphy is an American in Paris in film school. One day he meets thebeautiful artist Electra at a party and the two find that they havesimilar views on love, life and a shared need for intensity. Theyquickly form a relationship and their sex life is very healthy: theyhave sex frequently, intimately, closely, Electra at one pointchallenging Murphy to show her just "how tender" he can be.Unfortunately, acting out their sexual fantasies ends up proving thedemise of both their relationship and their freedom when they have athreesome with Omi, a slim, pretty 16 year old blonde who moves in nextdoor. Murphy continues a relationship with Omi behind Electra's backand Omi falls pregnant, deciding to keep the baby since she is "prolife" in contrast to Murphy who is "pro choice". Electra and Murphysplit, leaving him to bring up the child in his own flat with Omi, asituation with damages his freedom and his creativity, eventuallyleading to depression. Electra disappears and becomes uncontactable,most likely committing suicide, as she threatens to do if therelationship between her and Murphy collapses.The film heavily centres on the duality of the past and the present.Within Murphy's Paris flat, the past is usually lit in red, emphasisingexcitement, sexuality, passion, danger, risk. The present, on the otherhand, is lit in green, a safe, benign, calm, but slightly sickly colourbeing the opposite of the libidinous red. The 'red' scenes are mostlyat night whereas the 'green' scenes are in daylight with rain pouringdown outside, signifying the sadness of Murphy's inescapable situation.When Murphy is with Electra in the flat the flat is a mess: it is fullof film posters, books everywhere, it is a very much an artist's flat.With Omi it is stark, organised, clean, controlled. It is the flat of afamily man disciplined by his situation and his female. Murphy feelsconstantly trapped, keeping one shelf of his 'old life' tucked away inthe corner, his old life made entirely of memories of Electra. On theshelf is a VHS (not a DVD, again signifying age and format change) ofNoé's first film I Stand Alone, a nod to times gone by, personaldevelopment and the fact that, in the end, we are indeed all byourselves. Murphy remarks in his mind that when one invites a female tolive with them it's like "getting in bed with the CIA", absolutelyeverything is known, there is no privacy, no identity and littlefreedom.Of particular note is the sex in the film, which is explicit andfrequent. This is typical of Noé, he presents real-life situationsunglossed by some ultimative veneer. The sex in the film is not onlymeant to titillate but to show intensity and intimacy and the beauty ofcloseness between couples. It draws us into the moment, as it does thefeatured characters. But it also shows us the difference between typesof sex (and types of love): when Murphy and Electra are alone enjoyingeach other it is beautiful, close, almost enviable, but when they havetheir threesome with Omi it feels awkward at times, forced, maybe nothow they imagined. At one point in the long sex scene with Omi Murphypenetrates Omi from behind with Electra enjoying her on the other side:in this way it is the start of Omi 'getting between' the two of them. In essence, as with so much of Noé's work, Love is a warning. It is awarning about the consequences of making bad choices. Thebackwards-style storytelling shows how Murphy gets himself trapped in asituation through nothing but his own lust for Omi ? it is entirely hisfault after all ? and as he says the only thing he is good at is"f---ing things up". In the process of following his emotions, his ownlust and need for intimacy, he throws away his relationship withElectra, his creativity, his old life, whereas Omi also falls prey toher emotions by deciding to keep her child (her reasons for beingpro-life whilst also being a meat-eater appear emotional rather thanrational too, when challenged by Murphy on this point she has no reasonother than "well, it's different"). At the end of the film Murphy fantasies/reminisces about holdingElectra in the bathtub of his flat, where in reality he is now holdingGaspar, his child, with Omi outside in the hall, outside of hissubconscious. The borders of the screen shrink to a square to emphasisethe captivity of his situation, the white tiled walls of the bathroom,where his happy memories of Electra began, appearing now like the wallsof an asylum or a concentration camp. As is told so many times in thefilm, love is the greatest thing in life... but with great power comesgreat responsibility. Love of any kind can be beautiful, exciting,passionate and fulfilling, but it carries risks, and mistreated andunchecked, it can bring unwanted results. Love is more powerful than weoften care to admit to ourselves, and with this film Noé is showing usthe largely negative consequences of love on freedom. As Murphy is toldby one of his ex girlfriends: when you fall in love, you ultimatelylose out.