There's a point when the main character and voice-over narrator on Lovesays that he never sees a movie presenting "emotional sexuality". Sex,semen and blood, that's what people would like to see. Murphy is afilmmaker, or so he says. Actually, I think he is just a puppet toGaspar Noé intents in this too stereotyped film that had the bigambition to be innovative.Love has been creating some noisy around the world, and has been likethat since its premiere during Cannes. Explicit sex and love scenes on3D, that is how the movie has been known mostly. Despite the badreviews, I thought it would be at least interesting. It wasn't, at all.Before the first scene, there's a sign announcing the moment to put the3D glasses on. And so the terrible nonsense begins. At the very beginI've already realized this movie is just noisy. The sex is explicit andso, so boring, that I was begging to the characters to finish theirbusiness as soon as possible. What was announced as innovative, is just a bunch of clichés puttogether. It is filmmaking in its worse. Gaspar Noe thinks he knows somuch, and that he is above the other mere mortals. His condescendingarrogance is staggering, actually. I imagine him thinking: this worldis so mediocre, full of prude hypocrites, I'll show them how it's doneand make a movie about excruciating love and sex. So he started towrite it and finally realized it wouldn't be so easy. To talk aboutlife, and love, and sex it is necessary to be really alive, and notjust criticizing the other's ways from outside. Unable to write a truelove sexy story, he decided then to check every box that came to hismind relating to sex: explicit scenes, close on dicks, threesome, sexclubs, homosexual sex, trannies, public sex and so on. As if a close ona ejaculating dick would be the quintessence of a revolutionary speech.There's a bunch of unrelated scenes, as if the awful voice-over couldsucceed in giving them some meaning. An example: at one scene, the couple are lying on bed after sex, andfrom nothing, the guy asks the girl about her biggest fantasy. Sexual?she replies. Of course, he says. And she tells him how that she wouldlike have sex with him and a third woman, a blond with blue eyes. Thenext day or so, they are getting their mail when they meet the newneighbor: a sixteen blue eyed blond that are living next door. Afterthe badly filmed threesome, the guy says: thanks for Europe! (a placewhere eh would have a three way sex with a minor). Did you get theimage? So.Gaspar Noé, by his main character, affirms that there's not sexual lovestories on the screen. I think he never saw any of BernardoBertolucci's movies. Or the Spanish/French production Sex and Lucía, abeautiful story about love with stunning and heartfelt sex scenes (PazVega is incredible). Or even Betty Blue, for everybody's sake. Or even9 Songs - even with all the bad reviews, this one is actually honest.Sorry the rage, but it is inevitable. Noé should look better aroundhim, or, even better, he should head to the DVD section on a store andjust see how wrong he is. I've read how the acting here is terrible, and it is a fact. The actorsare not even able to walk naturally (it is so staged that hurts), letalone show deep feelings or have real sex. And despite what has beensaid, I don't think it is difficult to find good actors that wouldaccept to be a part of this project if it was a good one. At least hisprotagonist should have been more endearing - even if I'm not sure thatit would have saved this doomed story anyway. Because the problem hereis not just the bad acting, the lousy dialogues, the incredibly lousyand staged sex scenes. The main trouble in this movie is the sexist,arrogant, wrongful view about the world and people. And when afilmmaker start this way, there's nothing that can save him from theimpending doom. People were leaving the theater constantly, they were dropping likeflies. However, rather than doing that by how explicit the sex is, Ithink people did leave for the sole reason of how bad is this movie.It's unbearable in fact. And we see no end to it, two hours and fifteenminutes of sheer bad filmmaking. Not could be more far from deepemotion, an intense love story and visceral sex. (First published athttp://onemovieadaywithamelie.blogspot.com.br/2015/09/day-190-love-september15.html