Love, as it is titled, should be called Bored Whiny Man Child. Thisdirge clocks in at a whopping 2 hours and 15 minutes. I had to stop,walk away for a while and then return to watch this sniffling characteract out his hypocrisy in such myopic detail. The relationship betweenthe two principal characters is like oil and water. The only thing theyshare is a voracious appetite for sex, lots and lots of sex. The add athird person into the mix who winds up getting pregnant by the guywhich leads to the main couple breaking up. Since they all were in aménage à trois, that shouldn't have been an issue but it was. Thefemale leaves him and we spend the rest of the film exploring hismemories of her and him having more sex. They participate in orgies andhe gets mad because she's having sex with other guys. He can had funbut she can't. If your life is nothing but the sex, why should thatmatter especially if he can participate and she can't? And there liesthe quagmire with this presentation. This guy is totally immature. Youbecome bored with him and with him having sex. Closeups of him with hisexploding orgasms weren't shocking, innovative, wanted or move thepicture along. After a while, you just want this story to just wrap up.You wonder what is the point? There is nothing redeeming about it. Theother female character who has had his child is completely ignored. Sheis just another prop instead of exploring that dynamic of how they aredealing with a child together. Instead, we find his character crying inthe bathtub with the toddler. And you have to ask yourself once again,the time he and his old girlfriend were together appears to be at leastthree years because you have to factor in the time the girl waspregnant and then you jump in time to see a toddler at least two yearsold. So why did his old girlfriend/s mother call him about her and whydid he just started thinking about someone who hasn't been in his lifefor a long time? The writing was just poor. This guy was suppose to besome aspiring filmmaker. He is neither aspiring or making films andfilming your naked girlfriend on a small video camera doesn't qualifyyou one bit. That aspect of the character was totally ignored as well.This was just bad. If you want to see if because of the unsimulated sexscenes, I would advise just watch some 5 minute porn clip and avoidthis colossus time waster.