**Big SPOILER ALERT** Was looking forward to this film, but had towatch in agony from its beginning as a Pepsi commercial to its endingas a Coca Cola commercial. Shocking that this pallid film is beingfeted for something it is not. Emma Stone, someone who is hard to watchin long extreme closeups throughout the film and Ryan Gosling exhibitno charisma or charm. Their dancing tries to be cute and romantic butis clumsy. The music is dirge-like and not uplifting. The producersshould have used more professional musical performers, ones who caninspire when they sing and/or dance. Gosling talks about jazzthroughout the film, but we hardly hear any good jazz, especially notthe jazz greats he talks about. So how are we to know what is the greatjazz that inspired him? His friend says "Jazz is the future." But inreality it's the present, being created as it's played. All of asudden, Stone, the aspiring actress who shows no acting talentwhatsoever, decides to become a playwright without showing any abilityor work, except for having an apartment covered with photos of classicmovie stars. The banal dialogue, superficial characters and overly longscenes are embarrassments. Stone comes into her old coffee shop andasks for two iced coffees. Immediately a guy standing there puts down atray with two iced coffees in front of her. Glaring continuity problemthere. Throughout the film in almost every scene there is nary a personwho is over thirty. The casting people never cared to hire people whoreflected the real world, fantasy or not. If the music had been tunefuland clever, the film would be somewhat better. As it is it is dull. hecharacters exist in a vacuum with no backstory. Only interesting aspectto this film is some of the recognizable Hollywood locations, butlocations do not a film make. If anyone still watches theself-aggrandizing Academy Awards, it will be cringe-worthy if this filmwins any awards except for production manager or art director. It's asad state of affairs that this film is considered in high esteem. Thataccolade belongs to "Singin' in the Rain," "The Band Wagon," "Gigi,""Oklahoma,""South Pacific," "Top Hat,""Wizard of Oz," and films byAstaire, Kelly, Powell, Miller, Charisse, Garland, Crosby, Sinatra,Grable, Keel, and all the great stars who truly were musical comedyclass acts. Their talents made even B films a joy to watch.