You know when you're watching a film that you just don't want to end,and when it does end you feel as if you could watch it all over againright there and then? I had that feeling with La La Land, the new filmfrom Damien Chazelle, who blew us all away with Whiplash a few yearsago.With La La Land, Chazelle has made an irresistible musical comedy-dramathat serves up a real delight for the eyes and ears. If you haven'theard of this film yet (where have you been?), I'm sure you will do inthe coming months.Mia Dolan (Emma Stone) is an aspiring actress serving coffees to filmstars while Sebastian Wilder (Ryan Gosling) is a jazz pianist playing asmall time bar to make ends meet. The two meet and fall in love butit's their dreams of success that soon threaten to tear them apart.The most striking thing about La La Land is just how beautifullycrafted a film it is; the story, performances, music, dance numbers andcinematography all playing their part in making this such anunforgettable cinematic experience. I genuinely can't find one singlefault in this film.Chazelle proves yet again just how mature he is for such a youngfilmmaker, writing and directing such a touching and often funny lovestory with a meticulous energy. The whole feel of the film is athrowback to the golden age of musicals, a decision a lot of filmmakerswould have been too scared to make yet the pay off is massivelysatisfying. The gorgeous cinematography from Linus Sandgren brings the city of LosAngeles to life, awash with colour, while his swift camera-work,including some impressive long takes, in particular through the dancenumbers, immerses the audience right in the middle of this dreamlikemusical.Coming to the performances, La La Land features two superb leadperformances from Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, both giving arguablytheir best performance to date. Gosling has really grown on me as anactor, maturing into one of the best in the business today. He provedearlier this year that he has a knack for comedy in The Nice Guys andhe proves it yet again here. Stone always manages to impress me and sheis dazzling in La La Land, singing and dancing her way into our hearts.The pair share an undeniable chemistry and I would love to see themboth get the recognition they deserve come awards season.Justin Hurwitz's score and the original songs in La La Land, along withthe wonderfully choreographed dance sequences, including a greatopening number that sets the tone for the rest of the film, heightenthe film's level of originality, maintaining that energy Chapelle'sfilms possess.I dare you to try and not fall in love with La La Land. I fell in lovewith it and I'm sure many more will do so too.