People whom watch this movie, they may get it in three ways:1- Majority of people: A good porno movie with lots of nice eroticscenes. This people may take shower after watching the movie! 2- Somepeople whom read books and they think they are thinker!: This movie wastalking about freedom of relationship and sex! (some admire it and someothers against it) 3- Few people whom watch movies very carefully andthink deeply!, They maybe agree with previous two, but: They think thismovie was a political message!!!??What? Porno movie and Politic?! What are you talking about, you Di*khead?!Film immediately starts by a scene when boy and girl are playing witheach other sexual organ (masturbating), and they satisfied by this way,just hand-jobs, nothing else, even sucking!An American boy who was wearing green military jacket! had relationshipwith a French girl who was wearing Red dress. From the beginning to theend they hadn't serious relationship although they said to each other "I love you". Both of them cheated each other (though we didn't see anycheat from the girl, just the boy imaginations).French girl said to the American boy "I want F*k you all the time"!.The "ultimate fantasy" was "F*king" another girl (two girls and oneboy), and they did it. Also later in movie, the girl told the boy: Youwanted to F*k 2 girls, we did it, now I want to F*k 2 men".The voice over the beginning of movie said that the boy dislike hiswife and family he created, even he said they took his place! and he issick of this "bit*h"!OK, let me tell you why this movie is a political message, from myview:When they F*ed the blonde girl together, and she became pregnant, itbecame the main problem between the boy and the girl. Tough Americanboy made the blonde girl pregnant in another day when they were alonewithout the French girl, but don't forget idea of sleeping with 2 girlswas ultimate fantasy of the French girl, it was her idea!One eye (the girl eye), when boy and girl are watching 3D photos,talking about death and both wearing black shirt, one eye (freemasonwatching eye).look at the freeze pictures after this time 0:48:00(handsup, peace, submission, killing, death)In the movie, you can see the Freemason symbols everywhere.Masterpiece of the movie was dialogs between French police officer andthe boy at the café: - here is France, different than America - forgetyour American feeling about possession and ownership, war, violence -Think like American in 60, f*k a woman in the back of a woman youlove!, it develops your confidence and your trust - I feel (fill) mysexuality in good way! - I don't beat people - You can pick up any girlyou want or you can watch, I LOVE WATCHING! At the end of movie, boyand girl were taking shower together, boy asked the girl to promisethey will protect each other no matter what happen. Why he asked forprotect, why not love, why not let's have a relationship, why not marryme? This question, the boy military jacket and conversation between theboy and police officer, tells me this movie is not about sex, f*k,relationship or whatever!It was a message from Freemasons of French to Americans politicians orAmerican Freemasons. That's all.You can call me stupid, but remember that two times in the movie,director, splashed sperm on your face, you as a watcher!"The management warns you, if you have weak nerves or stomach, do notattend"The message was: Do not make war and violence, don't F*k-up thesituation, don't F*k your trust and confidence, when you f*k a countrydon't own it, share it with others.Unfortunately, whenever I write a review, I write minimalist! just bynoting to the main points of the movie, the rest you should get it byyourself, watch the movie again, and this time don't let the hot eroticscenes force you to become a Di*k-head without brain ;)Cinematography was great, music was OK, acting was not bad. I rate it7, as a lucky number Freemasons love it!