Mild plot spoiler (and like any Noe movie I think you ought to justignore any synopses or reviews and simply see it for yourself): this isthe story of two lovers, how they meet, how their romance develops, howthey learn about each others desires, their past relationships. Sex isa drug, and these characters are junkies. The first hit draws them in,and as they chase the dragon with each other, trying to make each hitas momentous as the last, their relationship evolves, blossoms, andsuffers. The movie, set in Paris, moves non-chronologically through Murphy's (anAmerican film student) recollection of his relationship with Electra, aFrench artist, both of them in their early or mid-20s. Scenes arestrung together like jumbled photographs, pieces of each recalling orreferencing another memory. The film is told from Murphy's point ofview, and yet he's not a completely likable character, displaying hugestreaks of jealousy and hypocrisy. Electra is mysterious at first, thenwe learn more as we go deeper into Murphy's memory.This is a visually beautiful movie. The lighting is dark butexpressive, the framing of the scenes is exquisite, and scenes cut inand out like the blink of an eye. The opening scene is bold and erotic,but at the same time, tender and intimate. There is a lot of sex inthis movie, but it's not there to be gratuitous. Each sex scene isdifferent, portraying the desires and moods of the characters involved. Like many of Noe's movies an underlying theme is that of a stranger ina strange land. In Enter the Void, the characters are Americans inTokyo. Here of course Murphy is struggling with his ability to handle arelationship with a French woman with more open ideas of commitment.It's not absolute though; her world is changed too by Murphy'sinterpretation of the very fluidity she seems to be encouraging. A particularly poignant part of of the movie has a sympathetic Frenchpoliceman lecturing the hot-headed American Murphy on his aggressiveand destructive attitudes about sex and relationships. At this pointthe officer is voicing a key part of what I think Noe's philosophyabout love and sex. Murphy and Electra decide to take the officer'sadvice, but it doesn't quite work out as planned, and it's seems likeNoe is saying, "here is how I think it ought to be, and yet I couldstill be wrong."At one point, Murphy asks a character what the best thing in life is,and the response without hesitation, is "Love." He follows up by askingwhat the second is. And without hesitation, the answer is, "sex." Thismovie is about love and sex, how they influence one another, and howthey can destroy one another. There's a sense of humor running through the movie, which is expressedin several mild in- jokes about the director, and one particularlyshocking (yet delightful: the audience at the screening I sat inerupted into happy cheers) use of 3D. It's not a movie for everyone,nevertheless it is quite a movie.