La La Land is a triumph on so many levels. It hooks you from thebeginning with its big opening number on the highway and has your heartfluttering in the club at the end. Damien Chazelle has proved himselfto be one of the most talented directors/screenwriters in film rightnow.The film gets you with its charm. It flows from the dialogue likepoetry. The chemistry between Stone and Gosling makes the filmlivelier. Stone has slowly shown herself as a force to be reckon within Hollywood and now Gosling has join the ranks after his stellarperformance as the jazz pianist who's main dream is watch jazz live on.Stone is a wanna be actress who can't find her way. Together, theythrive off each other's love and support as they try to accomplishtheir goals together. Each have a chance at their first Oscar gold.What else helps is a beautiful score and extremely well written songs.I found myself humming "City of Stars" all night long, already savingthe soundtrack on every music platform I could. The music and dancenumbers are a perfect blend of Gene Kelly musicals and morecontemporary stuff like Chicago. The production design helps with thiswith bright, vivid colors abound from the walls of a passing buildingto Emma Stone's dress. A charming film only works when all cylindersclick. This one was clockwork.Like Whiplash, the editing is superb, timing well with the score,making it very appealing to the eye. But the cinematography was mindblowing. Able to capture those big production numbers with long swiftcuts made it very astonishing. Not a moment seemed overlooked orunderdeveloped. Each scene was extremely well thought out to cause thebiggest "awe" effect, or to provide strong symbolism. But the ending is what can really make or break a movie. This one makesit 10x better. It goes away from the predictable musical ending whilewrapping up the movie in fellow swoop, opening the audiences' eyes tothe entire meaning of the story, beyond the theme of follow yourdreams. The idea that dreams are possible when you are willing tostrive for them, but life isn't your own la la land. Everything doesnot end perfectly.When combining all these elements together, you get one of, if not thebest film of the year. In a year where things became bitter, thisreally ends the year on a high note. Cheers to the dreamers, the menand women behind the making of this musical classic.