The new Hollywood musical with the intriguing title "La-La-Land one ofthe most talked about motion pictures in recent years with two ofHollywood's most attractive and popular younger generation stars, RyanGosling and Emma Stone, can best be summed up in a single threesyllable word ~~. PA-THE-TIC!-- Gosling, in spite of a name that makes one think of goose liver, isindeed quite handsome in the traditional Hollywood leading man mold,but when it comes to acting or personality he is no Cary Grant or JimmyDean, and as far as dancing goes he couldn't carry the jock strap ofeither Gene Kelly or Fred Astaire. His love interest and dancingpartner, Emma Stone, a lissome (skinny) redhead with gigantic blueeyes, and no breasts to speak of, is a much better dancer, andgenerally a far better actor, but seems to have aged considerably sinceher extraordinarily vivid interpretation of a sexy young college co-edin love with her murderous philosophy prof in Woody Allen's "IrrationalMan" just two years ago. In this picture she is in facial closeup muchof the time but looks haggard, worn, and older than she is supposed toaccording to the story. The dance numbers seem to be an attempt at ahomage to Astaire and Ginger Rogers in slow motion, but they are sobadly set and choreographed that after a while they just becomeannoying. One particular Gosling Stone duet set in the L.A. Planetariumis so ridiculous with them antigravitationally traipsing on thin airagainst a galaxy of stars that it is downright embarrassing. The younglovers are clearly meant for. each other but their divergent careerdreams and aspirations, she as an actress he as a Charley Parker typeserious jazz musician, keep them apart in the wake of arbitrary scriptmanipulations that seem so phony you get the feeling the actors had tokeep asking themselves, "Hold on a sec --what were we supposed to bedoing in that last scene?" Pathetic scripting, pathetic unmotivateddance scenes arbitrarily inserted, then ineptly executed -- patheticunfocused direction - no wonder Mia (Stone) and Sebastian (Gosling)have such pained expressions on their pretty faces all the time. Iactually felt sorry for Emma in some scenes suspecting that she mayhave been physically unwell while going through the motions. I keptlooking at my watch wondering if this thing was ever going to end. Therunning time was 128 minutes but it felt more like five hours. Thefinal credits with handsome art-deco lettering were a great relief whenthey finally came up and put this picture out if its misery. No moreDamien Chazelle for me. He also directed another sado-masochisticabomination entitled "Whiplash". Give me Mondo Cane ... Bottom line: Afilm almost as dopey as its dumbbell La-dee-da title.