It is a 2:04 hours movie.Take out all the scenes where they present you with genitalia and youhave a bit over one hour left. If it was a philosophical movie, perhapsthere would be a part of the sex sequences that carried more meaning -but there is no such relief in this movie.We are presented with a stereotypical immature, selfish, arrogant,possessive young male studying cinema in Paris - apparently only to getstoned and laid. He meets this sweet, proactive, sexually empoweredyoung woman that also enjoys drugs. Not the least stereotypical, as shefalls for him with deep and unbridled love. His love is also deep buthe is the villain here, so he get as many other women as the time nothaving sex with his official one allows.She notices it (who wouldn't, at this rate?) and tells him she also hashad her escapades. He makes scene after scene, including beating up herlover (an ex- boyfriend). He tries to bully a police officer inside apolice station.She stands by him in another stereotypical situation.Then this monster gets the pretty blonde underage neighbour girlpregnant. This is where she draws the line. Notwithstanding the factthat she was the one that suggested they get another woman in bed.Despite the fact that she made the move to invite the blondie.Then she goes down into a spiral of drugs and alcohol, shutting him offher life completely.Once more, stereotypes.He keeps the blondie, they have a little boy (that he names after thechild he and the lost love dreamt to have together - stereotype,anyone?) and, as he drags himself in a pool of self-pity and despair(which does not go unnoticed by said blondie), comes the news that theoriginal girl has been missing for a couple of months.Then he spends a full day calling people to try and find her. In themeanwhile, blondie leaves with the boy, telling him to finish his pastso they could have a future.Obviously, he doesn't find her - which doesn't preclude his opium-induced dreams of her to interrupt all the time.There is a very awkward scene with him and the child in the bathtub,after blondie's face tells us she will leave him.And the movie ends with him and original girl embraced under the showerprofessing endless love and protection.Oh! Did I mention that it is partly filmed backwards, as 'Irreversible'was? By the way, they used a very similar setting - an undergroundpassage - in one of the sequences. Check it out:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290673/?ref_=nv_sr_1 Or that this theme ofintense, destructive, drugged and short-lived love was way betterportrayed in 'More'? Also, a good part of the soundtrack comes fromPink Floyd.... See it:(http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064694/?ref_=fn_al_tt_2In other words, apart from all the sex, this is a derivative, shallowand unworthy movie...The '3' I gave the movie is for photography and soundtrack. Really goodin all scenes, conveys mood and context.The rest is crap.