"La La Land" is NOT a top-notch musical in the company of greatmusicals like "West Side Story," "An American in Paris," "Gigi," "TheSound of Music," (I could go on and on). It's a wanna-be musical thatseems to owe its appeal by being seen as an homage to these earliermusicals -- without being a worthy musical on its own merit.Apparently, given its high rating, it's also being rated by people whohaven't seen these great musicals (to realize how bad "La La Land" is).On the positive side, Emma and Ryan are very nice "eye candy" and dosome nice acting which helps to redeem this movie from being a completewaste. But this is a MUSICAL where leads need to sing and/or dance. Andperhaps our culture has gotten so used to watching non-singers sing andnon-dancers dance in TV shows such as "Dancing with the Stars," thatit's completely appropriate to have the two leading characters bepeople who can neither sing nor dance. But let's not pretend -- EmmaStone and Ryan Gosling cannot sing or dance. Musically, there really isn't a ton of music. Although it started offlooking like a musical with a big production number, there's verylittle music in the middle of the movie. A few of the songs areappealing, but none are show-stoppers or particularly memorable (no onewould hum a tune from "La La Land" when leaving the theater). Andalthough musicals tend to have songs that reflect the story-line, "LaLa Land" has mostly done away with that convention. (Oh, that must bewhy it's gotten awards!) Instead, we have a few songs used as themesthat are repeated in the movie. What about the story? It's really a fairly standard romantic trope, butwithout the standard ending. (Oh, that's got to be worthy of an award!) The movie is also rather long -- someone should have edited it (a lot).The cinematography seemed fake (too much color?), and I hated thecamera work -- hand-held dizzy-work in some scenes and too too manyclose-ups of Emma.Most people feel compelled to see "La La Land" given the number ofawards and nominations, but it's not really worth the time. Go rent"Grease" or "Cabaret" instead.