"La La Land" is an American romantic musical comedy-drama film writtenand directed by Damien Chazelle in 2016. After its' success at the 74thGolden Globe Awards, I couldn't give a go by the musical that set arecord and won seven awards, including Best Motion Picture Musical orComedy, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Screenplay, BestOriginal Score, and best Original Song. What can I say after finallywatching this film? Well, best wishes to the New Hollywood Era. YourGolden Age has gone.The idea of recreating and breathing a new life in outstanding musicalsof Golden Age if Hollywood turned out a complete fiasco. "La La Land"is full of weird clichés, awful mise en scène, poorly rehearsed dancingactions, and doubtful twists in the plot. Furthermore, the productiondepartment failed to make outstanding shots as well as edit them in aright way with a good taste. I won't even start to complain about badcolor correction and sound. Seriously? For the budget in thirty milliondollars they couldn't produce clear recording that is supposed to be anumber one factor in musical? Bad for them.The first scene on the highway gave me full understanding that thismusical is just a frustration. The dancers probably failed to join oneof the Step Up movies and were redirected to "La La Land" as a joke.Choreography is terrible when the viewer can't see it as a wholeaction, or focus on main characters. Choreography in "La La Land" ismore than terrible. I was laughing. Not in a good way. And again it isone of the main parts of such genre as musical. The plot itself is boring and slow. There is no progression and nodrive that brings the will to continue watching it. Half of actions andscenes were added and shown with no particular reasons to show them.Actually, there is no evident chemistry between the two protagonists.What is kind of shameful, especially because of the fact that it is notthe first project, where Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone play together.Come on guys, show some love for each other. Some drama at least. Theirrelationship on stage was more comedic than tremulous.Acting. One of the strangest things for me is to watch the GoldenGlobe's Best Actress in a movie where she can barely act. On the onehand, she was supposed to be a failed actress, who went her journey andreached her goals. But on the other hand, Emma Stone haven't done agood job in the general scenes also. Regarding Ryan Gosling, hispassion for Jazz was overacted, as he has no passion at all. Besides,as a musician myself, It was a pain watching his performances. It wasso obvious that he just can't play piano. I almost closed my eyes, so Ican only lose myself in music. As well as in their dancing scenes. Itlooked too lame. To sup up, "La La Land" is a pure frustration mixed with some dramaticcomedy. I can't call it a musical with a capital "M." Actually, I can'tcall it a musical at all. No good music, no good sound, no gooddancing.