I've joined the hype train and I got really burned. This film wasmostly bad. How in the world it won so many awards?First of all, E S and R G can't sing to save their lives. E S got onlyone song which she really sang using her chest voice and I don't reallythink it was her voice because of the discrepancy of what she sangpreviously up to that point. This film has no plot. It's like a musicalversion of Fifty Shades of Grey without the "action", distilled forkids, reaching really cringe-worthy moments. The love story is aHollywood cliché, sterile and devoid of any real meaning or connectionto reality. I'm really confused about the music, since this is what I've been doingfor the past twenty years to make a living. Most of the songs aresomewhat immature in the composition manner while their arrangementsare quite beautiful. They are not close to how a true pedigree musicalshould sound like. They feel like the cheap version for a true musical,especially considering that the film goes to great lengths tosubstitute the ineptitude of the lead actors / singers with many manyinstrumental parts that most of the time feel inadequate, even thoughthe orchestration and the mixing, in theory, is flawless. The wholemovie revolves around just one melodic motif which gets overused reallyfast. Most of the arrangements are well executed, yet simplistic inmanner with mostly appearance over essence. It's like reading achildren's book. For me, that illustrates overreaching, without thenecessary experience or profoundness to fully grasp the importantconcepts one is trying to say. The elements that constitute the moviejust don't synergize good enough with each other to make it work.However there are several jazz arrangements that stand out of thecrowd, and there's even a pop song which is pretty dope. I think it wasthe high point of the movie. The film digs deep into its technicality to recreate the look and feelof the golden age of American cinematography. It uses almost all thetricks in the book: they dress the extras in very earthy colors and theleads in bright and vivid colors so they can really stand out, the useof silhouettes, a lot of floodlight reminiscent of carbon arclightning, classic red green blue primaries color palette which is atrue beauty to behold in several scenes. They used old anamorphiclenses, they color graded the footage as to be reminiscent of theglorious Technicolor age and its 3 strip process. The sets arebeautiful. All this requires tremendous work and it really shinesthroughout the film. The team that was in charge of the technicalaspects is top notch first class hands down no question. And here liesthe true sadness: what it is and what it could have been. La La Land has many nods to different classic films. It clearly paysrespects to Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire. And here lies another bigproblem. Those guys were Gods with shoes on. Compared to them, R G is aworld class grade A dilettante. He's a good actor, whatever, but hisdancing skills reminds me of that show Dancing With the Stars at most,which I always zapped away from. The film pays respects and nods atmany old classics, while itself achieving nothing except basking in apool of mediocrity, and worse, it's getting big time rewarded for it.No! That's just wrong. It's a disturbing trend and a symptom of a muchgreater and complex problem our society suffers from. It's likeanti-vaxers for art.The ending is the lowest point for this film. I'm obviously notspoiling it, but it will leave you wanting your money back. For me itwas the killing blow. If there's a word to describe this wholeexperience, it's kitsch. For a comedy, it's barely funny and apart fromthe technical aspects which are really good, there is very little ofmovie metamaterial that could hold up under close scrutiny whencompared to the great classics, or even other modern musicals for thatmatter. I'm sorry.