I don't usually write negative reviews. But since this movie isstealing all the awards so far, and some people are calling that dull &cheesy film "a masterpiece" I felt forced to write something. LLL is amovie made from plastic. It is full of clichés and a it has a fakearoma of nostalgia.The beginning does have neither weight nor meaning. The director onlywants to tell us here, in case we don't notice afterwards, that thismovie is a musical. Good for him, because who could have guessed thatwith all the bad singing and the bad dancing!The love story is completely predictable and fake for the first hour orso, until the first fight.Somebody has said that this film is a super-white film about 2"baby-dreamers", and I completely agree. Where is the Art? Where is thereal struggle? There are today millions of people dying from hunger,wars, violence, and incurable diseases, and to sink because a playdidn't turn out how you expected or you cannot be the jazz pianistnumber one is really childish. Good things: the cinematography and the flashbacks are very good. Theend is the best. That turn is actually original but does not make anysense any way. Let's not forget that the girl and the boy are wherethey are because she was depressed for her career failure. So, the turndoes not actually make any sense. The jazz is good too (I mean, theREAL jazz musicians). And Ryan Gosling (who is OK in the film but notamazing) is actually playing the piano, which, in a Hollywood movie isalready a lot. Annoying things: the worst is, in my opinion, Emma Stone. I neverunderstood her "talent". She is just a "pretty" face with a skinny(anorexic?) body who seems to think she is too good to prepare for herroles. Her singing & dancing are awful. Let's remember that inIrrational Man (I love Woody Allen!) she didn't even bother taking apiano lesson for her role of "pianist". Her hairdo is very annoying(she always seems to have just come out from the hairdresser) and Inever understood why she cannot appear in even one frame without makeup. How this mediocre actress won the Golden Globe for BP by an Actressin a MP - Musical or Comedy in stead of the amazing Meryl Streep or theamazing Annette Bening shows how Hollywood is losing it. And the factthat she won the SAG Award (Outstanding Performance by a Female Actorin a Leading Role) in stead of Meryl Streep or Natalie Portman showshow this movie has blinded Hollywood. The most hilarious thing would bethat she wins the Oscar (and, sadly, she probably will), being in thesame category as Ruth Negga (who made an stunning performance inLoving), Meryl Streep (always amazing and always great), NataliePortman and Isabelle Huppert (one of the best European actresses oftoday). But, hey, if Sandra Bullock got and Oscar in 2010, Stone coulddefinitely get one too!Gosling can play the piano but he definitely cannot sing: his voicedoes not have any power and it sounds like olive oil. His dancing is,as his partner's, mediocre. How come he ended wining the Golden Globefor BP by an Actor in a MP - Musical or Comedy in stead of Hugh Grant(who gave his best performance ever in FFJ) is a real mystery. Luckily,and for the sake of Art, he didn't get the SAG Award (who went to theamazing Denzel). The clichés of LLL are endless: girl meets boy and atfirst they hate each other but after they like each other. The detailwith the famous actress who enters in the Café is also predictable. Andhow rude (not cool) is to refuse an invitation! There are lots of holesin the movie. Boy and girl keep bumping into each other in a city ashuge as LA, and many more, but I am not going to tell them because Idon't want to reveal the plot and turns of the movie. 14 Oscar nominations? Give me a break! As somebody said, it's theendless story about Hollywood in love with itself. Pity, I willdefinitely not watch the Oscars this year. There were lots of reallygreat movies this year and they did not get 14 Oscar nominations:Collateral Beauty, Loving, Hidden Figures, Lion, Moonlight, Elle,Florence Foster Jenkins, Smrt u Sarajevu, Fences... LLL should have got1 Oscar nomination only (cinematography, Sandgren).The whole movie, even if it features some great black jazz musicians,has a white-ish taste that is unbearable. I don't care AT ALL if theactors are white, black, yellow, orange or green. But this cheesy moviewith 2 black actors definitely wouldn't have got 14 Oscars nominations.Why? Because from the 6,000 Academy members, 73% are men, 27% women;89% are white, and only 11% are people of color. The age average is 60years old (that can explain the love for this mediocre musical (I wouldnot call it a musical, because in the musicals the actors actually knowto sing and know to dance). The world is, sadly, still very racist.That's why many people are calling this film White White Land for areason. That LLL is stealing all the awards and probably will also steal manyOscars shows the decadency of cinema today in the US. Either that orpeople are really bored and need an empty and cheesy love story to beentertained. I think that Hollywood should learn from that reality thatEuropean cinema knows to depict, away from clichés and empty lovestories, away from pretty actors with fake hairdos and plastic bodies.If LLL has achieved something is that: a new line of decadence,clichés, and cheesiness in American cinema.