'Love' will most likely be discredited by many due to it's sheerhonesty, like many films of it's kind are. Yet this honesty, as brutaland daring as it might seem, feels necessary to connect with andunderstand what the characters are going through, on an entirely newemotional level. In the words of Murphy, Gaspar Noe might have made theonly movie that truly depicts 'sentimental sexuality'. 'Love' has many subtle and not-so-subtle references to the underlyingstory and to the director himself. Gaspar's mother is named NoraMurphy, while Murphy's son is named Gaspar and Electra's ex boyfriend -Noe. His favorite movie is Kubrick's '2001', while hers is Lang's 'M',both of which seem to fuel Murphy and Electra's behavior throughout themovie, where Murphy is often aimlessly overwhelmed with hope anddesire, while Electra seems unable to forgive.Gaspar Noe constantly cuts through the past and the future, using thetechniques he is so familiar with since Irreversible. The movieabruptly switches between various stages of Murphy's and Electra'srelationship, always cutting back to the present, where Murphy's is inabsolute emotional agony and despair, raising a child with Clara. At times Murphy and Electra are so deeply engrained in one another thattheir fights and dialogues seem outright comical and immature, as if weare observing a 16 year- old couple. But this is truly where 'Love'stands out. Being in love feels and looks exactly like this, it's raw,emotional and brutal yet foggy and sweet; when no one else exists ormatters.In one of Electra's and Murphy's conversations they talk about the sadreality that they are going nowhere and dragging each other down, theydiscuss taking a break. It is an extremely sad and emotional scene,where the thought itself brings so much fear into them, that theysimply end up holding each other even tighter.The script for 'Love' is only 7 pages long. It is full of beautiful andweird dialogues and extremely emotional, 'free-played' graphic scenes.These scenes however are not there to impress the viewer or open thedoors to the unknown. This is also not a nymphomaniac-like sexualexploration. Gaspar Noe does a masterful job in showing us the trueemotional aspect of love, in it's raw and relatable form, sex.The sound-score is stunning, with the music gradually changingdepending on the mood and the context of the scenes. Even though a lotof times it seems like we are watching the same people 'fuck' in thesame positions, different context, feelings and music make each ofthese scenes truly unique and mesmerizing on it's own. Noe also does a wonderful job in his minimalistic depiction of thestory and the scenery. Murphy and Electra always wear contrastingcolors, while the background is usually very simple yet fitting to themboth. As if to say that when in love, everything should be seen throughthe eyes of the lovers. 'Love' might sometimes seem silly, overly graphic and way toosentimental, yet it hits all the right notes.