I always have problems with beginnings ? the beginning of an article,the beginning of a film, the beginning of a relationship, simplybecause beginnings are crucial in setting the tone and pattern thatwill lead you all the way through till the end. Naturally beingaffected by all the negative social media propaganda that Gaspar Noé'sLove (2015) has stirred, I was reluctant to even begin watching itbecause I am inclined to believe that films with explicit sexualcontent (except for Lars von Trier's Nymphomaniac, and I will tacklewhy in another review) are made either to sell like cheap porn forlucrative reasons or to assume a false air of originality andexperimentation. I have finally decided to watch Love after it wasrecommended by a trusted friend of mine, and at the end of the day, onehas to constantly push their limits in terms of artistic tolerance.Back to the beginnings, Love begins with a three-minute scene taken inone shot by a steady camera of two people having what seems to be ? andwhat actually turns out to be ? unsimulated sex. After overcoming myfeelings of discomfort, I started to understand what the Argentiniandirector is trying to do here. Is it a pornographic scene? Itdefinitely is. But is it meant to be sexually arousing? I would have toargue for a no. Sexual excitement requires a certain amount ofbuild-up, but jumping directly and unexpectedly into the act generatesnothing but feelings of shock and unease that would need some time tofade away.The story then unfolds in a backward linear plot. We are introduced toMurphy (the man in the opening sex scene), a frustrated young man wholives in a small apartment in Paris with his detached girlfriend andtheir son. The memory-evoked reversed narrative is instigated by avoice message he receives from the mother of his ex-girlfriend Electra(the woman from the opening sex scene), asking for his help to find herdaughter. The man and the woman from the first sex scene are no longerstrangers; we get to see how they broke up, how they managed theirrelationship, and finally how they met, with a heap of very longunsimulated sex scenes in between.As a voyeur (a person who discreetly watches other people in intimate,usually sexual, positions) I was extremely confused since the enjoymentelement was missing. Is it because the sex scenes were too many, toolong, too real, or too unnecessary? In one of the scenes Murphy says,as a cunning gesture to voice Gaspar Noé's desire, his biggest dream isto make a movie like no other that truly portrays sentimentalsexuality. He also tells Electra: "I want to make movies out of blood,sperm and tears. This is like the essence of life. I think moviesshould contain that, perhaps should be made of that." Well, we see alot of sperm and tears in that film, there is no doubt about it. It istrue Love depicts relationships from an exceptionally crude, raw angleI have never seen before. Sex in cinema ? and in life in general ? isan uncanny subject; it lies at the essence of everything, everybodyknows it is there, yet nobody talks about it overtly.. not in realisticterms at least. The film feels emotionally real. Too real. And not justwhen it comes to sex, but also to dialogue and performance. In onescene, Murphy tries to get Electra back and he keeps knocking on herdoor, after a few seconds she opens the door, apparently under theinfluence of drugs, and screams at him in the most deranged manner youcould ever imagine. The camera does not move; it feels like a terrifiedneighbor watching the scene from the stairs. Most of the cameramovement and angles follow the same pattern throughout the movie: theneutral uninvolved medium shot. Mid-film I realized it was not the sexscenes that made me uncomfortable but the fact that the film is devoidof any cinematic, stylistic euphemisms. In conventional romantic films,there is an invisible line separating the romantic from the sexual ?love from desire. The subtle message is always: love is sublime anddesire is vulgar. The reality of the things, and as presented in thefilm, is that both are inseparable in their sublimity and vulgarity.I cannot tell for sure whether I like it or not. Cinema, as Slavoj?i?ek puts it, is "the ultimate pervert art" because it does notdirectly satisfy our desires but manipulates them. It does not show usour capabilities, but give us the illusion that we are capable. Cinemadraws the line between imagination and reality and keeps crisscrossingthe boundary: it takes imaginary elements and roots them in reality,and sugarcoats real elements in imaginary wraps. The trick is not tocall a spade a spade, i.e. not to place two firm feet on one side ofthe spectrum; otherwise you would shake the balance between reality andimagination that the viewer cannot find in real life.Whatever your sentiments are towards the film, Noé ? purposefully orinadvertently ? raises some important issues: what if cinema does awaywith the aesthetics of presentational euphemism? Would it undermine itsrole as an artistic medium? Would it put the viewer on the defensive,being constantly faced with the unrefined reality of what (s)hedreads/desires?The way I see it is that Noé created an extremely stimulating film, notsexually as he probably desired but intellectually and sentimentally.I'm grateful I watched Love alone and had the chance to struggle withand make sense of all those feelings and thoughts by myself. I canimagine how uncomfortable it would be watching it in a movie theaterwith other people, let alone how the actors felt while shooting!