There's a moment when the protagonist, American ex pat Murphy, tellshis Parisian girlfriend, Alektra, that the police officer understoodhim and wants to have a beer sometime. This is all after a publicaltercation fueled by jealousy and alcohol that leaves the audiencewanting to dump Murphy as well in that moment.And yet the policeman actually does share a beer with Murphy later inone of the film's more poignant scenes, sharing understanding as mutualand not simply one way or curtailed by gender stereotypes.Gaspar Noé's 'Love' is a film that thrives on shock, sentimentality anda relay of connotations. Everything is in a relationship; thecharacters and the big ideas it looks to tackle. There's a cynicismvoiced in this film against extreme, contemporary western views (mainlyAmerican), which in a sense liberates the stigmas one might havetowards perceived French social norms: love, sexuality, self expressionand most importantly tact or manner.I found myself lulled by the ongoing and over-extended sex scenes, ?shot beautifully by the way ? rather than anything gratuitous comingfrom them. It's interesting to note that in both scenes whererelationship complications arise and are dealt with, as well as the(make-up) sex, everything in these moments are left to their devices,almost playing out in real time, allowing a greater sense of empathyfor the audience, even if what's on the screen is severely perverse anddaring, if you happen to be a sexually active, romantically chargedhuman being, then the director seems to take a nod in saying "Hey, thisis real life." Letting these moments play out feels more thoughtfulthan overly intellectualizing them, almost as if to excuse the t&a/c&b,something Lars von Trier felt more necessary in 2013's 'Nymphomaniac',a film which will undoubtedly draw comparisons, though Love shouldn'tbe mistaken as such; there's no high stakes, money or power play. It'sjust all a bit complicated and messy. But brutally honest nonetheless.Murphy can be a little nonredeemable at times, one of the fewprotagonists in a while worth caring for, but hardly worth rooting for,especially when he's coming in your (the viewer's) face. It's good thismovie isn't shot/screened in 3D. Also the characters are at times lostfor words... as if there is a complete absence of script. This isn't anall bad thing as it makes the interactions feel more natural, however arepeated cycle of "I hate you!" for about 3 to 5 minutes straightstarts to feel like a fill in the gaps exercise.Overall this film is art/indie cinema when it works best. You feel thedirector completely and utterly devoted to style and substance withoutsacrifice on either part. The casting is done well and through all thenudity no single actor or actress is relegated to feeling like they'reshooting porn, something I feel a lot of critics and PC audiences willclaim in their shallow analysis'.