I generally try to avoid spoilers, and this is no exception, but thereare small details from throughout the course of the story, so I checkedthe spoiler warning.My wife walked out on this film about five minutes into it, offended bythe exploitative abuse-of-woman scene that opened the movie. I stuck itout, and the film improved to the point that it started to lookpromising, like an art-house post-apocalyptic movie. Unfortunately itthen turned boring, with endless scenes of the main character wanderingbarren desert, then being adopted into "Comfort", a seeminglybenevolent community with no visible means of survival in a virtuallylifeless desert, and wandering aimlessly in that community. The maincharacter followed up with an act of revenge against someone sherecognized from the exploitative opening scene, adoption of a member ofthe exploitative community, some more aimless wandering in Comfort,adoption of a cute animal, and more wandering in the barren desert.Finally, it then finished with an ending in the barren desert thatsuggested that the writer didn't quite figure out how to satisfactorilyconclude the story.I read some reviews by professional critics, many of which which werequite a bit more favorable than my reaction. Although I recognized whatthey praised the film for, I still didn't like it. The similaritybetween Comfort and a Burning Man camp are amusing. The pop-culturereferences in the music track, the debris in the desert and in Comfort,and so forth are amusing. The use of well-known actors in small rolesis interesting. But the interesting pieces don't add up to aninteresting film.I can see that the writer (who also directed) put a lot of thought intothe ideas behind the film, and aspired to something that was both anexploitation film and an art-house send-up of exploitation films -- butshe only managed to succeed at making an exploitation film. Maybe ifthere were more hints about how Comfort was supposed to function, whythe "bad batch" people had partitioned into two camps, and so forth?Maybe if there were actually an ending that made sense? Often when Isee a bad movie, I ask, "How could this be made into a good movie?"Sometimes when I see a good movie, I think of ways it could be madeeven better. But in this case, I can't see any way to make a good movieout of this except a large-scale rewrite.One might ask how so many notable actors ended up in a film this bad.My guess is that they were drawn in by the writer-director's previouswork _A Girl Walks Home at Night_, which was well-received by IMDbvoters and very well reviewed by professional critics, and didn'texpect that her second feature film would be a mess.