I watched this film today on Netflix. I was surprised when I found thistitle on the website already, I guess Netflix got the right to releasethis movie at the same time as DVD comes out. That is usually not agood sign... However, I took a chance because I had been excited to seeit since last year. It's got a great cast, and a promising plotdirected by one of the most anticipated foreign female directors,sounds like a good catch...but, It's a big fat MISS!!! Boring, tedious, lengthy are the perfect wordsto describe this movie. I am so glad that I watched it on Netflixbecause I could fast-forward some scenes. I couldn't help it, it waspainfully uninteresting!! Like other reviewers are saying, nothingreally happens in this overlong approx. 2hrs movie. Too manyunnecessary landscape shots, too many meaningless walking scenes,minimal dialog (probably I can easily memorize the entire script),unrealistic supplies of resource, lack of character developments, noexplanation of characters' intentions etc...etc...I don't even know when and why the main girl (A watered down version ofMiley Cirus, IMO)fell in love with Jason Momoa's character! Stockholmsyndrome of some sort??? Pretty much all of her actions arequestionable. In the beginning of the movie, her priority should'vebeen finding safety in this lawless territory or seeking a watersupply, instead she chose to put on a lipstick in the very dry desertwhere no one is seen. I already disliked her by then. Seriously, girl?Perhaps it would help me to relate to her if it was a chapstick insteadof a lipstick. Although there is so many tedious scenes, the part where she grewfeelings for Miami Man (Momoa) is shorter than the blink of an eye.Even Miami Man seems confused by her choice close to the end scene(where 90% of dialog takes place), and her answer is just nonsense.Moreover, her southern accent was utterly unbearable more than Momoa'sCuban accent. Why not avoid using British actress if she is thatterrible. The other 10% of dialog happens in the scene where Keanuexplains how important to grow tomato right. The acting of SkiWaterhouse especially her facial expressions in this scene is purelyawful. It's actually astonishing.I can go on and on, but I don't wanna be lengthy like this movie.The only things worth watching were Jim Carry's portrayal ofsympathetic scavenger (he gave me a good laugh, too) and Keanu Reeves's70s' porn star look exclusively in this movie!!