There are three previous reviews about this film ranging from 3 of 10to 9 of 10. I won't bore you with the lengthily details of the entirefilm as one reviewer did. (Would not be surprised at all if He/She hadsome direct connection with the making of the film, etc) I am always up for cerebral, off color, non conformist, anti-Hollywoodtype films and praise those who make them. I am not, however, a fan offilms that aim high to be recognized as deeply artistic and thoughtprovoking when the film fails miserably in achieving that goal.There are at least four big name actors in this mess and there ishardly any dialog through almost 2 hours of run time. This is not tosay Dialog makes a film great. Often silence and facial expression andbody language speaks volumes. Sadly, this is not the case in "the BadBatch". BORING is the first word that comes to mind to describe thisfilm. The story line and plot are all over the place. Th film is set ina supposed Apocalaptic setting with a two caste system. One beingcannibals, the other the privileged, if you can call it that. To categorize this film as "Romance/ Sci-Fi" is utterly misleading.There is absolutely No romance in this film nor is there any ScienceFiction in it anywhere. I would categorize this film as a Dark Drama.The only redeeming quality of the film is the score in my opinion. None of the story telling is explained or resolved and you meanderthrough the film (as do the characters) with no purpose. Here is mytake on the film.....Girl is captured, has her leg And arm amputatedbarbarically, which is used for food BTW, by a group of cannibals. Girlescapes, finds woman in desert, kills her and takes daughter, headcannibal sets out to find daughter, finds girl sans two limbs, sets herout on a mission to find little girl. Girl finds little girl at another"camp" of the higher caste and recovers little girl, meets Said Gorillacannibal in desert, film ends!Two hours of time I'll never recover. Swallowing glass would be lesspainful then watching this again. Reviewers can wax philosophical allthey want, "the bad Batch" is just plain BAD!