The cinematography is impressive and the music matches the varyingmoods throughout the film but these contribute to this film ending upjust being an hour and fifty-six minute long music video. The storylacks tremendously but this will not be known till after Arlen killsMaria in the desert. After the killing, Arlen seems to convince the audience as if she caresfor the little girl but then decides to experiment with a drug and notkeep an eye on the girl at a night party. The little girl becomes lostand found by the Dream, but this is a poor way to keep the story goingbecause Arlen revealed no addictive traits nor did she express anyinterest in drugs before this, so she experiments when she has aresponsibly? It's not very convincing, just seems as if thescreenwriter didn't know where to take the story next. But, withoutthis careless decision, the story would've fallen flat sooner. Another bad aspect of the story is the distance between the cannibalarea and Comfort, basically the desert between the two locations. Thisis important because some characters seem to reach one location fromthe other sooner than other characters, so it seems. The huge flawisn't identified till the Miami Man and Arlen are within the cavebecause supposedly the motorcycle couldn't get them to Comfort thatsame day even though the motorcycle came with a container with extragas. This was not understandable because Hermit (Jim Carrey'scharacter) seemed to navigate just fine while pushing a cart around thedesert. It took a wandering man (another non con vincible plot device)to find them and take Arlen back to Comfort but during the time she waswith the Miami Man, she seemed to begin liking him, no reason to pickon this because attraction is different for everyone. Why is this a badaspect of the story? Solely because if they would have never stoppedArlen would have never gained feelings for him which would have led herinto not wanting to find the little girl even though she was threatenedto death but if she is within Comfort, could the Miami Man really crossthe border to kill her? No, Comfort has gunmen who would have shot him.This was another way to keep the story going, which wasn't a good onebecause they shouldn't have stopped for rest because they have amotorcycle, was the Miami Man not that much in a rush to find hisdaughter? The next flaw shortly arrives after Arlen is easily invited withinDream's home, which again not very convincing because she is offered aroom without any relationship being established before hand. Comfort isfull of very poor people and none of them thought of the idea of askingto come inside and spend time with Dream? Would he had offered them aroom to stay in? And if Arlen was offered only because she was a woman,would another woman been offered a room and possibly the mother of achild? I strongly don't believe so. Again the screenwriter had toforcibly move the story along that was doomed after the beginning. TheDream is the head of Comfort and he seems to not be even a littleskeptical about inviting some girl that just turned up at his homeafter he found a little girl? Another bad plot device because this wasthe only way for Arlen to get the little girl back. Very unrealisticbecause the Dream knows the state of his people within Comfort, whywould he trust them to come inside his home? Ultimately the picture ends decently, but their is no story. Nopurpose, no reason behind any motives of any characters except for thecannibals wanting more human meat. Never quite clear to how this worldeven became to be. What an audience member is left with is justdisplaying images in front of music. If the Academy Awards had a bestmusic video category, it would be wise for one to place a bet on thisone winning, but as a film, which has a job to tell a story, Bad Batchfalls completely flat on it's face.