Two of those things were good to see.Arlen is cast away into the desert, branded a member of the bad batch,implying a dystopian society on the outside that locks away it'sundesirable members. Unfortunately we don't get to see any of that atall, and the most we get is odd little references dotted about. She'scaught by a group of cannibals who cut off and eat her arm and her leg,before she manages to escape. After finding a place named - withoutsubtlety - Comfort, she goes out into the wilderness again to seekrevenge on those who took her limbs from her. She finds a kid, has abadly- narrated drug-trip and bumps into "Miami Man", a great hulkingfigure, head of the cannibal settlement, looking for the girl she tookto Comfort. The second half of the movie becomes Arlen and Miami Mantrying to get the girl back.The story isn't particularly great, I'll be honest. The revenge plot iscompletely forgotten about in favour of trying to get the girl back. Infact the whole cannibal thing doesn't play too much of a part after thedrug trip either. It also never seeks to answer any questions, which isfine, but when the world this all takes place in is far morefascinating than the actual story, the lack of answers becomesfrustrating. Where does Comfort get all of its comforts from? Who isThe Screamer? Why does no-one kill The Hermit while he's just wanderingaround the wasteland? If Comfort has access to food and water, why arethe Cannibals cannibals? If all of The Dream's women are pregnant, butthere are no children, what happens to them? Or has The Dream only beenin power for less than nine months? If Comfort has guns and ammoaplenty, why are the Cannibals still alive at all?There are other questions too, that pose more as plot holes thanstraight-up world building cock-blocks. Like why is Arlen so acceptingof Miami Man despite him being responsible for her lost limbs? Why doesshe willingly help him when she could just go back to Comfort and staythere where he can't get her? And why is there a subtle romance hintedat between them? I mean big props to Momoa and Suki Waterhouse formanaging to get across a sense of desire and affection between themwithout a single word - and I really liked it for that - butnarratively it made no sense (or maybe that was the point, hurr hurr).Acting is a mixed bag in all. Suki Waterhouse is at times great and attimes awful. The movie's lack of dialogue definitely works in herfavour, as she gets to look pretty in the desert in skimpy shorts thewhole time. The emotions and feelings she manages to convey withoutwords is good, but as soon as she opens her mouth I couldn't help butcringe. Bad accent, badly delivered, and badly written. Momoa managesto encompass the more brooding side of his musculature quite well, andthe chemistry he shares with Waterhouse is commendable for sure.Giovanni Ribisi is criminally underused. He appears about twice,muttering about some "thing" that he can't find. That's it. KeanuReeves gets a potentially tantalising role as The Dream, but it's nevercapitalised on by the story. Nonetheless what we see of The Dream is aman of wisdom who abuses his power just enough not to be an antagonist.Jim Carrey is unrecognisable. Didn't even realise it was him until wellafter the movie finished, but his character was definitely one of thebiggest highlights of the entire movie, despite not uttering a singleword.Stylistically The Bad Batch is a winner through-and-through though.It's a slowly paced movie that prefers to sit in the moment. There's alot of desert-scape shots, as we watch people walk around the desert(or drive golf carts), but even from the confines of Comfort and theCannibals there's some interesting cinematography. With dialogue to aminimum, it's down to the cinematography to tell the story, and it doesa brilliant job of conveying who's who, what they stand for, and what'sgoing on in the story, and ultimately that's the most important thingfor cinematography to get right. It's use of practical effectsthroughout deserves mention as well. While most the time it can make itfeel like a cheap student film, they somehow managed to make theamputation clean and believable without the use of CGI, and for that Ionly have endless praise.Sonically the movie is really good as well, barring that terriblynarrated drug trip. The use of ambient sound really brings theotherwise vacant world to life, from the sound of things to the subtlewhite noise of the wind. The music is also surprisingly good too. Theselection of popular and dance music is an odd mix that somehow works.From the synthwave-influenced Black Light Smoke and Chilled by Nature,to more pop-y Federale and Culture Club, it creates a sonic identity tothe movie that makes it stand out and be individually enjoyable aswell.The Bad Batch is not a movie for everyone. It's extremely slow-paced,with a story that meanders around aimlessly in order to pretentiouslytell us something about the world that we already knew. I saw itdescribed somewhere as like if someone went to Burning Man and thought'I want to make a movie of that'. It has some great cinematography andsome great music, and some surprisingly good acting from the big namestars, but it's not particularly a movie I'd ever opt to see again. Igive it a middling 5/10.