Most films tell you what they're about by their style and theirtrappings, and what happens in the opening scenes. THE BAD BATCH opensin a recognizably post-apocalyptic sort of setting (although itactually isn't -- more on that in a moment) and immediately featuresbrutal, grisly violence. But the story that unfolds is completelyunlike what you'd expect given that beginning.To begin with, it's not shot like an action / adventure movie. The paceis measured, even contemplative, and the camera lingers on the actors'faces. In other words, it's shot like a family drama ... and in a wayit is. I was moved nearly to tears by the movie's climax; to say thatwas the last thing I expected after the opening scenes would be amassive understatement.It is, above all, tremendously thought-provoking. (And you now can seethat in two or three important ways it's the polar opposite of MAD MAX:FURY ROAD, a very clear influence and of course brilliant in its owncompletely different way.) First and foremost, it's an examination ofthe nature of morality and moral choices. There's a scene where youwill ask yourself whether the act you have just seen was justified,indefensible, or some indescribable mixture of the two, even as youwatch Suki Waterhouse (in a tremendous breakout performance) askherself the same question -- what have I just done, and was it good orbad? The moral situation at the movie's end unconsciously evokes UrsulaK. Le Guin's classic short story "The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas"(after a special screening in Boston, writer / director Ana LilyAmirpour confirmed she was unfamiliar with it).It's also a potent and cutting commentary on the problem of incomeinequality. The movie is actually set in the near future, where "badbatch" characters are exiled to a lawless fenced enclave in the formerTexas desert, and left to fend for themselves. Unlike an actualpost-apocalyptic setting, there's no inherited privileged class, andthere's a lot less wealth for the powerful to hoard. It's never spokenof, but the characters seem always aware that whatever luxury they canachieve pales beside that which they left behind. It changes theirpsychology completely. So although the trappings are completelyfamiliar, the situation is in fact utterly original. That originalityunderlies the moral situation and the depth of characterization.The movie defies another convention: it never bothers to explain whatseem (on surface) to be unlikely elements of the portrayed world.However, Amirpour says she did extensive world-building and evendevised complete back stories for every character. Her strategy is tokeep viewers as uninformed as the characters themselves. That maybother some, but I think it adds immensely to the movie's weight andpower.The film features a fine turn by Keanu Reeves as the leader of asettlement called (perhaps without irony) Comfort, and a wordless andbarely recognizable Jim Carrey in a few key scenes, at least one ofwhich is darkly hilarious. Giavanni Ribisi and Diego Luna show up insmall roles, so you know that people wanted to do this movie. JasonMomoa (Aquaman) is excellent in a lead role, but it's Waterhouse thatultimately makes it all work.It's shot almost entirely outdoors, and it's so impressive to look atthat I plan to see it a second time on an even bigger screen. Itborrows many familiar trappings but is almost startling in its refusalto use them in stereotypical ways, and it has haunted my brain sincethe moment the lights went up. In short, it's an exemplary addition tothe small but growing group of art-house science fiction films. It morethan fulfills the promise of Amirpour's art-house horror debut, A GIRLWALKS HOME ALONE AT NIGHT, and marks her as a major figure to watch ingenre cinema.