I was really looking forward to the director's follow up to "A GirlWalks Home Alone At Night" but after seeing it I'm incrediblydisappointed. There are a lot of things that work here;the directionand pacing of the film are spot on with some nice cinematography andsome interesting choices along the way. Likewise, most of the actor'scontribute some nice work here including the much lauded cameos by JimCarey and Giovanni Ribissi and the high profile appearances of JasonMomoa and Keannu Reeves. (None of whom did this film because they"needed a paycheck" by the way but was a chance to work with theSundance Institute and/or an up and coming director they wanted tosupport.) Carey was really surprising, it took me a few minutes beforeI even realized it was him and Momoa shows he's got real acting chopsbut it was Keannu Reeves who really stole the show for me. He goesagainst type and really brings the creepy to his role of a "Jim Jones"type cult leader. It would be interesting to see him play an out andout villain in a future role. As for Suki Waterhouse, I honestly haveno idea whether she can act or not because the script is so bad,littered with wooden dialogue and bad choices throughout, that it'simpossible to tell. The characters consistently make decisions or takeactions that make absolutely no sense whatsoever. We are not talkingyour typical Hollywood tropes either (Going down to the basement alone,saying "I'll be right back," etc...you know the drill)NO, we aretalking actions and decisions that are so wrong they are insulting tothe viewer. Example, after narrowly escaping from a group of cannibalsand finding safety in a small town, our hero, sans two limbs mind you,immediately wanders BACK OUT into the desert right back towards thecannibal community.She then, over the course of the rest of the movie,proceeds to fall for the head cannibal. A man who participated in abarbecue involving her arm and leg!! I kid you not. I actually foundthis offensive. And I'm not offended easily. I am baffled as to how thedirector even considered this line of action for the character or evenwhat the point was. I'm totally mystified as to how anyone could havethought this was a good idea. I found myself very irritated with Ms.Waterhouse's character, to the point that I yelled at the screenseveral times during the film, so annoyed was I at the character'sstupid decisions and at the creators themselves for letting thischaracter be such an idiot. It was like a roll back to before Buffy,when women in horror or sci-fi were nothing but mindless eye candy.You'd think Ellen Ripley had never happened. And this during the week"Wonder Woman" came out. So, there you go. I hate to be so harsh but Ihave no idea what Ms. Amirpour was going for here and in the futuresuggest she stick to directing, for which she is quite capable. Just dous all a favor and leave the screenplay to someone else.