It's so difficult to find a truly unique film that surprises you. Idon't own a television, so seeing movie promos for upcoming films israre for me. Only by Googling sci-fi films did I stumble upon this onein someone's movie list. I'm so happy that I did! All I saw was that itwas a futuristic film with cannibals in it...that was all I needed tosee! I absolutely love to be surprised! And this one is a treasure! Eachcharacter was played wonderfully. I had no issue suspending disbelief.This must have been a project for the love it. I'm guessing by Keanu'swork, these non mainstream shows are a passion for him, much like AScanner Darkly. I loved that one, as well. I had no idea who would be in it and am always thrilled to see suchphenomenal actors take on obscure roles. The Hermit's teeth were trulynasty! Well done on the costumes and effects. If you go through themovie and know that there's something familiar about a particularcharacter but you just can't pinpoint it...that means the actor isdoing a brilliant job...because you have no idea that it was someonenotable until the credits roll. Jim Carrey was great! Giovanni Ribisi, though recognizable, did a great job being the localcrackpot. Not a huge role, but he did it very well. Again, I think thiswas a project that they must have done for the love of it. I'll be looking at Ana Lily Amirpour's work more now. The story wasfantastic. Granted, I would liked to have known a bit more back story,but that's what my imagination is for. The best films keep youthinking. I like Jason Momoa, as well. Seeing his softer expressions, like whenhe admitted he was lost, was tender and amazing. I don't go for theburly man dripping in muscle, but it suits him. It actually makes thevulnerability that he shows even more beautiful. Suki Waterhouse did a fine job in her role. Though I would liked tohave seen a bit more variety in her emotions, however, her characterwould have to be tough to survive. You don't survive if you are weak.But still, a little more from her would have been nice, especiallyduring the removal of limbs. The music choices were hysterical. The enormous muscle man on thescooter in search of his daughter, priceless! The matter of factattitude they had to eating people as a means to survive, wasinteresting. It makes one think of what it, indeed, is like in thatsituation. It has happened in reality, it may happen again, who knows.Overall, a magnificent piece of work from everyone involved. This musthave been a fun show to work on.