What can I say about a film I only watched the first quarter of? It'snot my habit to stop a film once I've started watching. With this one,I hit the 30-minute mark and the film was just plodding along. I didn'thave the impression that anything important had happened. Don't get mewrong: events had occurred but it didn't feel like there was any weightto any of them. To illustrate my point I've transcribed the beginningof the film. For the above reason you don't need to worry aboutspoilers.We're in the middle of the desert, middle of nowhere. A fence runsthrough it. A voice narrates something about a "bad batch" as twopolice officers lead a young girl through a gate in the fence and lockup after her. A sign tells us that this is Texas and beyond the fenceshe's no longer a citizen of the USA and doesn't enjoy any rights. Shestares gormlessly after the police car as it leaves. Next scene: sheeats her rations. Next scene: she starts walking, even does a littledance and basically seems completely unfazed by her situation. Nextscene: she finds a car and sits in it. Not because she feels hot andwants to get out of the sun, not because she wants to try and start itup and have a means of transportation, not because she intends to lootthe car, she just sits in it - and applies some make-up. A golf cartcomes into view behind her, draws nearer, she notices it but doesn'tdisplay any reaction. Next scene: she's running for her life away fromthe golf cart until one of the occupants pounces on her.I hope I'm getting across the point that even in these first fewminutes our main character does stuff but not because she displays anymotivation but just because the script seems to call for them. And thisgoes on and is also true of the other characters. I found itinfuriating to watch a movie in which the characters just domeaningless stuff or stare gormlessly into the middle distance. By the30-minute mark the movie had failed to properly establish the setting,the characters and the plot. It also took until roughly that time forany spoken dialogue to come up - that wasn't grunting or screaming.I think I know what they were going for: bleak, grim and brooding. Andthat didn't work because a) they would have needed to establish somecontrast, otherwise it's just bleak against bleak. b) it's hard to comeoff as bleak when the characters have food, water, shelter, firearmswith ammunition, electricity, some form of medical care, body lotion(some guys seem oiled up like it's Mr. Universe) and evenentertainment. Since the film makers were obviously going for somethinglike Mad Max or Escape from New York they should have checked out howmessed up characters in those movie were - with all their gear cobbledtogether from spare parts. You could see plainly that they were livingin harsh conditions. c) if they were going for brooding and grim theyshould show the violence and have characters react to it appropriately.Our leading lady doesn't seem traumatised enough considering she shouldbe far from used to the kinds of things that happen to her.I stopped watching after about the first quarter because I couldn't seethe film going anywhere. It was scene after scene of tracking shots ofpeople walking or close-ups of people staring silently. In better filmssuch techniques might have been used for pacing or building atmospherebut here they only come across as pretentious. Maybe I stopped watchingbefore the film gets good but somehow I doubt it and I also don'treally care. If the film can't seem to make an effort to engage myinterest why should I continue watching it?