This movie tries to be jam Mad Max, Kill Bill and Pulp Fiction into onestylistic movie. It tries really, really hard to capture theinsouciance that made those movies cult hits but ultimately failsbecause how it looks and sounds mattered so much more than the plot orthe characters. If anything, there's too much style.Our protagonist (Arlen) is a PYT from Texas, convicted of some unstatedcrime so horrific that she's punted past the US border with 4L ofwater, a bagged fast food lunch, and a kick in the rear. Past the USborder isn't Mexico, with 120M people, it's barren desert, filled withdetritus from the US like garbage, unwanted aircraft, skeletons offailed towns, etc.She's ultimately too cool for school. Having lost her arm and leg tocannibals within the first few minutes of the movie, she actively huntsthose cannibals looking for revenge. But when she does so, she simplywanders out of the quasi-Burning Man town of Comfort with a pistol inhand. No hat. No water. She wanders the desert in her tank top, hersmiley face shorts, and a creaky prosthetic limb that's played up toannoyance. Clearly, the writer/director went in with that visual of thedamaged anti-hero, wandering the desert alone in search of revenge inmind, and she wasn't going to let any nods to reality get in the way.Hell, after months in the desert our protagonist doesn't even havecracked lips!The movie is essentially a love story, but even that's tough to buy.The protagonist falls in love with one of the very cannibals thatcapture her in the first few minutes of the movie (Miami Man) and shedoes so despite her seemingly unquenchable desire to hunt and killthose very cannibals. With no dialogue, it's hard to believe that raw, animal attractioncould trump that divide, but apparently it does. You are a cannibal,and your group literally ate my arm and leg? We can work past it. Youintimidate me and threaten me with death if I don't get your daughter(Honey) back from Comfort? Seems like husband material to me! Maybe itis the barely running golf carts or crappy scooters? We all know chicksdig guys with wheels. Sure, he can draw, and he clearly loves his kid,but he ate your arm and leg. He ATE your arm and leg. Go ahead and kissthat mouth. I dare you.Awkward details like this are simply glossed over, literally everywherein this movie. The cannibals live in shells of airplanes with novisible source of water, but rather than the emaciated, semi-sane, boneracks they'd be with nothing but protein to eat, they are mountains ofmuscle that could step right off Venice beach and who work out withhome made weights. They glisten.Comfort somehow has power and water and sewer, but that's neverexplained other than vague allusions to some underground drug tradethat somehow manages to keep the lights on, miles and miles out intothe desert. How the denizens of Comfort manage to pay for the drugsthey clearly imbibe is never really explained either. Money meansnothing, they burn it to start fires, but yet the Noodle Woman wantspayment or the Screamer cannot eat her noodles. Half the populationhave prosthetic limbs that would be thousands of dollars in our world,but they are cast off junk they somehow just find out here in thedesert. Don't get me started on the outrageous Deus Ex Machina character thatliterally appears just to move the plot along, and then vanishes in thevery next scene.The music is, if anything, obtrusive, because it's aiming for cool inits own right and is there less to support the plot or setting. Theparty in which Honey becomes separated from Arlen and is taken by theDream into his compound is like every stereotypical club scene in amovie, except it's starving people, most missing limbs or some sanity,draping themselves with magical lights that need no power sources anddancing the night away in a drug filled, throbbing rave in the desert.It was clearly fabricated, as if the scene was constructed to promotethe career of some wannabe DJ looking for a big break via a cameo inthe film.The whole movie plods along (oh, does it plod!) to a contrived,suitably stylistic final scene. Our protagonist, having screwed overher only source of food, water and shelter by abducting Honey from theDream and taking her back out of his compound, has made her choice.Arlen is taking the cannibal she loves back his daughter, and the threeof them are going to live happily ever after. The end scene is thethree of them clustered around a fire that could have stepped out of anL.L. Bean catalogue, surrounded by pristine white sand for miles inevery direction ... eating the little girl's pet bunny.And all I could think of was ... what the hell are they going to dotomorrow?All that being said, Jim Carrey was great as the hermit.