I hated Fifty Shades Of Grey. Non-sensical, poorly written andpainfully dull, there was very little to like about that movie. That'swhy I'm absolutely baffled that its sequel is even worse. Continuing onfrom where the original left off with an utterly tedious and ridiculousstory, nothing about Fifty Shades Darker grabbed me, whilst it losesany sense of the sleek, or even risky, nature of the first film.The main reason that this film is so bad is the story. Featuringconsistently incomprehensible twists and turns from start to finishthat make an already dull story even less compelling, there was nothinghere that got me intrigued in the lives of Anastasia Steele andChristian Grey.And whilst the first film was tedious for its almost inactive story,following a weak Anastasia being suppressed by Christian, the fact thatthe sequel, which does have a modicum of character development, failsto provide any more intrigue or drama is unbelievable. We see Anastasiastronger against Christian, which adds a different dynamic to therelationship, but in turn makes the central focus of the entire seriesfeel irrelevant.As a result, we get all these random extra characters flying in and outof the lead duo's lives that are supposed to have some sort of dramaticimpact. Almost as inconsequential as some of the scenes from The Room,the new players in this sequel, namely Kim Basinger and BellaHeathcote's characters, appear completely out of the blue, and don'tplay anywhere near enough of a role to have the intended dramaticeffect.In short, whilst there's a lot more going on in Fifty Shades Darkerthan its predecessor, it somehow manages to make everything even moreboring. The main relationship is completely stale, the characterdevelopment is under-utilised, and the new characters turn the filminto some sort of weird, nightmarish soap opera that doesn't make onebit of sense.Then we move onto the performances. Now, I like Dakota Johnson. She's aperfectly good actress who's put in some great performances over thepast few years, but this really isn't one of them. In an almostidentical situation to Kristen Stewart in Twilight, Johnson gives alaughably underwhelming performance lumbered by horrific dialogue and atedious character. She can do a lot better, but she's not able to bringher talents to the table in this film, and that makes her just as pooras everything else in Fifty Shades Darker.Alongside Johnson, we have Jamie Dornan. As a character, Christian Greyfeels (somehow) even less developed than last time out, and that meansthat Dornan, whose performance was pretty dull in the first film,doesn't add much to the film at all, coming off as wooden anddisinterested as he did before. Meanwhile, the likes of Kim Basinger,Bella Heathcote, Marcia Gay Harden and Eric Johnson, all of whom playin supporting roles, add almost nothing to the story. Again, theircharacters are as thin as paper, and the dialogue they're given ishorrific, but the performances don't do much to rectify those issues.Everything I've said so far is the sort of stuff you'd expect fromFifty Shades Darker, especially after the first film. However, what'sgenuinely disappointing for me about this sequel is how it almostcompletely loses the best part of the dire original.Director Sam Taylor-Johnson left the project after an alleged spatewith author of the books, E.L. James. In her place is James Foley,whose directing style just isn't as strong. I genuinely thought thatFifty Shades Of Grey was a well-directed movie. Slick, modern and witha slight air of tension and mystery (even if it was far less risky thanyou'd expect), there was something about Taylor-Johnson's style thatgrabbed me.Unfortunately, Foley doesn't manage to do the same. Fifty Shades Darkerhas a little bit of style from time to time, and the directing is stillthe best part of the movie, but it's a far cry from what we know can bedone with this awful story, and with a much duller and less slickvisual style, I was even more disappointed with this movie than I everthought possible.Overall, it's pretty clear that Fifty Shades Darker is a horrific film.Somehow worse and more boring than its terrible predecessor, it doesnothing to build on the story we saw last time out, instead opting fora soap opera-esque structure full of random characters with completelyincomprehensible motives. The performances are bad, the writing isatrocious, and even the directing is poor.