Okay, so my expectations were not high since the first one was notexactly "Citizen Kaine" nor were the books literary masterpieces, butthis film is laughably bad, and surprisingly, rather dull!! So, what exactly is wrong with this film? Where to even start... the screenwriter, for one, who seems like theyjust took up writing for fun a few weeks before shooting the film. Someof the lines are absurd - and not even original!!! Look out for a linein the film stolen, verbatim, from Dakota's mom Oscar-winning hit film,"Working Girl." The biggest difference between those two films? MelanieGriffith was Oscar- nominated for her role in "Working Girl." DakotaJohnson will be lucky to get a Razzie award. A high school student who picked up any knowledge of sex or anatomyfrom science class, or who had any grasp of the English language, couldhave done a better job writing this script. The new director alsoseemed in a real hurry to crank this film out-everything is so rushedand confused. Probably the most obvious issue is the acting. Jaime Dornan was good in"The Fall" but in this role, he has all the charisma of a cardboardbox. He's supposed to be the man of every woman's dreams??? I'd besurprised if after this film franchise wraps he ever manages to land agood role again- in my opinion, this film and this role has pretty muchwrecked any chances he'd have of a strong career. Charlie Hunnam isprobably thanking his lucky stars he managed to get out of appearing inthis wreck! To go from "Sons of Anarchy" to this mess of a franchisewould have been a huge mistake. Dakota Johnson fares a little bit better than Dornan, but honestly thatis not saying much since he is so unappealing in this role. The twoalso have ZERO chemistry on screen! For a film that's supposed to besome kind of great sexy film, these two actors have absolutely ZEROchemistry. Rather than feel any kind of spark when they were on screentogether, I found myself sometimes cringing. Kim Basinger is a good addition to this film, and she is stillradiantly beautiful and appealing on screen, but she is given verylittle to do here. It's too bad that she wasn't the lead- I was moreinterested in her character than I was in either of the leadcharacters. Unless you are a huge fan of the books, I'd recommend waiting to watchthis on basic cable.