I saw Fifty Shades of Grey the day it was released in theaters. I thenbought the DVD so I could watch it at my leisure. It wasn't any betteron DVD. I am going to list the main things I found wrong with Grey andcompare that to Darker, in this mere viewer's opinion. Let's beginwith: Casting: In my opinion casting can make or break a film. It was thefirst fatal flaw with Grey. Virtually none of the actors matched - inany way - the books' descriptions of the characters they played. JamieDornan is good looking (I prefer him without the facial hair), but heis nowhere close to matching the books' description of Christian Grey.To list a few of the differences, Christian was described as a tall,drop-dead-gorgeous man whose hair simply would not lie down. A man whowould not have sex without wearing a shirt to be sure he was nottouched. Ana was described as young (22), beautiful, and intelligent. Isimply did not see Dakota Johnson as a woman who would make ChristianGrey go to a hardware store just to see her again. She was bad wrongfor this part. I could go on, but won't; Acting: Awful, awful, awful - enough said? Dornan & Johnson were stiffwhen acting in the same scene. They appeared to be biding their timeuntil they could get away from each other. The sex scenes wereunrealistic, even for "vanilla" sex, not to mention the sex wassupposed to be rough because that was how Christian liked it. Also, mymother spanked me and my siblings when we were growing up anddisobeyed, I just wish she had spanked me as hard as Christian"spanked" Ana. I realize one actor can't beat another actor, but thosespankings weren't even good acting;Script: The script of Grey was so poorly done that those of us who hadread the book had difficulty finding the book in the film. There wereso many places when the scenes in the book would have worked muchbetter than what the script portrayed. A lot of the script wasn't evenin the book; and Set design: This was so wrong in so many ways. I realize a particularlocation can't always be found that accurately depicts the location inthe book, such as the Greys' house. But there are things that can bedone correctly. In the book, there was an L-shaped, white couch inChristian Grey's office where Ana interviewed him, and a u-shaped whitecouch in his living room, they were both missing. In the film, insteadof sitting between the sofa and coffee table, onto which Ana droppedher tape recorder, she sat stiffly in a straight chair using a pencilhe handed her.Now for Darker: Casting: The only improvement in this book was the first scene withLeila in it. She looked accurate when we see her outside of Ana'soffice; Acting: No improvement, still the same people who relate poorly to eachother; Script: The reason I gave this film 3 stars is because the scriptwriting was more faithful to the book, but it was still a long way frombeing on target. There were some scenes that were shown in reverse, theone I will mention is the helicopter scene. Then some scenes wereruined for no reason whatsoever, for example, when Leila confronts Anaoutside her office building the scene is ruined when Jack comes out ofthe building and whisks Ana away to the bar - which was not namedFifty's and where it was just the two of them and not 6 or 7 of them,like in the book; then when Leila confronts Ana in her apartment, whydo they have her fire the gun she is carrying, that didn't happen inthe book, wasn't necessary in the film. Also there was one scene in thebook I felt was pivotal to the entire story and it was completely leftout of the film. On Christian's birthday, Ana has three gifts for him,the key chain, a model helicopter, and a box containing items she hastaken from the red room. They go into the red room and he "uses" theitems she has selected on her - on the table, not on the bed. Thencomes the scene that, in my opinion, sums up the entire story (allthree books). Christian picks Ana up from the table, lays her on thebed, and begins playing The First Time Even I Saw Your Face by RobertaFlack. With that song as the background, he makes love to her, contraryto how he described the kind of sex he has. When reading the books, Ikept waiting for this song to come into play because I felt itaccurately depicted their first meeting and subsequent relationship,and wasn't disappointed when it was played in this scene. But, thisvery important part of the book was left completely out of the film.I'm hoping the only reason is because they couldn't get the rights touse it.Set design: Same old same old.In my opinion, Darker is only marginally better than Grey. PerhapsFreed will finally get it right, although I doubt it because Darker andFreed were filmed back to back.