Hopefully, as a heterosexual female student in her twenties with a loveof film that spreads across all genres and decades, this will come overas a fair assessment of a film that genuinely did nothing for me.Like as was said in my review for 'Fifty Shades of Grey', have not readthe books, though have heard conflicting opinions that has mostly beenintense dislike. The reason for watching 'Fifty Shades Darker' was notdue to wanting to hate on it, being a negative person, curiosity butfor the reason of being at a film night with friends (who liked thebooks) recently and 'Fifty Shades Darker', like with 'Fifty Shades ofGrey', happened to be the film choice. Just for the record, the generalconsensus ranged from indifference to hating it with a passion.'Fifty Shades Darker' is a small improvement over its predecessor butnot by much. The flaws are still the same but it's not as quite asnear-irredeemably bad, and it at least tries to give some raunchy edgewhile not exactly succeeding.Once again, the beguiling soundtrack, that has a soothing nostalgia andappropriately amorous quality, is the best thing about it. It alsolooks good, nice use of scenery and very nicely shot. There is oneacting bright spot, which is Marcia Gay Harden who does very well withher role.However, the same flaws are all here. Like 'Fifty Shades of Grey',Danny Elfman's score is one-note and repetitive, as well as tooderivative of his recent work. He has composed some wonderful stuff('Edward Scissorhands' is magical) but this is really not his bestwork. Despite the change of director, the directing style feels toomannered and there is a real sense that the director was ill-suited tomaterial that is beneath him, after all he's done stuff like 'House ofCards' and 'Glengarry Glenn Ross'.The rest of the supporting cast fail to stand out, with Kim Basingerhaving little to do, next to nothing actually. More problematic oncemore are the two leads, and the chemistry is next to zero once more.Understated can be a lovely quality to acting, as long as it alsobecomes nuanced and with believability given to the dialogue. DakotaJohnson, especially in the first third, is too understated that itfeels more like there is a lack of personality or emotion. Jamie Dornanlooks uncomfortable throughout, delivers his cringe-worthy linesawkwardly and is just bland as dishwater with no charisma whatsoever.Chemistry is non-existent.Again, the dialogue does no favours, dialogue so bad that absolutelynobody (even the best actors and actresses) can do anything with it. Itcauses unintentional laughter throughout, is embarrassingly clunky andis pure smut. Then there is the story that is so thin structurally,heavy in repetition, so badly plodding and without style or atmospherethat the film feels twice as long. Even with attempts to give moreraunchiness and kinkiness, as well as edge, none of it comes overnaturally, feeling horribly contrived. The rest of it is done far tootamely and the BDSM portrayal is still deceitful. The characters arelittle more than ciphers.Overall, a small improvement but still pretty dreadful even when givingit a fair chance. 2/10 Bethany Cox