extremely disappointed. for a 2 hour movie, they seemed to havesquished every possible plot line they could in without tying the looseends together. they may do in the third film, but most of them madelittle sense and had almost no relevance to the overall story. to expand on this, what was the point of having Christian involved in ahelicopter accident? i understand that if he had of died or suffered anextreme injury such as brain damage, that would have affected the plotline greatly and would have been somewhat intriguing to see how hisrelationship with Ana continued with such a disadvantage, or didn'tcontinue at all. however, he came out of it with nothing but a fewscratches, had Anastasia and his family worried sick, and that wasthat. completely unnecessary, and if you ask me, they could have spentmore time strengthening and deepening Christian and Ana's emotionalrelationship instead, revealing more of Christian's inner demons andhow Ana is slowly teaching him how to love instead of dominate. ithought that plot line was interesting and one that definitely couldhave done with more attention. it was brushed over once or twice withthe lipstick and shower scene, and again, that was that.another plot line that seemed a little messy to me was how Anastasiawas being stalked by one of Christian's past submissive's due tojealousy. she held a gun to her, interrogated her almost, whenChristian stepped in to protect Ana. he informed Ana the girl wasn'timportant, that he was finished with that chapter of his life, andalas, that was that. we never really learned more about the younggirl's history personally or with Christian, or why she cared so muchabout stalking and hurting Ana. that could have been an interestingplot line if it was continued or even ended properly rather thanquickly.moving on to Anastasia's creepy boss. where was this plot line leadingto? or was it a sort of filler plot to show viewers the lengthsChristian would go to keep Ana safe? i'm unsure, but overall, it seemedlike a slight waste of time. when the boss was introduced first, theway he looked at Ana suggested he was interested in her on a deeperlevel than just boss to employee, which did spark a curiosity within meto see where it would lead. it began with him quite frustratinglytelling her to book a hotel room to join him in new York on somebusiness expedition, but it was quite obvious as to why he wanted toget her there alone. it ended not long after when Ana told him shecouldn't go, and he pinned her to the door and forcefully told her howmuch better being with him (sexually) rather than Christian would be.of course, Christian was waiting for Ana just outside, so she runs intohis arms and that's that. kind of pointless? as a plot line, they couldhave expanded on the boss personally; why was he like that (backgroundwise), why did he want an unavailable woman who was his colleague,knowing she was with one of the most powerful businessmen? they couldhave had him and Ana interact more to give the audience glimpses of hisintentions bit by bit instead of him all of a sudden trapping heragainst a door. it was all a bit quick and could have been focused onmore, if not at all.i didn't mind the plot line involving Christian's past dominant, hismother's friend. however, i do think her obsession with Anastasia was alittle overboard. i mean, destroying her car just to let her know she'snot the one for Christian?this sounds petty, but i'm not too sure about the choice of names. ilove Anastasia, but then having her assistant/co-worker be namedHannah? Ana and Hannah - it just sounded off when they would talk toeach other. i'm also not sure of this character but i think she was oneof Ana's bosses and had black hair. and then when we came acrossChristian's mother, these two characters looked almost identical and itwas fair to say i was confused for a bit. last but not least, the marriage proposal! WHAT! how so soon? at thebeginning they had only just got back together after Christian had doneunmentionable, sadistic things to Anastasia. and even then, Anastasiahad said she wanted to take things slow, which of course failed. and bythe end of the film they're engaged? it's probably just because it's afilm and things need to move fast, but i was quite shocked. i thought aplot line as big as this could have been focused on more in the thirdfilm, if there is one, after they had been together longer andexperienced more hurdles as a steady couple.overall, this movie was quite horrible and didn't really do the bookjustice! it was messy and just a bit 'all over the place'. if they doend up making a third movie, i sincerely hope for the sake of EL Jamesthat the story is portrayed and tied up nicely!