So this has another Jake Gyllenhaal weird ending. I guess he only likesweird movies these days. The ending obviously is the talking point ofthe movie. And it's kind of a downer.But in retrospect the movie makes sense, just not at the time. In mycase, at the end I totally understood the parallels to the book hewrote and his life. That the abduction of the women was tied to theloss of his aborted daughter and divorce of his wife. And that he wasangry about it. What I anticipated was that Tony was going to carry outthe "REVENGE" in a similar fashion. That he was going to kill Susan'snew husband or some other outrageous plan. But nope, it wasn't thatexciting or dramatic.Revenge in this movie is kind of a bitch move. Don't show up to adinner invited. Wow, what revenge! I guess for Tom Ford, being gay anda fashion designer for Gucci, this is the sort of thing that passes asoutrageous revenge.But because I anticipated more, the movie actually was confusing at theend. And a huge downer. Oh, he didn't show up. The end. Uh...what?? Butin retrospect, again, the movie actually is more satisfying. As astraight man it is sort of a nice revenge on a woman that throws you tothe side because she's weak then thinking she can simply get you backnot realizing what a bitch she was and how you no longer want her.The drinking of the whiskey in the same glass refers to who is theloser. At first it's Tony, then he gets his crap together, then it'sSusan. Tony realizes that the only reason he was with a loser wasbecause he was a loser.The one thing I hated about the movie was the opening. With theoverweight women dancing naked. Ford says this is symbolic of Tonyexposing himself creatively. I thought that was complete nonsense. IfTom Ford had been on stage waving his tiny penis, then I'd get it.Instead what it represented to me was a director/producer hiding behindhis fashion, exploiting other people and their flaws to self-aggrandizehimself. I thought it was appalling and Tom Ford looks like anself-important jerk. "Hey look I'm putting myself out there, showing myinsecurities...by showing other people's insecurities". What a load ofcrap.The irony that a fashion designer who hides behind pretty women, not tomention sun glasses, has the balls to say he's that open creatively.