Seven year after fashion designer Tom Ford surprised everyone bydelivering a tender, stylish romance with A Single Man, thewriter/director returns for another tale of romantic exploration tingedwith danger and sadness. Adapted from Austin Wright's 1993 novel Tonyand Susan and renamed Nocturnal Animals for the screen, Ford expertlyweaves three narratives, each with their unique look, tone and mood,into a brooding character study. One of the few criticisms thrown at ASingle Man was its tendency to place style above substance, but Idisagreed at the time, and offer Nocturnal Animals as proof that Fordis a skilled director who balances aesthetic and narrative seamlessly,and often to devastating effect.The film opens with shocking images of obese women dancingprovocatively, and naked, in front of the camera. It's the opening ofartist Susan Morrow's (Amy Adams) latest work, and it's a hit amongstthe champagne-guzzlers who occupy the room. Susan seems to haveeverything: a lavish, modern mansion; a wardrobe full of expensiveclothes; and a dashing (and rich) husband in Hutton (Armie Hammer).Everything, that is, other than happiness. At a dinner with her pompousartists friends (including a scene-stealing Michael Sheen), she voicesher concerns about her husband's suspected affairs and her struggle totake herself seriously in her line of work. As Hutton jets off on abusiness trip, Susan is home alone when she receives a package from herex-husband Tony (Jake Gyllenhaal). It's a draft of his finished novel,called Nocturnal Animals.There a multiple stories within the film, and we are transported intothe novel as Susan reads it. It begins with a family driving down adeserted highway at night when they are suddenly run off the road by agroup of rednecks. The father (also Gyllenhaal) attempts to diffuse thesituation by offering to pay for the damages, but the hooligans, headedby the psychopathic Ray Marcus (Aaron Taylor- Johnson) wind upkidnapping the wife and daughter. The further this dark, violent taletakes us, the clearer it becomes that it is mirroring Susan's reality,and that there may be a hidden message in there somewhere. Is Tonyf*****g with his ex-wife for a prior incident, or could it be hisbizarre way of trying to win back her affections? Either way, thisfictional narrative clearly holds the key to unravelling the couple'spart turmoil, and the mindset of both Tony and Susan after theirmarriage fell apart.The performances are impressive throughout. Adams demands yourattention whenever she graces the screen, expressing the most powerfulof emotions with the subtlest of facial movements. Michael Shannon, whowas shockingly the only one of the four leads to receive an Oscar nod,is particularly memorable as a long-past- giving-a-f**k Texan lawmanriddled with cancer. Yet it's Ford who emerges as the star, deliveringan expertly crafted crime psychodrama that is both a curious study ofthe grotesque bourgeois and a lean, mean Texas revenge thriller. Whileit's certainly true that the male characters are much more layered thanthe females, the film received unfair accusations of misogyny upon itsrelease, which may explain its absence from the major categories duringawards season. It's a shame, as Nocturnal Animals deserves somerecognition for its intoxicating cocktail of Hitchcockian tension,gritty human drama, and decadent visuals.