The sign of a great film is one that leaves you pondering things aboutit like "what was the meaning of this?" 'Nocturnal Animals' is one ofthose films, as its dual story lines and multiple metaphors provideenough material to consider long after the credits role.'Animals,' which is Tom Ford's second directorial effort, follows thelife of Susan Morrow (Amy Adams,) an influential art director who'sliving a materialistic life in Los Angeles devoid of true happiness,cheating husband and all. One day, Susan is sent a manuscript of anovel Edward Sheffield (Jake Gyllenhaal), her ex-husband 19 yearsremoved, has written. The novel, titled "Nocturnal Animals," consumesSusan, and the deeper she gets into its pages - the events of which weget to see unfold on screen - the more she starts to re-evaluate herlife and past choices.'Animals' is filmed beautifully. It's dark, yes, but in a way in whichevery scene is there by intention, not accident. The acting istop-notch, not just from Adams and Gyllenhaal, but key supportingactors like Michael Shannon, who plays a stereotypical west Texasdeputy assigned to the case at the center of the novel's plot, to AaronTaylor-Johnson, the living definition of "trailer trash" and mainantagonist. And the soundtrack is haunting, which is exactly what you'dexpect for this kind of film.But again, it's the plot and its endless mysteries that make 'Animals'what it is. If you're expecting a typical Hollywood thriller that ismore or less linear and wraps everything up in a nice package at theend, beware - this is not the case at all. There are enough parts ofthe film that could be over-analyzed that by the end you think you'veearned a degree in psychology. And the double- meaning of the novel andhow it contrasts with the real-life (non-)relationship between Susanand Edward is powerful. There has been much debate about the meaning ofthe final scene, as well, and clearly there is no right or wronginterpretation. Again, the sign of a great film.Sure, 'Nocturnal Animals' didn't find much of an audience in theaters.But quality cinema usually finds an audience one way or another, soit's a good bet the same will happen in this instance.