Nocturnal Animals follows a woman who, after receiving a manuscript ofa novel written by her ex-husband, begins to read it and drawsconnections from the story to her own life. The performances are all outstanding in this movie. Jake Gyllenhaal isamazing, further proving to the world why he's one of the best actorsin the business, and begging the question of why he hasn't won an Oscaryet. Michael Shannon is great as well, pulling a both very serious andsomewhat frightening role, while also adding a hint of comedy. Whilehis character is something of a cliché, he has enough depth to him tomake him believable and interesting. And somehow, through that he snagsa lot of dark comedy out of it. But if you were to ask me, the bestperformance here is Aaron Taylor- Johnson. I've never seen him likethis before, he fully gives himself to this performance. He's haunting,and makes for some of the best, and most disturbing, scenes in thismovie. Even when he acts completely insane, he seems to believe it. Hischaracter absolutely believes, lives even, every single line ofdialogue. Every single move he makes is just perfect. Each of theseactors steal every scene their in, and they often share scenes. It'sgreat. With actors like these, the movie proves hard to watch on multipleoccasions, and it creates genuine feelings of dread or anger on thepart of the audience. When a movie manages to get the audience thatinvested, you know it's done something right. The writing is great. The way the story moves and progresses is bothrealistic and engaging. The movie knows that the portions from themanuscript itself are more interesting than the parts with the ex-wife, and as such most of the movie is consumed by the manuscript. The symbolic imagery is really good too. It used images or scenes toconnect other scenes or situations, then continues to build on theconnection and symbolism through that. And it's not like it'sconvoluted or hard to figure out, it's rather simple actually, and yetit's very clever. Amy Adams stars in this movie, more as a supporting character, and shewas sort of off and on. Considering how few her scenes were, it wassomewhat hard to develop her character, and by the end the audiencereally hadn't learned much about who she was and she really wasn'tgiven the chance to blow any of us away. This isn't a bad performanceby her, it's pretty average by her standards actually. If you were toask me what her best 2016 performance was I would absolutely say it was'Arrival', but for what her role was, she did a good job here too. Despite the horror and intrigue presented by this film, it does tendthe drag from time to time. While the out-of-manuscript moments arenecessary to make the movie deeper, they're also a lot slower and anunappreciated break from a thrilling story. This is where it gets kindof confusing for me, because if the movie didn't have theseout-of-manuscript moments it wouldn't be as layered, whereas if itkeeps these moments the pacing suffers. It really comes down to whichI'd prefer, and I think I'd rather yawn a couple times than lose depth. Overall Nocturnal Animals is fantastic. The acting, the writing, theplot, the layers, and even the comedy are all outstanding. It suffersfrom pacing, but it's a worthy sacrifice. In the end I would highlyrecommend this movie and I can't wait to see it again.