It is crazy to think that Tom Ford who is best known as a fashiondesigner could make the leap to movies so seamlessly with just twofilms under his belt. With Nocturnal Animals, he further proves hisknack for visuals and storytelling with this tale of criminals andfancy art.Good: The story switches back and forth between two narratives: thenovel and the present without feeling out of place or lost. The twostories switch back and forth seamlessly and with connections throughwhat the novel has to say about the main characters in the present. Itis a device to convey the messages of the movie in a fresh way and nothead down the "sad rich people" route that we see a lot of whendiscussing Los Angeles. The novel which is a fantastic old schoolthriller does a lot to build on the main story and adds lots ofexcitement to the movie as well. The novel's setup in West Texas isfantastic and downright suspenseful with fantastic performances fromJake Gyllenhaal, Michael Shannon, and Aaron Taylor-Johnson. Shannon inparticular is fantastic as a Texas Range who provides the best scenesin the movie. Johnson is downright frightening in this movie as one ofthe biggest sleazeballs in recent memory for me. Adams is solid in herrole as she plays a much colder character than what we are used toseeing her. The cinematography and set design is fantastic with greatshots of the Texas desert. The ending was great in my opinion as it wasthe best way to finish it.Bad: The main storyline and characters, while solid, is not asenthralling as the novel's story. In fact, if you take the novel out ofthis and concentrated on Adams's story, it would have been a dullerfilm. The main story just doesn't have that pop when compared to thenovel especially since that story conveys the themes of the movie waybetter. Overall, it is a beautiful film with a mean streak. The two storiescomplement each other by delivering the themes of the movie anddelivering an exciting thriller as well. The novel's story is betterthan the main plot, but it is wonderful to see it come together withfantastic direction and performances.