Hello, dear reader - if by some miraculous coincidence you stumbledupon this review, hidden among others.This will be actually more of an analysis. Two friends had me explainWHAT THIS FILM WAS EVEN ABOUT when they saw I liked it on Facebook.I've also noticed that - as with many art-house movies ? reviews varyfrom "A masterpiece!" to "This is about NOTHING". I understand - a lotof films I myself don't get at all or I don't think they deserve thehype. ?Nocturnal Animals" I get pretty well though, and I can tell youfor sure it's not about nothing. So I'll share my thoughts.Spoilers ahead, read after you've watched the film.1. Who is Susan? This movie is best to watch putting yourself in Susan's shoes. Youdon't have to like her, but you have to understand her. That'sespecially important when it comes to analyzing Edward's book, sinceit's obvious that the events from the book that we see on-screen arefiltered through her mind. We get drawn into the fictional world whenshe starts reading and come back whenever she stops.So, who is she? For me Susan is, first and foremost, a person whodoesn't fit anywhere.She's pragmatic and cynical, and she knows it. She doesn't like itabout herself though; rather she's resigned to accept it. So when as agrad student she bumps into Edward - her brother's childhood friend andher teenage crush ? who infectiously believes she can be more thanthat, she falls into his arms.One manifestation of what she escapes is the story of her brother. He'sgay; their parents have practically disowned him; Susan hates them forit. She tells Edward that her brother once had a crush on him - hisreaction: "I should call him more often". His different, soft, humanapproach is what draws her to him.On the other side stands Susan's mother. She's stern and dogmatic butshe loves her child. She immediately knows that Susan and Edward aren'tright for each other. She warns her daughter that "We all eventuallyturn into our mothers", and that when Susan's organized nature startsshowing, she'll hurt Edward.Later it turns out she was right. Edward insists writing is hiscalling, but he isn't any good. Susan eventually stops believing inhim. She needs stabilization. She leaves him for another man, Edward'scomplete opposite. She aborts Edward's child.But then it turns out she suffocates in her new neat life, too. Heronly constant: she doesn't fit. Whomever she's with, she suffers frominsomnia (the "nocturnal animal", Edward once called her).These are the opposites Susan fluctuates between: chaos and order;Edward's softness and pragmatism that runs in her blood.2. The book. What does Edward say to Susan? However Susan understandsthe book is indicative of what she thinks Edward wants to communicatewith it. So it hints at what happened between them in the past, a lotearlier than the film actually spells it out. Prepare to watch Susan'sreactions and then put the puzzles together through her flashbacks.Only after seeing the end do you realize what game Edward was playingall along.He gave the book a title that was their private joke, then dedicated itto Susan. She knew the book was about him ? he'd never stopped ?writingabout himself" when they were together. (That's why she saw Tony asEdward and why Gyllenhaal played both roles).Edward knew Susan feels guilty for what she's done. For a long timeafter she must have identified Tony's family harassers as the eponymousanimals - her counterparts in the book - he kept her uncertain of theirintentions. Will they hurt the family? Will they leave them alone?Finally, they killed them, as Susan destroyed her and Edward'srelationship and aborted their child. Edward portrayed Tony's grief,letting Susan know: "Here's what you did to me". Then he expanded onRay Marcus ? a mindless psychopath ? sending the message: "Here's whatyou are to me now". Finally, Tony kills Ray and dies himself, whichmeans: "Writing this killed me, but at least now you're dead too".Edward's revenge might seem childish. But it shows what power thoseonce-close hold over each other. Edward doesn't have to spell it allout to Susan. She knows she hurt him once and he knows that she knows.He knows that what gives her some peace is the thought that perhaps,with time, he forgave her, or at least understood. He takes thatcomfort from her.What did Susan do? She left a man she wasn't compatible with. Sheaborted a baby she didn't want. Whatever your personal opinion of it isdoesn't matter; that's not the point. The point is that such thingspeople live with. But Susan now has to live with more than that: theknowledge that she made a person she once loved suffer for the next 20years. Suffer enough to regret his own softness and humanity (Tony'squalities that made the murder possible). Enough to turn into a man shedidn't recognize anymore and to write a book just to make her suffer inturn.3. The ending.I've seen people write THERE IS NO ENDING AT ALL.What happens in the end is this: Edward and Susan arrange for a dinnerto discuss the book; she comes and waits; he never appears.It might seem anti-climatic; but if you were in Susan's place, Iguarantee you wouldn't say so. She realizes she'll never be absolved;that the worst possible interpretation of Edward's book was theintended one; that this story will soon be published. Maybe become abestseller. Her past has caught up with her.Thank you for reading and have a great day :)