**SPOILERS** Okay, so here's the thing. If you look at my personalratings of movies, you'll probably notice I'm VERY easy to please. Ioften feel guilty because I give too many movies a rating of 8-10, whenthe average is about a 6.5. I like movies. I watch a movie to beentertained, and if a movie does a good job of entertaining me, I liketo give positive ratings... So I want to repeat, I am NOT hard toplease. I'm very easy. That being said, most of my ratings are justthat, a rating. Very rarely will I actually type out a review. I'mdoing so now as a plea to other individuals out there, do NOT watchthis movie, or rather, do NOT waste 2 hours of your life watching amiserable story play out... This couldn't be worse. What kind of sickodecides to make an 'artsy' movie out of every mans/husbands/fathersworst nightmare? Why did I actually continue watching?! I judge myselffor putting up with it. I mean come on, I should have given in andturned it off when 15 minutes into the movie, I'm watching some redneckscumbags drag a mans wife and daughter away from their car to dopotentially terrible things while the father/husband does essentiallynothing to stop the perpetrators. But no, I kept on going. So then Ishould have turned it off 15 minutes later when you find the mans wifeand daughter lying dead and naked, draped together in a death embrace(is this supposed to be 'beautiful' or 'artistic'?!). So his wife anddaughter were raped and murdered... NOW is where I stopped watching,right? No, I kept going. Shame on me. So then I get to watch theutterly slow drama of how the perpetrators are eventually found by adying police officer, and 'revenge' (if you want to call it that) ishad in the end, only to then die in the process of carrying out thatrevenge... Then we get to watch the main character sip wine in arestaurant for like 3 minutes for no reason whatsoever, aaaaand cut toblack, roll credits... REALLY!?!? I'm all for violent movies. I'm allfor drama. Heck I'm even all for an artsy fartsy flick once in a while.But THIS garbage needs to be avoided by anyone looking to beentertained. If you are after a movie to be angered, bothered,tormented, and disgusted, then sure, go for it. But if you're like meand you enjoy watching movies to be entertained, do yourself a favorand move on to the next movie you've been curious about. All that being said, the ONE redeeming part of this movie is theacting. Great acting. But it's got a great cast, so I would expectnothing less... I just wish these great actors had chosen a differentscreenplay to lend their talent to.