Nocturnal Animals is a stylish thriller written and directed by TomFord. In only his second outing as writer/director Ford shows aincredible level of maturity and ease behind the camera. This isexemplified as the film interweaves three stories at once. The filmfollows Susan Morrow(Amy Adams) as she receives an advanced copy of arevenge thriller novel from her ex-husband Edward Sheffield(JakeGyllenhaal). Who during the course of film is shown through flashbacksto have been badly hurt by Susan in the films second narrative.As Susan begins to read the novel dedicated to her entitled NocturnalAnimals, the film splits into its third story. It sees Gyllenhaal playthe fictional book character called Tony Hastings. As she becomes moreand more engrossed in the brutal story, she begins to reflect back onkey events that have effected her life and lead to her creative andemotional un-fulfilment.The third storyline, which is the fictional novel unfolding on thescreen, is the best part of the film. This story in a story focuses onTony and his family who are going on a vacation, that is until thingsturn fatally violent on a lone desert road. They are attacked andridden off the road at the malice of a crazed lunatic Ray Marcussadistically played by Aaron-Taylor Johnson, and his two buddies. Thispart of the story is Immediately the most engaging aspect of the film,and remains so until all three stories converge in the final tenminutes of the film.Nocturnal Animals is beautifully shot by Ford and his cinematographerSeamus McGorvey. It's impeccably crafted using stunning visual imagery.Although it's filled at times with fairly blatant and over the topsymbolism and allegories. Whilst it can be distracting in a couple ofscenes, the symbolism is well thought out for the most part. NocturnalAnimals is a well written film that pulls no punches, whilst it mightnot be as brutally visceral as some films in its genre, it's rawIntensity keeps the viewer on edge for the majority of the film. It's afantastically crafted revenge thriller that works on multiple levels.