Do you like movies that expect you to be fully concentrated throughoutit and that make you think hours after it ended? Well, that's NocturnalAnimals. A lot of people disliked this film because of it, so I'msaying it to you straight: if you don't like watching movies that leaveyou with a bunch of unanswered questions and that expect you to solvethem, then forget it, this isn't a movie for you ...The narratives are so well-constructed, Tom Ford directed this moviebrilliantly. The production design is amazing with all the visual cuesand the editing is excellent (it increases the confusion purposely).The story within the story is obviously the most captivating andfascinatingly dark. So dark. It's unbelievably tense, emotional and TomFord does a great job connecting them all (even if he's sloppy andpretentious at some points).The casting is one of the best of 2016. Amy Adams is very good (betterin Arrival), but the biggest praise goes to Jake Gyllenhaal (also playsTony Hastings), who continues to be ignored even when he's one of thegreatest actors of his generation and he keeps proving that over andover again ... Wake up, Hollywood! Michael Shannon (Bobby Andes) isabsolutely perfect and an Oscar nomination is more than deserved, aswell as Aaron Taylor-Johnson (Ray Marcus), who looks so, but so muchdark and creepy that I started to feel disgusted just by looking athim, which is a great compliment since that's what he's supposed tomake me feel.It's really a great movie, it's very different and unconventional (alot of people are going to hate it as they hated Swiss Army Man, justbecause they don't follow the common path) and the opening scene alone... Well, it might be the biggest shock in the entire film for somepeople. There's an open ending, so a lot of internet theories werealready created, but I suggest you think by yourself and try to makesense of all of it. There isn't a solution for this film ending, itdepends on the interpretation of each viewer, so think. Just think.The only issues I find with this film are, as I said above, theexcessive visual cues that Tom Ford sometimes gets a little toopretentious and sloppy using them and the fact that the book's story isso captivating that takes away some interest in the others. Also, evenif mostly well done, he doesn't always get a cohesive connectionbetween the narratives, especially when he tries to compare them alltogether.However, Nocturnal Animals is a great unconventional film with amazingnarratives that connect with each other (mostly) well. The cast isridiculously good with major praise to Gyllenhaal and Sheen, and TomFord's directing is wonderful, even if sloppy at points. This is a darkand tense film that leaves us thinking of all the unanswered questionsand the captivating story that I can't wait to rewatch.- MSB Reviews - If you like my reviews, please follow my blog :)