At the start of "Everything, Everything," it was clear that the filmwould be either (a) a Romeo & Juliet-style tearjerker or (b) awish-fulfillment fantasy. As it turned out, the scripting was so badthat the film ended somewhere in the middle between these polarities.The two young actors were winsome in their performances of thestar-crossed lovers, Maddy Whittier and Olly Bright. The youngstersfaced the insurmountable conflict of family dysfunction, but also thegrim realities of Maddy living in an antiseptic bubble, due to hercondition of severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID). She is unableeven to go outside, let alone have personal contact with others, due toher weak immune system.Given this background, it was a stretch to believe that the two youngpeople would take off for Hawaii together. Any sensitive filmmgoer hadto cringe when Maddy boarded the germ-y airplane, not to mentionbedding down with Olly.SPOILER FOLLOWS: But nothing can prepare the viewer for the majorrevelation that occurs late in the film. It turns out that the mother,a medical doctor who has sworn the Hippocratic oath, has lied to herdaughter about the SCID; the kid was fine all along! Having lost herhusband and her baby boy, Dr. Pauline Whittier was suffering from suchemotional pain and narcissism that she turned into a super controlfreak with regard to her daughter's life. The revelation of a sick andtwisted mother did not emerge organically out of the character of Dr.Whittier. Rather, it was a convenient plot twist clumsily imposed onthe film to allow the two young people to elope. There was blatantdishonesty in the portrayal of the doctor. How could any parent lock achild up, stunt the child's development, and thwart the youngster'sdreams? The excellent actress playing the role of the doctor had tostruggle to put a human face on a psychotic character.It is difficult to come to terms with a film that elicits neither tearsnor warmth from the outcome of the relationship of young Maddy andOlly. The feeling that results in this bizarre film may best bedescribed as "icky." Perhaps there will be a sequel in which thederanged Dr. Whittier meets the abusive father of Olly Bright nextdoor. Those two single parents who turned their families into trainwrecks would make a fine pair indeed.