Everything, Everything is a movie with a great premise for a story, buta rushed and contrived ending causes, what should have been anexcellent film, to fall apart like a house of cards. It isn't justunfortunate. It's sad. I've seen plenty of bad films over 40 years ofwatching movies, but movies that disappoint me the most, are the onesthat start off really strong, but then fail to deliver at the endduring the "home stretch."Maddy Whittier is an 18-year-old girl whose entire world is confined toher house. Due to a rare disease called SCID (Severe Combine ImmuneDeficiency), she is unable to step outside without literally riskingher life, as she is vulnerable to everything. Almost immediately, she sees Olly move in next door, and for somereason, she's captivated by him. Movies shouldn't always provide anexplanation for such connections, since invariably people ARE attractedto others without knowing why. This film smartly moves forward. Theyfirst communicate via texting (never Skype, which doesn't make sense),and then eventually, Maddy's nurse agrees to secretly let the boy comeover. Everything in the house, including people, are sterilized. Theymeet, and clearly there is a connection. Maddy's true dream is to see and swim in the ocean, and she and Olly,decide to take off for Hawaii, thus putting her life at risk. But,isn't a day of living worth more than a lifetime in prison? As anaudience member, we sympathize with her, despite knowing what is likelygoing to happen. Up until this point, the movie is working, and then, fatefully, thewriters and director decided to throw in a convoluted, rushed twist toensure that the movie ends almost perfectly, nice and neat in a perfectbox with a little bow on top. It turns out that Maddy's mother has been less than truthful aboutMaddy's condition, thus turning the mother into a monster right out ofa Stephen King novel! When Maddy finds out, her reaction is downrighthilarious, when it shouldn't be. If you found out that you were beingtrapped in the world of your house because you were being manipulatedfor your entire 18 years of life, how would you react? Eighteen yearsof your life have literally been stolen from you. Everything you'vedreamed of doing has been just that: a dream. Maddy's reaction isridiculous and completely unrealistic, and only serves to help thewriter to wrap up the film in a nice "Hallmark" contrived manner. Itleft me shaking my head. Any rational, logical character would havebeen overcome with anger and even rage. Instead, Maddy runs away.Maddy's mother shows up to apologize. And while Maddy hasn't forgivenher mother, they embrace in a tearful farewell. I teach middle schoolwriting students who could come up with a better ending than thewriters did for this film.The movie turns in very strong performances all around. I was veryimpressed with the cast, and the story was working...until the end.Unfortunately, the ending is so contrived that a movie that I was readyto give a "9" to, ended up dropping because the ending hurts the entirefilm. I wouldn't hire the writers or the director to do anything elseif this was the best that they could do. Talk about a wasted and blownopportunity!