Virtually every single element in "Everything, Everything" rings falseand manipulative ? and that's BEFORE we get to a Big Reveal socontrived, so insanely implausible, so monstrously tone-deaf, we cansee the entire movie plunging off a cliff, landing with a sickeningthud in the Land of the Not-the-best Movies of the Year.The movie has pure intentions. The filmmakers and the cast set out tomake a sweet, teen-friendly romance based on the young adult novel byNicola Yoon. Yet the story is spun in such a way we're constantlythinking, "OK, wait a minute?" and the characters are thinly drawn, andtheir reactions to various developments are wildly out of tune withwhat we would expect from actual human beings in those situations.The story is told from the point of view of 18-year-old Maddie whohasn't been out of the house since she was an infant because she has arare form of an autoimmune disease. Mere exposure to the outside aircould literally kill her.So wait a minute. If that's the case, why can't Maddie have othervisitors? Why has she been allowed just the one nurse and the onefriend for nearly 18 years? We know Maddie's father and brother werekilled in a car crash just after Maddie was born, but doesn't Maddiehave any other family that would want to visit? If Maddie has survivedhundreds of visits from Nurse Carla and Rosa, why wouldn't her motherallow the girl to have other human interaction? What's the deal, Mom?Director Stella Meghie tries to expand the universe of the film byplacing some of the text and phone conversations in stylised physicalsettings such as a library and a diner. (An astronaut of Maddie'simagination usually lurks nearby, filing books or trying to sip amilkshake. Don't ask.) Stenberg and Robinson have OK chemistry as theyoung couple, but their dialogue often sounds overly scripted, and oncethey're actually in the same room together, it's hardly Romeo andJuliet on the Passion Meter."Everything, Everything" goes from bland to terrible in the sequencesthat should pack the most dramatic punch. Once Maddie risks all byventuring into the outside world, she seems disoriented and overwhelmedfor all of about 15 minutes ? and then she just acts like a normalteenager, perusing the racks in a clothing store, frolicking on thebeach, singing to jams in the car. You'd think the experience of beingoutside for the first time in her conscious life would be a littlemore, um, impact-full?Even before things start to fall apart, the film is too dreamilyslow-paced for its own good, thereby allowing too much time for viewersto question minor details they might not have noticed were they fullyengaged with the narrative. (How did Maddy, who hasn't left her housein 18 years, acquire the photo ID she'd need to board a plane? And howdoes she intend to pay what must be a humongous credit card bill?)On the other hand, viewers who actually prefer their romantic dramas tobe dreamily slow-paced likely will be willing to ignore such minutiaeand simply go with the flow. Indeed, they may even shrug off thethird-act reveal as a minor speed bump on the road toward acrowd-pleasing resolution.