Director Stella Meghie offers a seemingly charming teen love story thattakes from the pages of Nicola Yoon's young adult novel of the samename. It is a fresh entry devoid of the tiresome romantic formula thathas dominated many adaptations of the Nicolas Sparks novels. It is afilm that starts off promising and carries the feel of a fresh newstart in Hollywood's series of YA novel adaptations. That is until thefreshness is greatly diminished an overly contrived turn of the eventsthat render the story more preposterous than satisfying. This film,following the developing between two teens with vastly different socialbackgrounds, is a thought- provoking tale explores the life of a girlsuffering from an illness that leaves severely restrained to a shortquantity of life. But how the director manages to carry out the storyis the big question and the answer to the flaws that lie within aconvenient little plot twist that borders on the line of outrightabsurdity. This film focuses on Madeline Whittier (played by AmandlaStenberg), an 18- year old girl who has spent her entire life confinedwithin the perimeter of her home as a result of a disease called severecombined immunodeficiency, which renders her immune system incapable offighting off a single contact of bacteria. She goes outside andcontacts just one germ and it could be fatal. The only people she hascontact with is her mother (played by Anika Noni Rose) who happens tobe a doctor and her nurse Carla (played by Ana De La Reguera). Upon thelooking out her window, she meets the eyes of a handsome young mannamed Olly (played by Nick Robinson) who moves next door with hisfamily. As the two begin to bond through texting, written notes on thewindows, and eventually in person; the two fall in love which soonleads to her risking her life in an outside world that is not friendlywith her severely weak immune system. The film wanders with a concept that asks you imagine a life where yourworld is restricted within the confines your home and your social lifeis an impossibility at the hands of an illness at ministers your bodydevastatingly fragile. Could living a life of fear be considered ahealthy life? From the start, the film handles the mysterious life ofMadeline in a mature way as it explores in depth her everyday lifewhich is limited to reading books and constructing her own worldthrough her imagination including her dreams of seeing the ocean. Thenarrative allows viewer to feel her emotions and eventually experienceher awkwardness when she first comes face-to-face the boy next door.The chemistry between the two once they fall in love lends a spark, andthe performances by the two which are governed by Amandla Stenberg,known for her role as Rue as 'The Hunger Games' five years ago, andNick Robinson, known for his roles a films such as 'The Kings ofSummer', 'Jurassic World', and the mediocre YA novel adaptation 'The5th Wave'; are quite decent. And while the story spends a fair amountof time avoiding the temptation of jabbing at the hearts with emotionalexploitation, the quality of the story is sorely diminished in thesecond half when the story makes a preposterous turn that not onlymakes it difficult to provide a proper suspension of disbelief butfeels too contrived to be satisfying. The best thing the director canmake out of this problematic turn is allowing viewers to experience thesense of anxiety that Madeline may succumb to her illness when sheescapes with Olly to fly out on a vacation to Hawaii in attempt to testher boundaries. Even then, it is hard to escape the sense ofimplausibility of how Madeline gets sick from going outside for theless than a minute, but somehow manages to sustain hours of swimming inthe ocean where such bacteria runs rampant. It only makes thing morequestionable when all is known. Everything, Everything is a kind of YA novel adaptation that embarkswith a promise, but gradually diminishes into a contrived romanticdrama that wastes half of its potential on such an absurd twist. Thereis no doubt that the film will meet the satisfaction of its targetdemographics, which is adolescent girls -- particularly the ones whohave read the novel of the same name. As a teen drama, this one is moreof a disposable option.