Coming of age movies have come in a variety of styles, packages, and ofcourse quality. While the number of generational novels (and subsequentmovies) have increased over the decades, their quality has decreasedfor many, lost to the gimmick of modern, superficial entertainment ithas become. And so here comes yet another addition to the teenage bookmovie collection Everything, Everything! Interesting title aside, Imust admit I didn't have high hopes for this movie, but neverthelessI'm back in the theater to give you the thoughts on yet another film.Let's get it on?figuratively that is. LIKES ? Good pace ? Great chemistry ? Realistic, not annoying ? TwistSummary: Okay, when it comes to love stories?we know I find the pace tobe slow and often boring, (yes, I'm a robot). However, in Everything,Everything, that trend was finally broken. No, your eyes are notplaying tricks on you my friends, you read right. Everything,Everything keeps the pace moving, making sure to bring prompt, conciseintroductions and dive right into the story at hand. No this doesn'tmean they skip over too many things (admit haven't read the story), butit keeps the adventure going, all while maintaining the romanceinvolved. What helped accomplish this? In all honesty, I think it was thechemistry that made the movie, with the two stars Amandla Stenberg andNick Robinson having a fantastic relationship with each other. Theyplay off each other's emotions, seem to like working with other, andmaximize the energy they bring to the screen. It's like they areactually in love with each other, or at least friends, and that soldthe relationship/story for me. An added bonus is that the relationshipfelt like a real example of a developing relationship, forgoing thecheap antics of cheesy love that most romantic comedies choose. Theyweren't instantly soul mates or magically destined to succeed. So, niceto see that portrayed every once in a while. Yet the main thing that sunk me into the tale was the twist in thestory. It takes a lot to surprise me in movies (I've seen so many afterall), but this movie was able to covertly hide some nuances that seemedinconsistent were instead hints at what was to come. While it tookplace a little late, it really brought the film to full circle andended the film with a powerful finale. Nice job my friends? nice job. DISLIKES ? A slow abridged start ? A few overacted moments ? Some odddirections ? Dropped characters ? Uniqueness is kind of missingSummary: I know what you're thinking, you're contradicting yourselfagain. Hear me out, overall the pace worked for me, but the openingtook a little time to take off the ground. The introduction was alittle dragged out and slow, merely a compellation of moping sceneswith a monologue overlapping to explain the abridged, somewhatunderdeveloped details. In addition, the movie takes some odd turns in the film, going intosome pointless tangents that were odder than anything. A commonmetaphor is the astronaut to which she compares her life to, a symbolof being a long individual stuck in the vast, empty void. Coolsymbolism, but it gets lost in these trippy side arcs of the astronauttrying to do mundane tasks in the background while our characters actout their text messages. I'm guessing it was trying to be funny, butthis weirdness was an unneeded distraction that did little but make methink some drugs could have been involved. Well that and helpingdistract from some of the more overacted moments. Despite a richchemistry between each other, there were times that reaction failed toactivated, leading too some flat attempts at get tears going.Fortunately, these eye rolling moments were kept to a minimum. And while the story was good overall for me, there are still a fewother flaws that hit me. First of all, the trailers spent some timebuilding up a few characters (such as the nurse and for a while themother), only for them to drop them out of the picture for a longwhile. Why the dropped story? Why the potential for a little emotionalbuild up to really kick things up? Probably for more kissing anddeclarations of love I suppose. Still they cheated us out of some goodcharacter interactions, leaving us to explore those components byreading the book. How dare they! This brings me to the last dislike,the lack of uniqueness. Despite the twists, surprises and decent pace,Everything, Everything still lacks that unique touch that we all stilllook for. It has all the familiar elements of this genre, with littledeviation and originality to compliment on. If this familiarity is whatyou want, then great, because that comfort is present in the movie.However, if you are looking for something with a little more pizazz andoriginality? then you will want to move along. The VERDICT:Despite lacking originality, this reviewer is pleased to see a qualitycoming of age movie hit the theaters this weekend. Everything,Everything certainly has everything you want in a teenage chick flickwith a decent pace, good acting chemistry, and a nice twist to sprucethings up. Yet it still is that familiar story of love Hollywood likesand lacks a lot of theater worthy elements that make it worth theadmission price. Therefore, I can recommend this movie for a visit ifyou're looking for a good book movie, but I still recommend waiting forRedbox to see this film. My score is:Drama/Romance: 8.0 Movie Overall: 6.5