Everything, Everything is this year's young adult novel turned filmabout young love facing the incredible obstacle of overcomingdisability or disease.It's like these studios lay in wait for another big deadly disease tocome through and then say, "jackpot". Is there any other problem facingyoung adults other than death? Oh yeah, there is, studios are just toochicken to see if it's profitable enough yet. Simply put, Maddy is a young adult with an immuno-deficiency disorderthat makes going outside very deadly. Her house is basically like thathermetically sealed room Tom Cruise has to break into in the firstMission Impossible.Her dreams include seeing the ocean and going to school but apparentlynone of that makes her want to jeopardize her health like seeing thenew neighbor for the first time.He's a long-haired, pretty boy skateboarder named Ollie who starts outby giving her this douchey smile and literally waving his hair in thesun. I swear to God I haven't wanted to see a skateboarder smash intosomething in a real long time. There's no question these two are going to start a romance- one thatincludes Ollie performing funny skits from the window right across fromher, making her a playlist, and taping pictures of every ocean to theoutside of her living room window. The cuteness factor actually get's laid-on pretty thick here. It's hardnot to think around the half hour mark that if it weren't for a couplemissing white blood cells these two would already be on "16 andPregnant". I do really like Amandla Stenberg though, who played Rue in "The HungerGames". She's actually 18 now and not much makes me feel old, but thisdoes for some reason. Anyway, she captures the repressed teenage longing of someone who wantsway more than she'll ever be allowed to get but she's also spirited atthe same time. Her few scenes of social awkwardness, like impressingOllie with a handstand, work too. Being that the entire film is told from Maddy's perspective, NickRobinson isn't as good, more of a vague outline of a troubled kid. Buthe's cute and kinda funny and that seemed to be enough for most of theaudience I saw this with.The movie actually goes down like milk and cookies really, I mean eventhe disease doesn't get in the way of the romance too much unless it'smentioned as getting in the way of the romance and the second half justkeeps the swooning going. Anybody looking for anything other than swooning might want to lookelsewhere but this is a sweet, good-looking couple, and a good-lookingmovie that takes us from California to Hawaii. If only the ending didn't jump the shark so badly in a way that makesyou question one character's mental health and makes you think thatanother has been living a situation like out of a Stephen King story orsomething for so long. It kinda ruins what was a mildly diverting, enjoyable time. So i'mgoing to say the movie is a mediocre 5/10.