Warning: This review is all over the place, because so are my thoughtsright now. I may rewrite it at some point. I also may not. :PSo, I didn't know this book existed until I heard the movie was comingout and then the first thing I did was read the book. Big mistake. This is one of those movies that you kind of want to use the book toslap the director/producer/writer across the face with and yell, "WHATTHE HELL WERE YOU THINKING!?" The book is lovely. It's the story of a girl with SCID (bubble boysyndrome), who is content with her life and her situation. She can't gooutside, so she loses herself in books and the routine of her life,which includes online schooling, life with her doctor-mother (who worksoutside the home), and her nurse Carla who monitors her during the day.Madeline is a trustworthy girl, who is loving, caring, and trusting ofthe few people in her life. She loves to read and (as stated at thebeginning of the book) has probably read more books than you ever havein your life. Although she can never go anywhere or lend her books toanyone, she always puts her name on the inside cover with a "reward iffound" note that usually contains a day spent with her, or a dayvisiting the Hawaiian state fish - the humu humu nuku nuku apua'a.When the book starts, Olly is moving in next door and from the momentshe sees him run up the outside of his home (parkour), her obsessionswitches from her books to him and his family. She starts cataloginghis life and each of his family member's schedules, which includesobservations about his parents' tumultuous relationship and how itaffects everyone in the family - his father's abusiveness, his mother'scowardice, and how he disappears onto the roof (a place she can'tobserve) for hours at a time. Olly attempts to meet Madeline when he brings over a bundt cake his mombaked for the neighbors, but her mother refuses the bundt cake and toallow him access to Madeline. So Olly uses creativity to attractMadeline's attention by anthropomorphizing the indestructible bundtcake via window theater. It takes a few tries for her to allow him tosee her find this humorous and when he finally gets her to laugh, heimmediately writes his email address on the window and their emailrelationship begins. Madeline is a character who is content until she meets Olly. Olly is acharacter who is constantly running away until he meets Madeline. BUT YOU SEE HARDLY ANY OF THIS IN THE FILM! Themes in the book: Books are amazing. Hawaii. Being content.Self-protection and saving others from abuse. Learning there's more tolife than your four walls. Honesty and forgiveness. Themes in the movie: Not being content. Wanting more. Oh, he's cute.Risking everything for a cute boy. Liars don't deserve forgiveness.True love and whatever.They turned Madeline into someone who isn't content with her life andis constantly thinking about what's beyond her own walls. They turnedOlly into someone who's just kind of meh. You see almost none of hisfamily drama, and the parts you do see don't align with who his familyis supposed to be. At one point, in the book he stands between hismother and father to prevent his father from beating his mother, but inthe movie they made him the one who was confronting the dad and the momis nowhere in sight. That isn't true to who the character is at all. I realize they had to cut a lot for time, but they added charactersthat didn't belong, they cut characters that are important, they cutthemes that are important, they cut narration and dialogue that isimportant and even though I read the book before watching the film,there were things that clearly would not have made sense without theknowledge of the book to fill in the gaps. I was so hoping for this to be a good movie, and it's just OK. It couldhave been so much better.