* SPOILER-FREE *Slowly but sure, the dynamics of the experience sharpened the sword-skills that be able to ruthlessly killing the starving hunters ofperfect work. And Makoto Shinkai, at this point, has managed toslaughter millions of hunters who thrashed it.As one of the hunters who are hungry for perfect anime works, I died inpeace after finished watching this latest masterpiece of Shinkai.Plots were served really wild rampage, breaking all models story linecontinues to guide the filmmaker. Characters are formed is extremelyinteresting. You never thought that this film has a very abstractantagonists. In addition, the value of Japanese culture and theuniqueness of Makoto Shinkai, a flavor that could not escape from view.In terms of story, you will never find a beautiful story line "YourName" (Kimi no Na Wa). When you follow a minimum of one work of MakotoShinkai before "Kimi no Na Wa" was created, as Byosoku (5 cm persecond) or Kotonoha no Niwa (Garden of Words), then you will cry insilence because Makoto Shinkai managed to dribble the fans up to highpoint of suffering (if you know what I mean). It's like orgasm.In this film, you will be escorted into the recesses of nostalgia, eventhere are some scenes that explicitly have a template nostalgic withold work.Every second has a tremendous message payload in; served perfectly inits pictures, music, and soft-narration.Although the drama-animation genre became the main theme, science-fiction, even comedy to thriller was also embedded in this film. Youcan be out loud, tense, to tears.Shinkai-Sensei managed to ward off the stigma of anime that I wouldnever be able to compete with classmates animated Pixar, Disney orDreamworks. Even for me, this work surpasses them all!When this movie is over, my tears did not stop flowing. Life hadstopped for a moment. My heart stopped right when the lights ofauditorium was reached my face. Makoto Shinkai managed to tear myanxiety to rubble due to the work of the loveliest peace on earth.Well-played Makoto Shinkai. Hats-off. You are the best idea-creator inthis world.