I was not familiar with Makoto Shinkai prior to this film, but havingwatched it I want to go and explore everything he has ever made.Because this film is easily on par with the best I've ever seen fromJapan. The visuals, the characters, the depth of storytelling, theoutlandishness of the central idea.The story goes that two Japanese teenagers, one a country girl longingfor Tokyo and the other a city boy searching for a direction in life,start to exchange places as they go to sleep. The girl inhabits theboy's body for a day and vice versa. And as they try to solve andunderstand this mystery, the oddest possible long distance romancestarts to bloom.And if that was all, it would be a lovely movie in its own right. Thecharacters of Mitsuha and Taki are both excellently realized. They bothact and react to this amazing situation very realistically and are bothfilled with personality. And it's not romance at first glance. Howcould it be? They clash, they argue, they mess with each other's lives.But from that fire an understanding starts to emerge and in the end youtotally buy that these two would be perfect for one another. One of thebest on-screen romances I've ever seen.But the thing is, the movie is so much more than that. It's about thelife in the rural Japan versus that in the city. It's about being youngand undecided. It's about friendships and those long summers before amajor shift in your life. They even throw in a great action mysterytowards the end, without it in any way taking away from the centralstory. Quite the opposite in fact. The mystery actually explains andsolves many of the seeming inconsistencies in the story.Plus the visuals, the score, all the technicals. Superb, grand,majestic. Studio Ghibli will always be my favourite for its old timecharm and the beauty of its hand-drawn craft, but Shinkai comes asclose to that impossible standard as it is possible to come withcomputers.Though, if I had to nitpick, I would wonder why the film needs a popsong number in the middle of it. But that's the only crack the filmhas. The only one.Your Name is a wonderful film. It takes numerous strings, plots andcharacters and seemingly without effort weaves from them a story thatis as true and will remain as true as the life it's imitating. Highlyrecommended for all.