Kimi no Nawa is up there with the quality of work Studio Ghibli makes.It's a journey in a world breathing with atmosphere, mystery, andvisual wonder. A journey about growth and resilience in the face ofoverwhelming odds. A journey about human emotion that transcends spaceand time, as we watch our two protagonists struggle relentlesslyagainst fate. A journey that might just be one of the most captivatinganime movie experiences I've had in years. Director Makoto Shinkai's artistry is something people tend to love orhate, but this film is solid proof to all of his disdainful criticsthat his movies were never "just eye candy". They explore the nature oflife and relationships in quiet ways rarely seen or discussed, which iswhy most of them are not fast-paced or action packed...and why they areso beautiful. But even if you're not a fan of this kind of style withits major use of metaphorical imagery and mixture of subtle andexplosive emotions, definitely give Kimi no Nawa a chance. This is byfar his most ambitious, original movie in many ways. For instance,there's an actual mystical element to the story apart from his previousfilms that are set purely on realism. The pacing is a lot faster andintense. There's a surprising amount of humor in the script, making thechemistry between the characters more light-hearted and comicallyentertaining than expected. All of this is done through a narrativevision so emotional, so brilliantly realized, that I'm pretty sureeveryone at the Anime Expo world premiere screening was tearing up,including me. Without spoiling, what mainly drives this film's story is the dynamicsof our main characters' relationship. The way these two interact isjust so unique and lovable. The premise itself allows them to bond on amore personal level, far more intriguing than the usual teenage lovestory where boy meets girl, boy likes girl, boy gets girl. Eventually,you become so invested in their strange relationship, that when all theaction goes down, it's no longer just suspenseful - it's almostheartbreaking. Editing and sound design play a HUGE role in this immersion. There'srarely a single dull moment because of how gripping and emotionallydriven the timing of every cut is. The sound design combined with abeautiful music score is outstanding - subtle and moving when creatingatmosphere, powerful at times of dramatic conflict. In fact, the samecan be said for pretty much all of the visual aesthetics - which if Ihaven't already mentioned, are amazing. This is a prime example ofastonishingly jaw-dropping animation combined with powerfulstorytelling.Kimi no Nawa is not just any anime movie. It has the potential to beviewed and studied as art cinema. It's so beautifully crafted andmeticulously detailed, I feel like I didn't even cover 80% of itsgreatness in this review. To do that, I would have to make a spoileranalysis review, and to do that, I would probably have to see the movieagain, maybe a couple more times before I can fully appreciate thisnearly flawless masterpiece. I know I sound like I'm fanboying, but as a film student and anime fanfor many years, I'm being fully honest here - if Director MakotoShinkai keeps this kind of quality up, he is going to be an even biggername in the anime industry for years to come. Remember Your Name longenough until it's available in your country, if you're not seeing it inJapan theaters. Because trust me, you're not going to forget it. 10/10