Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world. Just a city boy... No, wait. Hear me out. Granted, it's initially hard to sell Your Name - a meet cute animetwist on Freaky Friday - as a worthwhile recipient of its considerable,well-deserved hype, rather than a big screen, big budget rendition ofFruits Basket. But the hype is real. Inauspicious or not,writer/director Makoto Shinkai's film is somewhat of a genre-bendinggame changer - a film so special that the struggle to properly dojustice to it leaves me resorting to inelegantly cherrypicking from aslew of contemporary allusions (the elegant loneliness of Murakami; themischievous whimsy of Wong-Kar Wai; an Eternal Sunshine of the SpotlessMind interwoven with The Breakfast Club with the most imperceptiblepinch of your average buddy cop comedy comedy for spice), while it isstill far more than the sum of their parts. In short, it's one of themost unexpected, simple but profound, entrancing, and poeticallybeautiful films to cross screens in years. It's as fun as it ismelancholy, as unforgettable as it is sweetly unassuming. Even better -it's that rare anime where comparisons to Studio Ghibli aren't simplylip service, but actually warranted in terms of exquisite, painstakingheart and attention to detail. Yes, really. But such lofty praise is actually far from the spirit of a film thatgoes about its remarkable business with a cheeky subtlety. Shinkaiwisely plays off the initial silliness of his concept, with the earlybody swap sequences staying rooted in lighter, bawdier humour,playfully portrayed with a springy, sassy wit keeping even the broadestmoments no less human and adorable for their broadness. The conceititself is kept indifferently vague, apart from the haziest of nods totraditional spirituality - it's not the 'how' that matters hereanywhere near as much as the 'what.' Similarly, there's a clearlydelineated dichotomy between the two protagonists' 'tradition vs.modernity' milieus (with larger, extrapolating themes of supplantinghistory and cultural longing spanning generations to be teased out bythose keen enough), but Shinkai is content to let the contrast sit,rather than milking it for shoehorned theme, or garish socialcommentary. More than anything, the film captures that ethereal but omnipresentsense of vague dissatisfaction, longing, and persistent butdirectionless striving that is bound to feel almost achingly familiarto any given audience member, regardless of age, nationality, orstanding in life. Shinkai takes a distressingly familiar sense ofennui, and infuses it with a melancholy grace, a feeling accentuatedhugely by the film's simply gorgeous, sweeping artwork, infusingpanoramas of mountain-dwarfed Japanese countrysides and bustling Tokyoskyscrapers with an unbelievable level of composition and care. Whenthe film glissandos into a third-act twist that is as devastating as itis unpredictable for all but the most eagle-eyed of viewers, ittranscends into a piece of larger-than-life folklore, conjuring analmost feverishly heightened viewership that redefines magnetic, beforeculminating with a quiet grace note that ties up the emotional knot inways both elegiac and unforgettably uplifting. It may sound like aperennial squall of emotional peaks and valleys, but Shinkai surfs itwith nonchalant poise, with his rock-steady pacing lending the film analmost uncanny gestalt. Upon the arrival of the closing credits, don'tbe surprised to hear a wet gasp, equal parts tearful and jubilant,erupting from your throat, unsolicited. You won't be alone in doing so. If there are any imperceptible faults to be found, it's that Shinkai'sperhaps inevitable leaning on anime tropes do, at times, dip the filminto conventions it would normally nimbly leap over. The occasionalconflict-expanding plot device or bombastic musical interlude,particularly in gearing up for the film's climax, strain convention inways that are only startling in their inconsistency with the film'scustomary elegance, while lead actors Mone Kamishiraishi and RyûnosukeKamiki, while both lending credibly commanding voices, are ashyperbolic as they come in their grunts, gasps, and otherverbalizations reacting to their bizarre circumstances. Still, these are the faintest blemishes on the face of a trulybeautiful, touching film, that truly demonstrates that the affectivepotential of traditional animation still has many wrinkles of uncannypower yet to unfurl. So do yourself a favour: believe the hype. Investin Your Name. If you have any space amidst the ensuing deluge offeelings, you may just thank yourself you did. -9.5/10