THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THE STORY. EVERYTHING ELSE (ART, SECONDARYCHARACTERS, ATMOSPHERE) IS GREAT.A boy and a girl discover that some days, their lives are swapped,which they only remember as dreams afterwards.You see the love story coming between those two ? Color me naive, but Ididn't.First, it's one of the most contrived premises you could have for alove story. Second, there's like a million stories you could tell withsuch a premise, why take the less original ? Of all the funny, awkward,insightful etc. things that could happen to two people who exchangelives, why go for the most clichéd ?But OK, let's accept that they fall in love with each other. After all,a lot of the emotional impact of the second half of the movie hinges ontheir being infatuated with each other. But we're never shown thathappen ! The most we're shown for Mitsuha (the girl) is that she takesan interest in Taki's (the boy) life. I guess it could count as bothreason and show of her growing fondness for him. As limited as it is,at least it's a small hint that something's happening.We're not so lucky with Taki.After his date with his female coworker, she guesses that he's recentlyfallen for another woman. At that point I thought she guessed wrong,because nothing we see supports that idea. But I'm more and moreconvinced that she's conveying the message of the authors : at thatmoment, they're flatly informing us that Taki is falling for Mitsuha.What do they say again in storytelling school ? "Show, don't tell."Well, it's a typical example of telling, not showing.It's like the movie is trolling us : "Oh, btw, Taki's totally intoMitsuha now ! A lot of stuff happened, but we didn't think it was worthshowing, even though ALL we're showing you are those 2 very characters.U mad ?"Just to be clear, I'm not saying that he has no reason for falling inlove. He has plenty ! If you've seen the movie, here's a quick quiz.Taki falls in love with Mitsuha because :a) he's attracted by her looksb) he's impressed by her skillsc) he's thankful for her helpd) he remembers their first encounter in the subwaye) they're soulmatesf) any of the other bazillion possible reasons ?You don't know ? Nobody does ! Because we don't see their love bloom.As it is, this love story misses its core, its pivotal moment. It's alove story without romance.Little annoyances :Memories and messages appear and disappear so as to fit the plot'sneeds so perfectly that we have left the lands of Plot Convenience toenter the realm of Plot Laziness.The second part is so clichéd that at any point you can safely guesswhat happens in the next 15 minutes.Mitsuha convinces her father at the end in a deeply moving andinsightful argument. Well, I guess, because we're TOLD, NOT SHOWN(uuuuugh)