I went in to see Kimi no Na ha without knowing anything about themovie. I had simply been intrigued by the movie poster with the cometas a background to two high school students living in wildly differentenvironments - and the excellent reviews on its Friday releaseconvinced me to see it just the day after.Not knowing anything about the movie made me relish every single momentof it. The two main characters would, it seems, never have the occasionto meet each other, but through a mysterious circumstance are led toshare some of their waking hours with each other. At first, the moviestruck a compelling, funny and nostalgic view at high school life inJapan, love, friendship, puberty, teenage angst and some elements ofmysticism. It felt like a very fresh and charming sentimental lovecomedy with a dash of depth and teenage angst. And it already utterlycaptured me at that point.Yet midway, the movie veers resolutely into dramatic, and more mysticalterritory, while managing to keep the lighthearted tone it had reachedduring the first half at just the right moments. Together with one ofthe main characters, I was shocked and powerless upon learning of oneaspect that had eluded both protagonists, as well as the audience. Atthe same time, a trope often used in science-fiction got thrown intothe mix and the stakes suddenly get much higher, making me look back tothe first half of the movie and thinking "wwwooooowww I get it now",while following the paths of the protagonists, which, just like theKumi Himo (thread making?) that Miyamizu Shrine makes, represent timeitself. Meeting, diverging, tangling, getting cut, doubling back. Thesecond half of the film is a perfect adventure, full of suspense,humor, hope, and yes, tears. And at some points, it gets close totragedy (one scene in a train left a huge lump in my throat). In somerespect it reminded me of Spirited Away (my long time favoriteanimation movie), in which both main characters grow thanks to theother, and whose paths had crossed and would cross again, beyond memoryor reality.Saying more would spoil the movie, so I have been very, very vague.Suffice it to say the movie made me laugh, cry, get the goosebumps, andgot me to the edge of my seat at some points. It really had greatstorytelling, pacing, characters, and emotions throughout. I loved it.The visuals were also gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Tokyo is more realthan the real Tokyo, and the director, animators, background artists,and computer artists seem to have devilish fun playing with lightingand getting some of the most beautiful scenes and moments I can recallin an animation movie.I should mention the music as well, which was very, very good. I knowRADWIMPS (I went to see them live a couple of years back), but wassurprised at the tone they achieved, and how well it fit with the movie- the music, along with the visuals, really help in getting a fullimmersion into the story.However, some of the most hilarious jokes in the movie seem to beuntranslatable to English - in particular the "dialects" of the maincharacters, as well as a specific moment that makes use of several ofthe ways that Japanese people use to refer to themselves, depending oncontext and sex (watashi, watakushi, boku, ore). So I'm looking forwardto seeing how those scenes will be handled in the translation!I have since seen the movie one more time, bought the OST, and boughtand read the novelization (which is almost like the movie, but doesgive more insight into each character's thoughts and thoughtprocesses.). Highly recommended!