For two whole weeks my students have been telling me about this anime,Kimi No Na Wa (Your Name), begging me to check it out. Over thegrapevine I also learned that it is the first non-Ghibli non-seriesbased anime movie to earn over 10 billion yen. So last night we did andI have to say it is truly one amazing entertainer with intelligence toboot. It was so good we felt so lost what to see next and so we didn't.We wanted nothing to ruin the unique experience. I will spare everyone the synopsis and plot details because theexperience of going into this totally blind isroller-coaster-fantastic. What I will just say is writer-directorMakoto Shinkai took some great risks with the narrative and it payshuge dividends in terms of storytelling. This is not something you cansit back and let the story do all the work; you will need to constantlythink about what you are seeing, as well as where and when it is alltaking place. I love it when a director respects the viewers and bringsthe game to me. After the electric pace gender bending opening act Ihave no doubt that like me your mind will throw up the direction ofwhat the narrative will take. You and I would be so wrong. I wasgobsmacked at every twist and turn the narrative takes which subvertsall my expectations. Shinkai also does a monster mishmash of so manygenres that I didn't see when the romantic euphoria ended and when thedetective procedural began. He even embeds an element of horror andmelancholia. All through this widely imaginative ride he knows wherethe beating heart is - the relationship between the two star-crossedlovers separated by time and space. Above everything else, the anime captures something so elusive sobeautifully. By elusive I mean the temporal seconds you were waking upfrom a sweet dream, your entire being is still consumed by last night'sdream and the memory of it immediately dissipates as you step into thewaking world. However, the essence of the dream continues to envelopeyou throughout the entire day like a cocoon; you will try to hold on tothe remnants unsuccessfully. Name one film that got that magicalquality spot-on. Shinkai's Kimi No Na Wa got this right many timesover. Everyone needs to grab your loved ones and watch this like allyour lives depended on it.