It's been a while since I've seen something outside of Studio Ghibli,being the most recent When Marnie Was There. I'm not familiar withMakoto Shinkai's work but this certainly encourages me to watch therest of his catalog. I knew nothing about the film until only the day before seeing it,instantly attracted to the poster and the mini synopsis of two highschool teens from opposite sides of the country, who periodicallyswitch in their dreams. Gladly I didn't read anymore into it and just went to watch it asthere's so much more to the intriguing story at face value. It's alittle confusing at times bouncing between the two characters, but thatdoesn't deter the enjoyment and wonderment of the film. We follow quiet country school girl Mitsuha voiced by MoneKamishiraishi, going about her daily chores and traditions in a villageshrouded by folklore and superstition with mayor-elect pushing foradvancement. All this while we also follow rough-and-ready city boy,Taki, voiced by Ryûnosuke Kamiki, who is no stranger to voice acting,starring in Spirited Away at the age of eight and later in Howl'sMoving Castle. The two become celestially bound to one another without fullyunderstanding how, or even knowing who each other are, which leads themboth on an adventure of discovery, comical annoyance and eventualromance. It's perfectly balanced between the two even with a number ofinteresting side characters, each adding something to the intricaciesof the plot and supplying a lot of the light-hearted comedy. The scenery and animation is stunning, vibrant and beautifullybreathtaking; with blinding lens flares and gorgeous landscapes thatfill the entirely screen. It's superbly paced, perfectly edited so notto make a mess of the constant jumps. The score by the Japanese rock band, Radwimps is simply amazing,perfect for the film with a mixture of teeny pop/rock and pleasantinstrumentals, with surprising tracks like "Kataware Doki" using softpianos and strings. It's a score Final Fantasy composer, Nobuo Uematsuwould be proud of. There are some films that are not meant to be for live action,showcasing the stunning craftsmanship and elegant talent of the skilledanimators and artists, this being one of those films. The actual animecapturing the magical essence of the heartfelt story that I don'tbelieve can be replicated as good live. Cosmically enchanting, touching and visually beautiful. Certainly thebest anime I've seen this year. Running Time: 9 The Cast: 9 Performance: 9 Direction: 10 Story: 10Script: 10 Creativity: 10 Soundtrack: 9 Job Description: 10 The ExtraBonus Points: 10 for being such a wonderful, beautiful, romantic story,magical in every sense. Would I buy the Bluray?: Definitely 96% 10/10