There's an early scene in Kumail Nanjiani's The Big Sick that is theperfect encapsulation of his character. His mother shoos him away topray so that they can all enjoy some ice cream. Kumail, stillpretending to be a good Muslim son, walks down to the basement, unfurlshis janamaz, and then sets a 5 minute timer on his iPhone. He's notpraying at all, but rather practicing his cricket stance, watchingfunny viral videos, and waiting for the time to pass. So why still layout the prayer rug? Why practice his straight drive and not hisquarterback touchdown pass? Kumail's fictionalised version of himselfis a rarity in today's screen media, a one and a half generationimmigrant stuck between two cultures each tugging on his sleeve in anopposing direction. He's not overly fond of the comedians who lean ontheir ethnicity as a crutch, but as the film reveals, his Pakistanibackground is an inevitable force shaping his growth. A little of that is seen in his earnest one-man show about hisPakistani upbringing at the hands of two strict Muslim parents, whichis less a comedic tour de force and more bedtime story of his roots andhow they have influenced him. More than just that, it doubly functionsas its own real life exposition on behalf of all mainstream Pakistanifigures in pop culture and the entertainment industry, which you couldprobably count on one hand. Yes I'll admit it, I had automaticallybundled Nanjiani into the Indian category after seeing him pop up invarious ethnic roles over the years, and just like Bo Burnham, had thesame eye-opening moment of realisation halfway through. What isunmistakable is just how valuable his portrayal of an ordinary Muslimis for everyday racial progress, not to mention a brown skinned Muslim.And he's doing that just by being himself, which is not exactly a novelconcept, but nevertheless does that tiny bit extra for their image. Ina sense, he's the cinematic equivalent of that ethnic pal that yourconservative grandparent has suddenly befriended, and through thatrelationship a little prejudice has been erased. The overall story works because he and Kazan just click togethernaturally, and romantic montage or not, the chemistry is evident fromthe start, and the more they deny it the stronger it gets. It's thefeeling that a couple could be doing absolutely anything and they wouldstill be giggling and shooting adoring gazes at each other. Some of thedialogue makes it obvious that this is Nanjiani and Gordon's firstscreenplay, because it seems desperate to inject snark and zing andquirk into every single line, leaning on humour to deflect some of theheavier moments. And yet much of their riposting has a sheer ease aboutit; teasing each other about testing movie taste right before an abruptcut to them making out while the movie still plays, and of course thegenius extended gag about Emily wanting to leave something to theimagination and Kumail's adorable remedy in the vein of 'I don't care,but I can see that it matters to you." And when they argue everythingbecomes a heightened version of their dating life - he retreats intohis shell and tries to frame the scenario as a stand-up bit, and sheexplodes verbally at this somewhat disingenuous coping mechanism.But who Kumail really needs to woo is her parents, and their firstmeeting seems exactly like a set up to a bad punchline as theyawkwardly avert glances in a hospital waiting room. Romano is all lowkey and stilted small talk, trying to make good of a bad situation.Hunter is the one that caught my eye; she immediately surfaces with aheavily sardonic southern accent and a look that treats Kumail (andjust about everyone who isn't her husband, and often him too) like hewas an irritable itch that she just can't scratch. Then there is awonderfully bizarre moment where a racist heckler interrupts Kumail'sroutine, and Hunter sees the opening and just attacks and unleasheswith all the pent up frustration and anger she's been harbouring overthe entire ordeal, all while making it clear that she's adamantlystanding up for the guy she believes is good enough to be her futureson-in-law. Rarely does a film smuggle its lesson quite like this; shestrips down the heckler's line of thinking with bare-teethed ferocity,and in another scenario this might have been criticised for beingoverly didactic, but here it's funny, bizarre, touching. Admittedly, the film is personal to me in more than one way. Being asecond generation Australian in an increasingly multicultural country,I'm in a much more comfortable position than Kumail may ever be (and Iunderstand most of the cricket lingo). I've never been dumped from myfamily for dating outside of my race, but there is a lot familiar here;the covert conversations in my first language, and the incessantcultural tug-o- war that rages on both inside and at the dinner table.What I hope, and what this film of Kumail's hopes, is that one day thetwo can learn to work together.