'THE BIG SICK' was directed by Michael Showalter and stars KumailNanjiani, Holly Hunter and Ray Romano. ?Kumail is a Pakistani comic whomeets an American graduate student named Emily at one of his stand- upshows. As their relationship blossoms, he soon becomes worried aboutwhat his traditional Muslim parents will think of her. When Emilysuddenly comes down with an illness that leaves her in a coma, Kumailfinds himself developing a bond with her deeply concerned mother andfather.I am not a huge fan of Romance films. I'll happily admit that. Very fewof them grab my attention and make me interested. This is one of thefew that did. A movie like this only succeeds, in my opinion, becauseit is based on a true story. If I knew this movie was fictional, I'dprobably have hated it but due to that essence of truth behind it, Ican say with a smile that I can 100% recommend this movie.One minor flaw I have with this movie is the beginning. I wasn'tentertained at all and it merely set up the characters and the dilemmathey were in. As soon as the ball got rolling, however, I loved thismovie. Setting up the characters is completely understandable and Ican't blame the movie for that but I figured it would need a mention.But as stated, it is a fantastic film thereafter.This maybe just me, but I can say whether a film is good or notdepending on whether I can call the point at when it cuts to black. Andthis movie cuts to black at the perfect moment, creating the perfectway to end it. Obviously it is factual and me saying this implies thatthey made it up but they could have extended the movie a bit longer oreven cut at an earlier interval. I'm glad they didn't do this howeverand cut the movie at this exact scene. I have issues with the length asa whole but I'll get into that further along.I wont comment on Kumail Nanjiani. As much as I imagine it requires aton of effort and skill to be yourself, I don't think his superbabilities deserve a mention. The REAL actors in the movie, Holly Hunterand Ray Romano, do deserve a mention. Both of these actors did great intheir respective roles and had to actually ACT and PRETEND to be beSOMEONE ELSE. Scary, right Kumail? Zoe Kazan was good as Emily but Ican't pin anything about this film to her performance due to her beingin a coma for the majority of it. Any side characters were fun andenjoyable when they appeared but weren't too memorable after the filmwas over.The chemistry between Kumail and Emily is amazing. Again, this being atrue story, that would be logical but with it being an actress playingEmily instead of the real girl, that makes it a little bit harder toconvey genuine emotion and chemistry but they definitely made mebelieve it.The movie was shot and edited fine for anyone who cares. It wasn't goodnor bad but somewhere along the lines of average.Humour is a point I love this movie for. After the incredibly dry andboring first 15 minutes, the movie is hysterically funny. I wasconsistently laughing throughout and there are quite a few gut bustingjokes in the movie. They also don't spoil the great jokes in thetrailers which is fantastic.Aside from being hilarious, this movie also bring a wave of genuineemotion to the table and it aces that as well. I only knew it was basedon reality and didn't know what happened so I was actively rooting forKumail and actually got upset when he suffered difficulty. Overall, it is a very entertaining movie and I can wholeheartedlyrecommend it. I'll rate it 8 'of our best men' out of 10!