At the heart of The Big Sick, which is the story of how Kumail Nanjanimet his wife Emily Gordon (no, really, he's basically playing himself,or at least what would see a true version of himself, and Zoe Kazan isEmily - both Nanjani and Gordon wrote the script) and how they hadtheir ups and downs, though the down majorly was when Emily waslife-threateningly sick, is this question: what does the truth mean toyou? This is a brutally, surprisingly honest movie about honesty, notonly in relationships with a significant other (though that's certainlya major part of this), but also with ourselves. One may be tempted to say Kumail's family are the antagonists of thestory. This might be true if one is trying to parse out this or that orthe other with the characters, but this is over-simplification. Theyare an obstacle for Kumail, but really his biggest enemy is himself,how he views what his family has put on him, what his own culture hasdone to his mind, and at the same time reconciling with being a modernAmerican given all the relative opportunities everyone else has. And itis at heart a love story, but what is likable and appealing is thatNanjani and Gordon cleverly make sure that the attention isn't all gonefrom having another love story being depicted, that of Emily's parentsand their own struggle after so many years of marriage and during astressful time.But, of course, this stressful time isn't the only part of why theirmarriage is frayed (you learn more as it goes on in little bits, andit's important only for character learning/growing sake, so I daremention it here); Holly Hunter and Ray Romano are the parents, and forthe first time ever, by the way, Romano is *affable* and fun on screen.This is my own bias as I wasn't a fan of his sitcom, but more to thepoint I didn't get his appeal as a star or an actor or any kind ofcomic presence. Here I actually do as he's playing a guy who is likehow one pictures a lot of dads, stumbling over some words in thepresence of the guy his daughter's dating (that he's of middle-easterndescent brings up an awkward conversation at the hospital cafeteriathat rolls into the biggest laugh of the movie, by the way), but hefeels as real as the mother does, and the vulnerability he's in - doingthings like writing down as much as he can, every medical term, whenthe doctors describe what's going on with their daughter - is so thickyou couldn't suck it through a straw. He's so good here as is Hunter,as is everyone really, including all of Nanjani's family.It can be difficult to depict a relationship on film, any relationship,due sometimes to what the genre of a romantic comedy or a romanticdrama puts on screenwriters. Nanjani seemed to have his back covered byApatow as there's not a shred of any of that false BS that comessometimes into the genre. The main conflict that actually breaks upKumail and Emily isn't contrived. (Emily by the way as played by Kazanis that lovable girl you might recall from Ruby Sparks, but *very*different here from that, except for the slightly quirky/upbeatpersona). As a nitpick, it could be said Kumail's method of how heholds on to these girls his mother tries to set him up with that herefuses, all in a box on his dresser, is the one note that isn'tbelievable, but I can actually buy that it sort of folds into how he isstill unsure what to do with so many, many options at his feet (there'seven one woman, later in the film, that, at another time or place,could've been the match, but he turns her down in one of those terriblyuncomfortable scenes that rings true and is hard to watch).How can Kumail reconcile this? I felt such empathy for him in thissituation even as I had not gone through anything quite like what hewent through, since there is still a universality that is felt throughexpectations from others. How does one stand up for oneself? Is italways so easy? Nanjani is a stand up comic in real life as he is inthe film, and stand up at its most prime-cut is about the person onstage making honest connections and, sometimes, opening oneself so thatthat connection can be made purer (and, often, the laughs much morefulfilling). It's not that Kumail is at all weak as a stand-up when hetalks about cheese or things, but it's when he gets his breakthroughabout two-thirds of the way in, as he just breaks down on stage and,technically speaking "bombs", that he hits that spot of connection. Ifhe can stand up as a stand-up, so to speak, then he can at least try tomove on to the harder stuff, the message might be.Or, as I originally stated, The Big Sick, a movie filled with funny andtruly heart-wrenching moments and characters that all feel richlydeveloped (even the parents and Kumail's brother, who kind of are typesdeep down, but nevertheless given wonderful personality by the actorsplaying them), it's all about the truth and how it sometimes just isn'teasy, at all. It may be slightly mis-marketed as a romantic comedythough; it has romance and comedy, but at the same time the dramaoverwhelms and takes over that. It's not a classifiable movie exceptthat, well, it's a Judd Apatow production - sharp, brutally honestwriting, and a few s*** and d*** jokes here and there (and here lessthan usual). It's one of his best and a triumphant calling card forNanjani as a leading man. 9.5/10