The big screen has experienced a burgeoning of "illness movies" in thelast few years, and "The Big Sick" isn't like any of them. Many ofthese films could be accused of leveraging illness for an emotionalpunch to the heart, but Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon's story isnot built around a character falling ill, but that disease is merely anunusual circumstance that reveals truths and experience common to allpeople.First and foremost, however, "The Big Sick" is a comedy. Nanjiani andGordon's script contains dialogue and comedic bits that carry thetrademark of a stand-up comedian, apropos of Nanjiani's comedy roots.The early portion of the film plays as a modern-day comedy about aPakistani-born comedian falling for a white psychology master'sstudent. Still, the humor comes from an honest, relatable place with familiarscenarios, especially for the full range of today's young adults. JuddApatow's producer fingerprints (namely his work with "Girls" and"Love") are clearly visible, though director Michael Showalter ("WetHot American Summer") is no slouch when it comes to getting laughs.Aziz Ansari's "Master of None" might be the best comparison, but thepoint of all this is "The Big Sick" speaks from that same comedic placethat yearns for authenticity.The true story element has a lot to do with it. Rarely do you have ahusband and wife write a movie together about how they met starring oneof them as themselves, and all these factors being true endears us toNanjiani and this movie so quickly. Although it's fairly clear the waysin which the story deviates from the truth, Nanjiani playing himselfpresents a kind of autobiographical fearlessness so rare in movies thatwe can't help but note how invested he must feel in telling this storythat he's willing to open up to an audience in this way.Kumail's familial pressures as the son of devout Pakistani Muslims playa critical role in this story as well, paramount to most other dynamicsin the film. Young people have been pushing against their parents'religious impositions for a long time in comedies, but Nanjiani handlesit with both a sense of humor and tactfulness that transcends tropesand stereotypes. He also communicates so thoughtfully about whybreaking away from tradition and spurning the family's wishes is sodifficult for someone in his shoes. A particular scene in which Kumailtalks to his family "in writing" after he's fallen out with themdisplays a sensitivity and comic ingenuity that makes "The Big Sick"more than just a good comedy script, but a great film script period.Then, when two serious dynamos in Holly Hunter and Ray Romano enter thepicture as Emily's parents, this already hilarious and poignant comedygoes to the next level. They showcase the script's dramatic acuitywhile also expanding its comedic palette thanks to Hunter's sass andRomano's awkward mopeyness. The parents relationship to Kumail, theirhandling of the medical issues and overall the way they integrate intothe story amplifies the film's sincerity. Zoe Kazan as Emily also fits perfectly into this movie with her ownnaturally funny style and equally strong dramatic skills. Even thoughKumail seems to be painted as the main character, Kazan ensures Emilyis an equal partner in the film's events.Independent films have been trying to blend comedy and drama in the way"The Big Sick" does so well for a long time, to the point that "The BigSick" might not seem so original or different. But there's a freshnessand an efficiency to the way the film marries personal comedy withhuman drama about difficult, real subjects. It hasn't been done thiswell since 2007's "Juno," a film that earned a Best Picture nominationand a Best Original Screenplay Oscar for its witty and blunt take onreal issues facing teens and parents. That movie was positioned wellfor an Awards-season push, and hopefully Lionsgate is prepared toremind critics and voters about "The Big Sick" come winter.Recognition aside, "The Big Sick" is one of those few films that comeout every year that will be palatable to a wide enough array ofmoviegoers of diverse backgrounds and ages that it can prettyconfidently be recommended to anyone (who's allowed to see R-ratedmovies, of course). The humor plus issues of culture, race, romance,parenting and some life-or-death stuff make for a compelling andrelatable movie suited to most tastes.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more