Romance and comedy work together beautifully on film: love is innatelyridiculous after all! But mix in a dramatic element ? particularly aserious medical emergency ? to a Rom Com and you walk a dangerous linebetween on the one hand letting the drama overwhelm the comedy ( "Well!I don't feel like laughing now!") and on the other hand diverging intoshockingly mawkish finger-down-the-throat sentimentality. Fortunatelythe new comedy ? "The Big Sick" ? walks that line to perfection.Kumail Nanjiani plays (who'd have thought it?) Kumail, a Pakistani-born comic-cum-Uber-driver struggling to get recognised on the Chicagocomedy circuit. His performances mix traditional stand-up at a clubwith a rather po-faced one-man show where he explains at length theculture of Pakistan (Naan-splaining?), including intricate detail onthe fielding positions and strategies of cricket. Kumail is heckledduring a show by the young and perky Emily (Zoe Kazan, the middledaughter from "It's Complicated"). Lust blossoms (mental note: stand upcomedy seems a fabulous strategy for picking up women) and lust turnsto romance as the pair grow closer to each other.Unfortunately Kumail is aware of something Emily isn't: his strictlyMuslim parents Sharmeen and Azmat (Anupam Kher and Zenobia Schroff)believe in arranged marriages to 'nice Pakistani girls' and arelationship with ? let alone a marriage to ? Emily risks disgrace andfamilial exile. A medical crisis brings Kumail further into dispute,this time with Emily's parents Beth and Terry (Holly Hunter and RayRomano).Stand-up is, I assert, a very nationalistic thing. It is a mediumhugely dependant on context and while I'm sure great British comicslike Peter Kay and Eddie Izzard might rate as only a 4 or a 5 out of 10for most Americans, so most American stand-up comics tend to leave mecold. And perhaps it's also a movie-thing, that stand-up on the bigscreen just doesn't work well? Either way, the initial comedy- clubscenes rather left me cold. (And I don't think most of them wereSUPPOSED to be particularly bad ? since they seemed to fill the seatseach night). As a result I thought this was a "comedy" that wasn'tgoing to be for me.But once Nanjiani and Kazan got together the chemistry was immediateand palpable and the duo completely won me round. Kazan in particularis a vibrant and joyous actress who I would love to see a lot more of:this should be a breakout movie for her.Broader, but none less welcome, comedy is to be found in Kumail'sfamily home as his mother introduces serial Pakistani girls to thedinner table. Holly Hunter ("Broadcast News" ? one of my favourite films) and RayRomano are also superb, delivering really thoughtful and nuancedperformances that slowly unpeel the stresses inherent in many long-term marriages. The relationship that develops between Kumail and Bethis both poignant and truly touching.Where the script succeeds is in never quite making the viewercomfortable about where the movie is going and whether the film willend with joy or heartbreak. And you will find no spoilers here!So is it a comedy classic? Well, no, not quite. What's a bitdisappointing is that for a film as culturally topical as this, thewhole question of Islamophobia in Trump's America is juggled like a hotpotato. Aside from one memorable scene in the club, with a redneckheckler, and an excruciating exchange about 9/11 between Kumail andTerry, the subject is completely ignored. This is a shame. The script(by Nanjiani and Emily Gordon) would have benefited enormously fromsome rather braver "Thick of It" style input from the likes of ArmandoIannucci.I also have to despair at the movie's marketing executives who came upwith this title. FFS! I know "East is East" has already gone, but couldyou have possibly come up with a less appealing title? I guess thetitle does serve one useful purpose in flagging up potential upset forthose with bad historical experiences of intensive care. Overall though this film, directed by Michael Showalter (no, meneither!) and produced by Judd Apatow (whose name gets the biggestbilling), is a fun and engaging movie experience that comes highlyrecommended. A delightful antidote to the summer blockbuster season.The end titles also bring a delightful surprise (that I've seen spoiledsince by some reviews) that was moving and brought added depth to thedrama that had gone before.More Hollywood please, more.(For the graphical version of this review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com).