Pakistani-born actor and stand-up comedian Kumail Nanjiani has made afilm about his own experiences dating a non-Pakistani girl. His familymembers didn't accept the fact that he loved his girlfriend, and kepton setting up dates with Pakistani girls, as is the custom in thatcountry.Instead of a drama about the consequences of these culture clashes,Nanjiani made a lighthearted film, following the classic screenplaystructure of the romantic comedy. Boy meets girl, falls in love, has toovercome all kinds of setbacks and problems, is rejected by the girl,but keeps on trying, and ultimately succeeds in winning her love.Everything is so predictable that the jokes must be really good to makeup for the unimaginative screenplay.Unfortunately, they're not. I counted one really good joke (about 9/11)and a handful in the category 'not bad'. But overall, this movie lacksthe wit and humour that you'd expect from a film that was praised atSundance. The jokes are flat and the running gags, like the endlessparade of Pakistani marriage candidates, are boring.So, the film is predictable and not very funny. That wouldn't havemattered if Nanjiani had turned his own experiences in a reallyheartfelt drama about how in some immigrant communities traditionalparents try to arrange marriages for their unwilling offspring. And howthis can lead to devastating consequences, like parents disowning theirchildren. In 'The Big Sick', this fact is presented in the offhandmanner which of course is typical for comedies.The theme of arranged marriages in immigrant communities made me thinkof the excellent German/Turkish movie about this subject, 'When weleave'. That film was like a punch in the stomach. 'The Big Sick' islike listening to someone trying in vain to be funny.There is only one thing I really liked in this film: Holly Hunter'spart as the mother of Nanjiani's love interest. The way she completelyplayed everyone else off the screen, for example with a wonderful andcompletely unexpected outburst of grief-induced anger, was absolutelygreat.