"The Big Sick" is big laughs, big heart. I loved "The Big Sick".Director Michael Showalter tells the love story of Pakistan AmericanKumail, played by Kumail Nanjiani, and North Carolina native Emily,played by Zoe Kazan. Nanjiani wrote the movie with Emily Gordon,Kumail's "real life" Emily. Consequently, "The Big Sick" has abiographical feel that highlights the idiosyncratic paradox of life. In "The Big Sick" Kumail and Emily date, fall in love, break up, andthen Emily goes into induced coma to treat a deadly lung infection.Yeah, this is not exactly the formula for typical romantic comedy. "TheBig Sick" is all about the surprises in life and the ones you love, whosurprise you. Showalter does this with lyrical compassion andwhimsically biting humor. I laughed throughout the movie, and the movie also touched my heart.After their first hook up at Kumail's, who is a standup comic andpart-time Uber driver, Kumail drives psychology graduate student Emilyhome. Clearly, Emily likes Kumail, but tells him, "I don't date timenerds." Later after being in relationship, Emily is in tears when sheis betrayed by Kumail's lies of omission to his traditional Muslimfamily. Emily cries, "Can you see a world where we would be together?" Kumail contacts Emily's parents Beth, played by Holly Hunter, andTerry, played by Ray Romano, who both travel to Chicago to be withtheir coma induced daughter. Beth and Terry are not what they seem,they are even greater people. In the hysterical hospital cafeteriascene, Terry asks Muslim Kumail what he thinks about 911. Standup comicKumail replies with hilarious terrorist irony that you have to hear.Applaud the boldness and smarts of "The Big Sick". Though at the same time, Emily's parents attend Kumail's comedy clubstand up performance. The young ignorant heckler tells Kumail, "Go backto ISIS." Ha. Ha. No nonsense Beth (Hunter) metaphorically goes downthe throat of the stupid kid. She screams, "So it's because of what helooks like?" She then charges the punk with fists whaling. Fortunately,bouncers suppress. Yeah, go Mom! Holly Hunter is awesome, nuanced. Nanjiani and Kazan are amazing intheir love story. I think Hunter as the Mom, embodies the spirit andhumanity of "The Big Sick". We all do our best, and life happens.Hunter's Beth sees through people's bull****, and sees their best. Andshe learns her own lesson of forgiveness and humility with Terry,wonderful quietly strong Ray Romano. At one point in the hospital Kumail confesses to Beth, "I reallyscrewed up with Emily." She looks at him, and says in her down home way"Yeah, you did." She then shares the Goth teenage photos of herdaughter on her PC. In the movie's most touching scene, Beth holdsKumail's face in her hands, and offers reassurance of possibility ofthe future. There are always possibilities. Loving someone with allyour heart only makes the world a better place and creates possibility. "The Big Sick" is about the possibility of life told withuncompromising humor and compassion. Nanjiani and Kazan touchinglydistinguish that perhaps the greatest dream in life is falling love,and being with one you love. Holly Hunter's spirit dares us to see andaccept the truth about people, especially for the ones we hold dear.Showalter, Hunter, and all remind that we must forgive others, andoften times forgive ourselves. Such is the irony and beauty of life.That is "The Big Sick".