To paraphrase the leading actress of the movie, "You know that yawningthing that happens when you watch a really boring film? That happened."A lot. Like a sociopathic child dragging it's torn and half eaten teddy, I toowas dragged along to see this movie by my significant other, whosedepiction of the film was roughly of "a struggle for acceptance by aninterracial couple in the west." Unfortunately, this film was onlybarely that. Yes, he is Pakistani. Yes, he is in a not-so-hot interracialrelationship. Yes, he seems to be rebelling against the stereotypicalbeard wearing, head bobbing, rice eating, Urdu speaking family heappears to be a member of, but the depiction seem to stop there. Firstly, the acting, like watching Bruce Forsyth perv on the dancing onice girls, was just barely tolerable through all the cringe worthinessand specifically the casting of Zoe Kazan was just plain wrong. Ireally didn't enjoy watching her; she can barely deliver dialogue, shelooked awkward and gaunt the whole time (even when she was well) andthere was no chemistry on screen with either Kumail or her on-screenparents. The argumentative scenes were poorly dialogued and seemed toohyperbolic and forced and just showed what an awful actor she is. Coming onto the story itself, it's basically a story of a Pakistanistand-up comedian whose white girlfriend falls sick, gets better andthen everyone is happy - with very little of interest in between. Thepathetic little in-depth exploration of cultural differences andintra-customary variations were only ever skid marks on the undies ofrevelation and portrayed as quippy stereotypes and cheap gags. Forexample *Pakistani accent* "why don't you grow a beard like yourbrother" and "oh, Mrs 'whoever' was just driving by and dropped in"(don't forget to roll the R's). Additionally, every brown character inthe movie seemed to have a Pakistani accent despite them telling ussome were USA born and bred - again this points to the forced andfarcical nature of the approach to humour in the movie. Furthermore, if you've read any of my previous reviews, you'll know Idetest medical inconsistencies in movies. I'm sorry but one minuteEmily has a chest infection (for which she would have received someanti-inflammatories at some point - I'll come onto why this isimportant in a minute) and the next minute she's so unwell she'smaterialised five jargon jabbering Jar Jar Binks style doctors andneeds urgent surgery (for god knows what - she had no indication asecond ago of empyema/pleural effusion etc and I'm sorry but I've notreally heard of just cutting an infection out of someone's lung, evenTB isn't managed like that these days!) Then hey presto, Dr Houseobviously came along and matched the swollen ankle tid-bit from earlierwith her apparent "inconclusive biopsy" (again - Huh?) and came up withAdult Onset Still's Disease. Her condition then rapidly improved theminute they gave her some anti-inflammatories - which dare I say shewould have got in the ER the minute she walked through the door for herapparent chest infection, so, none of this medical mumbo-jumbo wouldhave happened anyway! Really, if they wanted me to care about hermedical condition they should have focused and put some effort intogetting the details accurate, because apparently it may actually havehappened exactly like that, if this movie really was based on a truestory. However, regardless if the medicine was accurate or depicted well, likean impending meteor the rubbish that ensued whilst Emily wasunconscious had already sealed this movie's fate. An obligatory 9-11related scene could never go amiss here, the bombing out on stage(excuse the pun), the pointless screaming at a PA system over 4 slicesof cheese and the overall boring conversations just left me feelingsleepy. I have no idea why the story then suddenly waffled on aboutEmily's parent's marital issues - what on earth did that have to dowith the price of chips?Overall, this movie picked a great topic to explore but failedmiserably at exploring it. The focus here should have been on delvinginto Pakistani culture, how the second generation are adapting it intoWestern Culture and how both generations are dealing with this paradigmshift. This should have been a film about Kumail's and Emily's parentsbonding and accepting each other's cultures through the eyes of theirchildren, especially as Emily battles for her life. This could havebeen a movie about the younger American-Indian/Pakistani/whatevergeneration teaching the older generations of their identity struggle,how they strive to fit into both worlds and how the older generationneed to change to be more accepting of this brave new world. Yet,instead this was a film about cheesy quips, borderline raciststereotypes and just the usual white people issues and pointlessyelling, boiling down to just being another boring chick-flick typeromance movie with some basic comedic moments. Watch Bend It Like Beckham, East is East, Marigold Hotel or even Brideand Prejudice *sigh* if you expect more exploration of culturaldifferences. This is barely watchable. 6/10 as the funny bits arefunny.