Carol Burnett once said, "comedy is tragedy plus time," a theory thatgladly speaks for itself in the personal testimony written and starredby Kumail Nanjiani in his cinematic standup performance: The Big Sick.Everything Kumail narrates about his background resembles a comedyshow's beats: first, he briefly tells about his history with a grainyyellow-tinted film reel of Pakistan accompanied by his childhoodphotos; then, he goes through the highs and lows of his new romancewith Emily, the White woman he falls for after she shouts at him frominside the audience. He helps us listeners to emphasize with hismemories by showing their first awkward talk about high schoolembarrassments. Their secretive dates begin with her positioned in thecar's backseat and end with an awkward hug, their conversationsintimate enough to place you in the moment. She is divorced, he isforced by his parents into meeting other potential wives from his homecountry, and his passive acceptance of the family standard hurts her.Unfortunately, he gets no chance to apologize to her, since a possiblyfatal disease puts her into a coma.Therefore, this movie resembles a drama more closely than a comedy,because we experience the moment how it felt to him, minus time.Alongside the key story, Kumail also strives to teach us more aboutPaki culture, only after he openly mocks his family's expectations toworship Allah. Other minor quirks of a standup routine are spiced infor extra flavor in the atmosphere: he laughs, he cries, racistcomments are thrown at him, and we even hear his other comedian friendstell their catastrophic backstories, plus time.Under the wrong hands, Kumail's story would have fallen into aschmaltzy, predictable rom-com trap. But nope, you continue to guesswhether the two end up together. Some little visual stimulators makeyou want to see good bloom out of the turmoil, such as Kumail listeningto every voicemail Emily sent him.Instead of resorting to attractive A-listers for the leads, the castingdirector got whoever best fit the requirements to play the roles, andthankfully the casting director had good taste. Kumail deserves moreattention after his acting endeavor, as even something non-storyrelated like him losing his cool over a fast food order communicateshis inner condition. Everyone else gives fantastic performances too,expressing distinct reactions to Emily's predicament as the walls closein on them. Although the most real performance was Holly Hunter, whoplayed Emily's mother; she does not play a stereotypically frustratedold woman, but displays an even balance between happy and sad moments.Expect to see her name in the Oscar lineup come January.Just don't expect to see any awards in the technical categories. Theclearly low budget was no problem itself, except minimal effortexploited the minimal resources to generate any stunning visualsbesides plain white, apart from the orange Paki home. The lack ofartistic care made this look like every other rom-com out there, yetthe enjoyment remains intact.However, the jarring editing work might interfere with the enjoyment.The editor, Robert Nassau, rarely kept the actors' positions consistentbetween shots, several of which ran too short to support the moodconsistency. The sound editors deserve some blame to share too, for thevoices talk over each other too much during conversations that were notmeant to sound heated.You may notice several other bothersome issues; it could be thestandard, unromantic musical score by Michael Andrews (Donnie Darko),or the way it stereotypes fraternity boys, but perfection still driftsa long way from shore.Although that matters little?I applaud Kumail Nanjiani for bravelysharing the most difficult period of his life with all of us. Based onmy personal experience, the best stories come from real life, so weeach should see The Big Sick to learn more about the meaning of love.Especially if you're unsure about your role in the American dream, Ifor one recommend taking your significant other to hear a remarkabletestimony by a greatly valiant soul.