And the good films keep coming. "The Big Sick" recalls the greatcomedies of the past, stories with smart characters, unexpectedsurprises, and sharp, clever writing based on real events, without ahint of fantasy or crazy action.Two apparently different people meet in Chicago, with obvious chemistryand great prospects for a successful relationship. They have an amazingtime together, telling themselves that this is nothing but a quickfling. Both of them have valid reasons, but it's hard to fight thespark and the fire that exist between them.There are obstacles to overcome, and they mostly originate fromcultural traditions and the way different people handle those. He triesto keep his family happy doing as much as he can by acting like a goodPakistani son. He comes to family dinners, feeling frustrated anduncomfortable since mom has plans for his future, and he dreads whatthis future holds for him.In the meantime, he pursues his dreams to become a comedian. He derivesthe material mostly from his experiences, and sometimes, he discoversit will take some hard work. For a while, he is able to juggle his two"lives", hanging around his lovely girlfriend and trying to hideeverything from his parents. Then one day his girlfriend finds what hehas been hiding, and she decides to leave because the relationshipcan't work based on what he has done.Fate intervenes, and Emily falls ill, an event that brings him backinto her life. He meets her parents and must undergo initial resistancefrom a protective and loving mother, wonderfully played by HollyHunter, reminding us what a powerhouse she can be. Her father (RayRomano) gives an interesting performance which makes you forget who isthe actor is. He has fantastic chemistry with everyone in the movie.Things become pretty intense as it becomes clear Emily might die, andas her parents and the estranged young man, his life becomes even morecomplicated when he has to face his parents when he decides he has tochoose what he wants for his future."The Big Sick" reaches its audience because it's honest, strong, and itshows something everyone of us is able to understand: that life is notas simple as some people think, and that good relationships require alot of work and constant dialog.