One of my favorite things to do is go into a movie completely blind.Not watch a trailer, look at a poster, or even the cast list. It'sincredibly difficult to do in today's age, especially because of howmuch I enjoy watching trailers, but when the chance comes along to seea movie with no prior knowledge, I take it. The Big Sick is one of those rare movies that presents itself as 3genres, in this case Drama, Comedy, and Romance, and it services eachof those genres equally. So well that you have to mention all 3 ifyou're talking about the movie. It's not just a Rom-Com or a Rom- Dram,it's most certainly a Rom-Com-Dram. I haven't seen a film soeffortlessly balance the 3 genres. This is all while seemingly reinventthe formula for a romantic comedy to beautifully fresh results. The BigSick uses witty humor, charming leads, and socially important topics togive us the best film of the summer thus far.A romance is only as good as its leads and their chemistry. Luckily,Kumail Nanjiani and Zoe Kazan grace the screen with a refreshinglyawkward and charming presence. Being that I haven't really seen eitherof them in anything else, their relationship felt miraculouslyoriginal. The Big Sick is based on Nanjiani's actual life, but thisfelt like a comedy unrestricted by real-life accounts while alsohonoring a serious subject matter that has its place. However, thetwo's chemistry isn't all this film has, its entire ensemble issomething to behold. Ray Romano, Holly Hunter, Anupam Kher, AdeelAkhtar, Zenobia Shroff, and the various comedians do a wonderful job ofrounding out the fantastic cast.It doesn't fall back into genre clichés or tropes, doesn't fall backinto an overly physical comedy (like most comedies do now), and it mostcertainly doesn't go the direction you think it's going to go. The BigSick benefits from having a diverse cast and story and an impeccablyfunny but also poignant script. Heck, it also doesn't hurt that ittakes place and was filmed in my hometown of Chicago. But the importantthing is, this film restores my faith (once again) in original romanticcomedies. Go see it.+Diverse+Original+Funny & heartwarming+Balances its 3 genres impressively10/10