Pretty much everyone knows the score with romantic comedies. A guy anda girl meet, hating each other at first, but through 90 minutes of"kooky" bonding, the quirky odd couple fall in love, but fall out intime for the cheesy climax often involving the girl leaving on a plane,only for the guy to chase it down, get on last minute to confess hislove for her and live happily ever after? The genre comes with certainexpectations, for most part, they aren't optimistic. Well take all yourexpectations and leave them at the door when you see the romanticcomedy, The Big Sick. This film breathes new life into the rom-comgenre, and is simply a beautiful and genuinely funny movie. The BigSick tells the story of Kumail, played by Kumail Nanjiani, an uberdriver from an Islamic Pakistani family who also does comedy on theside. Despite his parents traditional beliefs, Kumail meets Emily, awhite American girl played by Zoe Kazan, and the two start seeing eachother. What follows is a hilarious, but also heartfelt story aboutlove, family, the fear of disappointing your family and the clashbetween liberal/ more relaxed belief and strict tradition.The Big Sick is fantastically well acted by the films four centralactors. Holly Hunter's presence is felt immediately when we first meether character, and she excellently plays the strong but alsocompassionate mother of Emily that is Beth. Ray Romano makes abrilliant comeback as Terry, Emily's father, Romano is obviously nostranger to playing the father role, being one a father of fourhimself. Romano's experience shows in this film, he is funny, timid andbelievable in this film and it's great to see him not play a Mammoth ina movie for once. Zoe Kazan is also great as Emily, playing her with agreat level of emotion and, similar to Holly Hunter, having a realpresence, even if she isn't featured all that much in the actual film.However, the real star of this film is Kumail Nanjiani. This isKumail's movie, he absolutely shines in the films lead role and issimply a revelation. His comedic timing and line delivery is absolutelyon point and his use of sarcasm is exquisite, but not only that, Kumailnails the more serious and emotional scenes, even shedding a few tears,which I honestly did not see coming. Kumail Nanjiani doesn't just shineas a comedic actor, but as a well rounded actor and I really hope thisfilm does wonders for him.But of course comedy is not just about the delivery, it's also largelyabout the material and The Big Sick's material and overall script aresimply marvellous. Not only shining as an actor, Kumail Nanjiani shinesas a writer, co-writing this laugh out loud comedy with his wife EmilyV Gordon. The couple have excellently crafted a subversive romanticcomedy that feels so genuine and so real, that you almost don't want itto end, I know I didn't. What makes this film truly stand out fromother rom-coms is how just genuine the film feels and how clearly youcan feel the writer's emotions. It's obvious that this is more thanjust a film and was written from the heart. Not only that, it's laughout loud funny, which to get me to laugh aloud is like getting bloodout of a stone, and deals with its very relevant themes of culturaltradition and family disappointment daringly yet also respectably.Yes this film is hilarious and emotional, but what really makes thefilm stand out is how it handles its sensitive subjects. Kumail comesfrom a strict, traditionalist, Pakistani Muslim family living inAmerica, so he is going to struggle with the type of life he wants tolive and the one his family want him to live, while also experiencinghis fair share of 9/11 and Isis comments and overall bigotry. How TheBig Sick handles these sensitive matters is outstanding, it doesn'tcower from both debating issues and making some very controversialjokes surrounding them. The film doesn't tiptoe around these things,but also doesn't make the film all about them either, being loud andproud without being pretentious. We simply need more films like this.Overall, The Big Sick is a beautifully well written and excellentlyacted film, that confidently addresses its sensitive areas withoutbeing cocky and feels extremely genuine on both a comedic and emotionalfront. I went in knowing little about the film and that is honestly theway to go, as the films end/ start of credits added a nice surprisethat just added a whole new layer to the film. I actually laughed aloudwhich is extremely rare for me and my smile did not leave my face untillong after the film had finished. I really hope this launches KumailNanjiani and co-writer Emily V Gordon into all new levels of acclaimand success. Bravo and Brava.