I think that it can be safely said that pulling off a great, or even agood comedy takes a lot of talent and a lot of hard work because younot only have to appeal to a small base, but in order to make asuccessful film work, usually it has to be fairly accessible and youhave to have strengths within the film to propel it along such as greatcomedic delivery by your actors as well as having a razor sharp script,or a least a script that knows how to both tell a good story and yet bevery humorous in the meantime. There have been many great comedic filmsover the decades and some would probably fall into my own brand ofcomedy that I personally favour which would tend to be a bit drier, orhave a least some kind of observational, or even neurotic, or selfdeprecating humour involved in it. Unfortunately a lot of the comediestoday, or at least what is considered to be on everybody's radar, orconsidered "the next big thing" usually escapes me as today's sitcomson television I can't stand and it leaves me missing the great comediclegends such as the television productions of Norman Lear in the 1970'ssuch as All in the Family, Maude, Good Times and One Day at a Time.These were shows that knew how to tell a good story, were downrighthilarious at times and also what I think was really fascinating was howthose shows captured both the mood and events of the times that theywere portraying. Such as political opinions, racial attitudes, povertyand the list goes on and on. I wish today's shows and movies too wouldlearn, or take a page from these old shows and make a biting yetfascinating look at today's world and the events going on instead ofjust endless jokes involving profanity, scatological humour, or thingsinvolving, or around perversity. This new film, The Big Sick proves tobe the new reigning champion in today's comedy film because it works sosuccessfully on a number of different levels. It accomplishes the taskof being a comedy because it is at times very funny and there wereseveral laugh out loud moments during the film and also some smallmoments where I laughed inwardly and probably had a big smile on myface. The film kept the crude jokes and language to a minimum (yes,they are still there, but not thankfully the main goal of the movie)and instead it uses these very witty jokes alongside telling a storythat when you come right down to it is a story of great depth and atruly insightful and yet honest look at modern relationships and justlove in general. The film tells a good comedic story and has lots oflaughs, but yet it also pulls off the tricky balancing act of addingdrama and even some sadness into the mix with this comedy and yet itall feels so natural and like these events could be going on in ourvery own lives (probably with a few variables here, or there), but thefilm successfully allows us not just to laugh at these characters, butalso allows us to empathize and feel their sadness, joy, grief and awhole gamut of emotions throughout the course of the film's runningtime. The film is based on a true story of it's main star KumailNanjiani and he also co-wrote the film with his wife, Emily V. Gordonand we cheer for these two during the course of the film and even if wehave a sneaking suspicion of how it will all turn out, it still allowsfor plenty of moments of both laughs and sometimes coming close totears as well. The Big Sick also commendably shows relationships andfinally gets the message across to audiences that today people truly dotake relationships too flippantly where there really sometimes doesneed to be some effort involved and when we as people engage in onenight stands, or brief affairs, is that really love, or does it justend up hurting us and making us all the more vulnerable in the end? Weas people need to evaluate our relationships and what we think aboutlove and what it truly means to have a healthy and functioningrelationship. As with anything worthwhile this can take work and a fairbit of effort, but I think most people can tell you that the end resultis worth it. The acting by the main stars and supporting are amongstthe best if not the best performances by an ensemble cast I have seenso far this year and the writing by Gordon and Nanjiani has depth,laughs, sadness and true heart to it that not only makes it a truewinner as a comedy, but in a range of different categories and one ofthe most perspective and yet also effective looks on relationships andlove to come out in awhile. Truly one of this year's best films.