What's more important? Your significant other or your family? That canbe a challenging question when it comes to your development as a humanbeing. While it doesn't say much about you and how you react to people,it certainly says something about their personality. Should they sidewith their lover, then they are willing to dodge bullets and rarelycare about the opinions of other people. If they chose family, thenthey have a lot of beliefs in classic values don't want to lose apossible safety net from their parents. As a white guy from a middle class family, I already have to process mythoughts if I'm going to go against my parents. I can't imagine howmuch harder that has to be for those from backgrounds with thickerbackgrounds. A good friend of mine is marrying into a Mexican-catholicfamily despite being nonreligious. He's told me that it's taken him awhile to win over his brides family and to be accepted into theirtraditions. Another friend of mine married an African-American, despitesome resistance from his family. Today, I know them as one of the mostloving families around. The Big Sick examines love and conflicting withtraditions.Uber driver Kumail (played by Kumail Nanjiani) is an aspiring stand upcomedian who is on the verge of acquiring his big break by possiblygetting a spot in a popular Canadian comedy festival. He also does aone person play about his experience of growing up in Pakistan and theU.S.A. and how he's adopted the American way of living, despite hisfamily staying safe within their Pakistan values. This includes weeklydinners where his parents keep trying to set him up with potentialwomen from Pakistan to lead into an arraigned marriage. This changesduring one of his shows when a heckler stops his show.Aspiring therapist Emily (played by Zoe Kazan) talks to Kumail abouthis act and the two end up going home. Though they keep claiming theywon't do it again, it leads them to date (without Kumail's parentsknowing of course). After a fight and her walking out, Kumail gets aphone call about her in the hospital. He agrees with the doctor to puther in a medical induced coma and uses her phone to contact herparents. Her father Terry (played by Ray Romano) and mother Beth(played by Holly Hunter) arrive as the two and Kumail try to help themdeal with their daughter. The Big Sick happens to not only be verycute, but this is a nice examination at these kinds of relationships.You usually don't see many interracial kinships (with the exception ofthis years Get Out), but this one examines a lot of the complicationsthat arise from both families opinions to between the lovers. It evenmanages to subvert a lot of tropes you typically find in these romancecomedies, like how the couple has their "blowout" much earlier, whichonly makes the situation even more complicated if she recovers.The main star and scriptwriter, Kumail Nanjuani, clearly has based thisoff of his experiences (just wait for the end credits). He knows how tojuggle the balance of what probably happened and which moments wereexaggerated. He also understands just how much he can hurt his familyand how high the consequences were. Though his performance as himselfwas good, the bigger surprise comes from both Ray Romano and HollyHunter, both actors I haven't seen in a while. If you think Romano isjust repeating his character from Everybody Loves Raymond, then you'llbe in for a surprise by how sincere his character is. While I can'tspoil the best parts, I can be sure he may have earned himself an Oscarnomination.The Big Sick also dwells into stand up comedy, which is rarely done onfilm, into new territory I haven't seen. While most deal with trying tobe funny, this one seems to care about how much storytelling isinvolved. As someone whose done some stand up, I can say that the filmis accurate and honest about how hard it is to get noticed. While we'renot all trying to get on Saturday Night Live, we at least havedifferent perspectives that are worth addressing.I'll give this ten stuffed giraffes out of ten. I was taken aback withhow much I liked this and hope that a lot of people realize that allkinds of love are worth talking about. The biggest sacrifice you canmake depends on what you value, and I hope that this movie can help. Ican definitely recommend The Big Sick.