I hate it when I go to a movie with high expectations and it fails tomeet them. This happened recently with the movie "Baby Driver" whichhad left me a bit underwhelmed and disappointed. So, when I was bookingmy tickets for "The Big Sick" I was a bit apprehensive and unsure. Thetrailer looked like it could be a very different and funny movie. Ihoped that it was not one of those 'make-a-great-trailer-to-get-the-audience-into-buying-the-ticket' movie.Thank God! The movie overwhelmed me in every possible way!'The Big Sick' is brilliant in an unpretentious and unconventional waybut at the same time it is very true to it's genre. It's fearless andtalk about certain issues in a very refreshing way. The characters arereal and super believable. You don't have the conventionally goodlooking romantic couple doing the predictable cheesy things on screenand its fresh to see that.This is an autobiographical story of Kumail Nanjiani (plays himself)and his wife Emily V Gordon (Zoe Kazan). Kumail is in his 30s, astruggling standup comedian in chicago. He is a Pakistani Muslim. Hewas 14 when his family immigrated to the US. His family is veryreligious and believes in praying and expects their son to do anarranged marriage to a bride selected by them. His mother (ZenobiaShroff) has been relentlessly trying to find a match for her son with aMuslim Pakistani girl. During one of his comedy gigs he get 'heckled' by Emily, a whiteAmerican girl who cannot be more different from him and his family.Both of them hit if off immediately. They try to end the relationshipas a fling but cant help falling in love and start dating. Theyeventually have a fight and have a half breakup. Shortly after Emily isadmitted to the hospital and put into a medically induced coma. Kumailstands by her during this time and informs her parents to come by. Therest of the story is about how Kumail and Emily's parent interact andhow Emily struggles with the 'Big Sick'. Don't get me wrong the movienever gets even a little bit sad. Kumail Nanjiani is so good in this movie playing himself. He hasredefined how the Hollywood leading man in a romantic comedy should belike. Zoe Kazan is great and shares a good chemistry with Kumail. Thethird most important cast of the movie are the parents of Kumail andEmily. Zenobia Shroff and Anupam Kher plays the perfect Pakistaniparents. Holly Hunter and Ray Romano are just brilliant in the movie.Such effortless and real acting by these two pair. Kumail's elderbrother played by Adeel Akhtar does a great job. Their sister played byShenaz Treasurywalla has very few lines but looks apt in the role.Kumail's three buddies played by Bo Burnham, Aidy Bryant and KurtBraunohler complement the comedy excellently, The writing by Kumail and his wife Emily Gordon is masterful. It is thereal star of this movie. Michael Showalter's direction does justice tothe writing.After a very long time I saw a rom-com I loved thoroughly and that'swhy I cant stop raving about this one. This is a breakout movie and anew benchmark has been set.Also published on my website - www.storiesofheart.com