Guillermo del Toro's wonderful fable ? "my favourite thing I've everdone" ? is kind of like Arrival starring Amélie, as a shy, mute cleaner(Sally Hawkins) at a government base begins to communicate with theaquaman in the tank, and feels the first flickerings of love.Set ? like my last film at the LFF, On Chesil Beach ? in 1962, it'sreally about today: a plea for tolerance in the light of Trump and co'swar on Muslims, blacks and gays, and a monster movie in which themonster isn't the Other, it's right-wing, gung-ho America, representedhere by Michael Shannon, as a psychotic vet in a teal Cadillac who'llbeat the living crap out of anything that doesn't conform to his veryspecific notion of a person. The toxic machismo and vicious hatred ofotherness isn't restricted to him, though, it's endemic: and hidingbehind the most benign of fronts.Shot in a rich, stylised palette of greens and browns (admittedly moreCity of Lost Children), set partly above an old, working cinema andfilled with little visual effects ? though with a creature who'sdelightfully and resolutely real ? it reminded me of nothing as much asAmélie. That 2001 movie might be the last time I felt quite so charmedby a lead character as by Hawkins' Eliza Esposito, whose increasinglyappealing, steely, sexy performance recalls that holy trinity of greatmute turns: Dorothy McGuire in The Spiral Staircase, Samantha Morton inSweet and Lowdown and Jane Wyman in Johnny Belinda, and is just as fullof nobility and pathos; just as lacking in gimmickry.There's nice work too from Richard Jenkins, who is frequently heldhostage in underwhelming comedies, but showed in Tom McCarthy's 2007masterpiece, The Visitor that he's just about the best actor in Americawhen he can be bothered. As Eliza's gay flatmate, a struggling,alcoholic advertising artist, he's never self-pitying or trite, andthose traits no more define who he is than the fact he's bald.The plot is fine: diverting, involving and well-balanced betweenmoments of intrigue, suspense and humour, but it's the passages ofpoetry that completely bewitched me, including one sequence in awaterlogged bathroom that took the breath away.There's another beguiling flight of fancy that memorably referencesFred and Ginger's 'Let's Face the Music and Dance', and music iscritical to this film: Hawkins and Jenkins engage in an impromptu tap,Alexandre Desplat equips her with the most enchanting theme, and delToro exhibits his great love for ? and understanding of ? classicHollywood by including several clips from old Fox musicals, includingBojangles and Shirley Temple in The Little Colonel and colour clips ofAlice Faye and Carmen Miranda rendered in the monochrome of '60s tubeTV. Realising that I was in a cinema in which a modern audience wasbeing forced to watch old footage of Alice Faye, and listen to a shortmonologue discoursing on her ill- fated Hollywood career was just themost delightful thing.So? a sci-fi, a horror, a monster movie, a romance, a Cold Warthriller, and a history lesson about Alice Faye: this genre-bender ismany things, but above all it's an emotional experience, a clear-sighted, glowing-hearted picture with some of the most beautifulimagery and a performance I'm going to be rhapsodising about for weeks,months, years.