Being praised around the world as one of the best films of the yearfrom people visiting festivals, The Shape of Water is Guillermo DelToro's latest venture into the strange and moving area of film. FromPan's Labyrinth to recent films like Pacific Rim, I've always enjoyedwatching his films. While I won't be praising this film as much as somepeople have been, it will easily be receiving a recommendation from myend, but to the right crowd. The Shape of Water is a beautiful, yetstrange tale of romance, and even though you've seen this particularstory many times over, I feel as though there is enough of a fresh spinto win fans over. Here are my thoughts on The Shape of Water. To get this out of the way, people will surely be going into this filmand receiving flashbacks from films like Beauty and the Beast, Splash,or even Shrek. Taking place in a fantasy world where men capture exoticcreatures and use them to experiment on, Eliza discovers the creatureafter being tortured. Forming a very close bond with him, forming aplan to help him escape, and having him stay in her bathtub where hecan have room to breathe, this very quickly becomes a very strangeromantic tale that people will either buy into or find themselveswondering why they're watching this movie in the first place. Throughout the course of the film, certain characters will presentthemselves in order to provide fear to the creature or to make you sidewith him, so that the story may progress. There are some definiteforced aspects about this film, but when everything is filmed andpresented so wonderfully, it's hard to let that clash with yourenjoyment of the movie as a whole. To add to that, it was clear thatcertain scenes or lines of dialogue were added to the film in order togive it a sense of realism, but some of the vulgarity actually took meout of the overall experience, due to the fact that it wanted to getyou emotionally invested at the same time. You'll know what I mean ifyou choose to check out this film. Aside from appearances in Paddington or Blue Jasmine, I'd never reallythought about Sally Hawkins as a leading lady of a major production,but sometimes you're proved to be severely wrong, because herperformance here floored me. I was incredibly invested in every singlemoment her character was on-screen and anything I didn't like aboutthis movie faded away every time she interacted with someone and had todisplay her emotions through her sign language or by just simplytearing up or showing emotion through her eyes. I will be rememberingthis performance as one of the best of the year by year. In the end, where I think this film slightly fails is in its additionof human villains. The Shape of Water is a beautiful romance at itscore, but I didn't feel the movie shows quite enough of it to really bea masterpiece, even though the production designers sure made it feellike a damn elegant piece of cinema. If for nothing else, the setdesign, along with the visual effects and art direction will surely beincluded in the awards season to come, because it's some of the bestI've seen all year (possibly even the absolute best). Overall, I cancall The Shape of Water a damn solid film, but it's not quite aswonderful as I was hoping it would be, To fans of strange or uniquefilms, I recommend you check out this movie. Many people seem to beadoring this film, and while I agree that it's impressive, it's justhard not to compare it to many similar concepts.