Every now and then a work of cinema arrives in theaters that completelychallenges one's conception of what a film can be. A groundbreakingtechnical and thematic masterpiece, Pan's Labyrinth and Hellboydirector Guillermo del Toro accomplishes something that on paper seemsimpossible; what is essentially a comedic Cold War body horror musicalromance between a mute woman and a mermaid. Not only does the modernmaster of movie monsters blend such an eclectic variety of genres intoa single storyline, but he also does so without any sense ofconvolution or confusion, exhibiting a technical mastery that allowsthe film to seamlessly flow between its fantastical elements and socialrealism as well as stand as a work of art on its own. What Del Toro'slatest film offers is not merely a stylistic spectacle, but also athoughtful meditation on the nature of love and its ultimate lack ofboundaries.Before directing my appraisals towards the film's exceptional ensembleperformances, thematic resonance and technical ingenuity, I feel itnecessary to discuss what's on the surface. The film's productiondesign is, simply put, outstanding. Set within the cultural bubble ofearly 1960s Baltimore, you can tell del Toro feels a genuine love forthe aesthetic of the era, between the beauty of the grandiose operaticcinema to the humorously polite manner in which the characters conversewith one another. This is contrasted by the grim color palette of thefacility that Eliza (Sally Hawkins) and Zelda (Octavia Spencer) workin, a white male-dominated hierarchy in which minorities are abusedlike slaves. Even outside of the facility, del Toro never shies awayfrom the darkness behind this maintained superficial beauty. Racism,sexism and homophobia are ever present as shop owners reject minoritiesto preserve their all-white family aesthetic and Col. Strickland(Michael Shannon) exerts his dominance over the wife of his nuclearfamily in a truly sickening way. However, unlike most period pieces,there is no protest or fight for change. The superficial world remainssolid through every horrible injustice committed, for these characterslive in the 60s, where there is an understanding (or at least a belief)that things won't change. The characters accept these injustices forit's all they can do, strengthening and almost excusing the centralinterspecies love story so that it resonates all the more deeply.From a technical perspective, the film truly mimics the element of itstitle. It's camera-work floats towards and around its characters whileits transitions flow into one another like water. Del Toro maintainssuch a rhythmic pace via his use of editing, usually cutting on soundto craft a film that is as auditory as it is visual. The film'sensemble of is just as stunning. Against the backdrop of the 1960s delToro's protagonists consist of different social outcasts, placing theauthoritative white male in the role of an antagonist who takes fulladvantage of his societal superiority complex. Octavia Spencer as Zelda(Eliza's black co-worker) and Richard Jenkins as Giles (Eliza's gayneighbor) provide much of the film's comedic relief through theirsimultaneous embodiment and subversion of the era's stereotypes. Whileone could argue that their roles of the closeted gay confidante and theblack maid are cliché, both characters display a strong awareness fortheir prejudiced status, with both resolving to disobey the conventionssociety has imposed on them; a decision that sets them apart from mostportrayals of 1960s minorities. Michael Shannon offers anothercompelling performance as an abusive sociopath, and some of his actions(such as the aforementioned scene with his wife) impressively disgustin a world in which audiences are so desensitized to violence andon-screen abuse.Supporting characters aside, the standout of this film is withoutquestion Sally Hawkins, whose performance as a mute woman forces uponher the unique challenge of making an audience empathize with her inspite of a lack of speech. She does this through her playfulness; herlove of art, particularly music and musicals, the way she tap dancesher way to work when no one is watching, and palpable emotions thatrequire no voice to express. Her sign language offers one of the film'smost spectacular visuals, and del Toro knows this, choosing to placethe subtitles as close to her hands as possible so as not to detracttoo much attention.Though more attention could have been diverted to Doug Jones as theAsset, and the creature's general quirky mannerisms, it is the scenesthat he shares with Eliza that are the film's most tender. ThroughoutEliza's interactions with her two friends (Zelda and Giles), while it'sestablished that the two characters care about her deeply, we get thesense that her muteness is being taken advantage of, as both endlesslyvent their personal struggles and anxieties to her with no one to cutthem off. Such is the reason for Eliza's infatuation with the Asset,itself a speechless creature that doesn't see Eliza as incomplete inthe slightest. When the two finally bring their relationship to thenext level, like the supporting cast, we the audience have no problemaccepting it. Both employ wildly different means of communication;Eliza's an organized series of gestures whereas the Asset's are primaland animalistic. However, when the two finally bring their relationshipto the next level, like the supporting cast, we the audience have noproblem accepting it.The Shape of Water is hardly a fantasy. Ultimately, it's a film abouttolerance. An allegory for all of history's outcasts that attempts toshine a light on the conditions from which real monsters are born. Likeit's moral message of acceptance, del Toro extends this inclusion tohis audience, accepting fans of all genres, offering something trulyenjoyable for every kind of moviegoer. The Shape of Water is anextremely confident mesh of comedy, romance, horror, drama andmusicals, with enough technical wizardry to impress any cinephile.