How can any review rightfully describe Call Me By Your Name? I had theimmense privilege of seeing it at Sundance before 99.99% of the world,so now I am one of the select few in charge of p(r)eaching the gospelthat is Call Me By Your Name. This film is simply a masterpiece,possibly the best romance film of all time, and one of the best filmsof all time as well.The plot is basic, but it is how the story is told through the actors,the imagery, and the music where the film shines. The son of anacademic (Elio, played by Timothee Chalamet) falls in love, perhapshopelessly, with a visiting student (Oliver, played by Armie Hammer)who is staying with his family "somewhere in northern Italy." Almostall reviewers will describe it as a gay romance, some will say it'sjust about two people falling in love (and they will get criticized fortrying to downplay the sexuality of the characters), but at its core itis about two people who fall in love with one another but havedifficulty realizing that the other feels the same way. It is auniversal film about love, sensuality, longing, and being true tooneself.While most romance films are unrealistic, melodramatic, or otherwiseuninspired, Call Me By Your Name is anything but. The first hour istension-filled with innuendo in the actions between the main charactersand the other people in the story that realistically captures thedelicate dance involved in flirting. The passion that develops ispalpable, with some of the best love scenes to grace the cinema -complete with the awkwardness involved. The ending may be predictable,but how everything plays out is a masterclass of film-making. The final monologue between father and son towards the end will be thehighlight for most people. Michael Stahlbarg gives a breathtakingperformance as he calmly provides his son comfort, but mostimportantly, acceptance. However, the emotional peak of the film trulycomes at its end, with a haunting final shot that will stay with meforever. Timothee Chalamet is a revelation and is destined to becomeone of modern cinema's finest actors. Armie Hammer finally has a rolethat allows him to shine. While many will be surprised at the castingon paper, it is a testament to the actors that you can truly feel thepassion between their characters so much that the pairing feels likedestiny. Call Me By Your Name is a moving film that stays with you, leaving adark depression for days that arises not from what happens in themovie, but how it is shown. It is so beautiful, but heart-wrenching atthe same time, that it reminds us how amazing life is despite that ourdesires are not always, if ever, truly fulfilled. The film teaches theviewer important life lessons that have already deeply impacted me as aperson and how I intend to live my life. The central question it asksis best summarized through a question asked by a character in the film:"Is it better to speak, or to die?" After the film, one can only leavewith one logical conclusion: To speak, because to die, is to diewithout ever knowing the answer. And for Elio, regardless of how therelationship ends up (see the film!), at least he knows the answer.