It is absolutely refreshing to see someone trying something NEW,INNOVATIVE, and BOLD in independent and homosexual-themed cinema. I'dargue this movie is not "gay" it is a love story. The nuance islayered, and articulate - and for the educated (or those seeking deeperunderstanding of classics). That said, it relates directly on a veryhuman level. It is the best character study of a teen-aged male I've seen to date. This film pushes aside all the tired, cliché "McGay" films that havelittered the landscape for far too long. It is also groundbreaking infinally pushing back against the current culture of leftist PCone-size-fits-all nonsense. The characters aren't role models, orcarrying flags on their backs (Thankfully) they're human beings. What??A film about people being people and not "saving the world" or"fighting" some ridiculous political battle?? Again, thank you.(Spoiler - you've been warned). My only quibble structurally is thefilmmaker needed another edit, and seemed at times to get in his ownway. 10 minutes at least could have been spared.We don't learn who Oliver 'is' enough. The story line that he was lyingin wait for Elio to 'come around' doesn't necessarily add up in thenarrative as presented. The stop-off for a glass of water - just tomake the point that Right WIng fascism is alive ad well (image of IlDuce/Mussolini) doesn't really do anything - especially when theyarrive 2 minutes later at a fresh Spring. I also found some of therepetitive biking scenes monotonous - we get it - you got a greatlocation and you're serving us so much beauty - however too much sugarcan make your stomach hurt. The end scene with the father will play well with the common audience Ibelieve, but it seems a bit long & forced. HOWEVER, none of thisnegates the 10-star brilliance of the film, and its definitive place ina new canon.I just hope the PC keyboard warriors don't ruin it and make otherinnovators shy away. It's time to keep pushing that envelope. Well done! (The understatement of the century).