Chiron, in Barry Jenkins' Oscar-winning film "Moonlight," in additionto being gay and black, has to deal with drug abuse, bullying, and thelack of a supportive home environment. In contrast, in LucaGuadagnino's ("A Bigger Splash") achingly beautiful Call Me by YourName, 17-year-old Elio's (Timothée Chalamet, "Love the Coopers") lifeis safe, comfortable, and surrounded by love though, like Chiron, hemust come to terms with his true identity. Written by three-time Oscarnominee James Ivory and adapted from the 2007 novel by Andre Aciman,Call Me by Your Name is set in the summer of 1983 where Oliver (ArmieHammer, "Free Fire") is an American research assistant studying withart history Professor Perlman (Michael Stuhlbarg, "Steve Jobs") atPerlman's gorgeous villa in Northern Italy.Oliver arrives at this idyllic setting with its gardens, peach trees,and lakes to greet the professor, his wife Annella (Amira Casar,"Planetarium") a lover of German poetry, and his teenage son Elio whospeaks several languages and transcribes piano scores for the guitar.Shot by Thai cinematographer Sayombhu Mukdeeprom ("Uncle Boonmee WhoCan Recall His Past Lives") and buoyed by new songs from SufjanStevens, it is easy to feel yourself present in the languid summerafternoon, as Aciman expresses it, "with the scent of rosemary, theheat, the birds, the cicadas, the sway of palm fronds, the silence thatfalls like a light linen shawl on an appallingly sunny day." With Oliver's arrival, Elio now has to shift his focus from pursuinghis French girlfriend Marzia (Esther Garrel, "Daydreams") to show theAmerican student around town and give him bike tours of the area. Soon,however, he becomes annoyed by the American's brusque manner and hisabrupt "later" whenever he's leaving. When Elio, who is Jewish, seesOliver wearing a Star of David on a chain around his neck, however, hefinds a common bond, jokingly telling him that his mother considerstheir family to be "Jews in discretion." Sharing the same bathroom,their friendship begins to expand when they engage in conversation andgo swimming together. Although Oliver gives Elio a neck massage duringa volley ball game, the boy seems unable or unwilling to process thefeelings that it brings up in him.When Oliver causally tells Elio that he seems to know everything, theteenager confesses that he knows everything except "what reallymatters." Even when physical intimacy is established, there is thesense that they hold back from fully expressing their feelings and evenprefer not to talk about them. Chalamet, in his first leading role, isa revelation, delivering a deeply affecting performance that showsgreat promise. Hammer's performance is restrained, but also fullybelievable, making sure that the age difference does not get in the wayof the honest and genuine relationship they have established. As theystrengthen their friendship, like lovers, their identities blend intoeach other and they express it verbally by taking each other's name.Call Me by Your Name is not an "us versus them" movie. There are noantagonists in the film. It is a celebration of love in all its wonderand mystery.There is gay sex in the movie but, like "Moonlight," it is about morethan sex. As Guadagnino says, "it is about compassion, trust, andwisdom." All three of these values are expressed in the conversationbetween Elio and his dad, an interchange that is moving and wise.Though the film is "gay-themed," Guadagnino does not pigeonhole thecharacters into familiar categories and his refusal to deal instereotypes or manufactured emotion gives the film the space to breatheand reach the place where tension can grow. Like "Moonlight," Call Meby Your Name has a universal appeal and can touch anyone, gay orstraight, who has ever felt the confused and conflicting longings offirst love, or who knows from experience that, in the words of the song"Plaisir d'amour," "The joy of love is but a moment long. The pain oflove endures the whole life long."