Not to single out this particular premise, but films revolving aroundgay couples have been terrific over the last decade or so. There was aspark when 2005's Brokeback Mountain was released, which eventuallybrought us to foreign films like Blue Is the Warmest Colour beingnominated for a Golden Globe or Moonlight winning best picture at theOscars. Call Me by Your Name is the latest film to probably receivemany nominations in the coming months, and believe me, the praise isnot false. Being a fan of 2015's A Bigger Splash, I was looking forwardto Luca Guadagnino's follow-up feature film, and I believe this to bean improvement in the best ways. Exploring the hardships of life andwhat it means to just kick back and relax every now and then, Call Meby Your Name is a film that's been sticking with me since my viewing ofit. While it admittedly won't be able to draw in everyone to thetheatres, here is why I believe this to be a fantastic, award-worthypicture.Written by James Ivory and directed by Luca Guadagnino, Call Me by YourName follows a family that lets Oliver, an older graduate student, livein their home for the summer. While this is a common thing, what's nottoo common is that Elio, their son, will eventually grow romanticfeelings toward this man, convincing him to become his lover for thesummer. From the age gap between them and having to hide it from thefamily, their situation isn't an easy one, nor will it be for someaudience members, but it really is a wonderful story. This is easily astory that could've stirred up controversy if it hadn't been done withtaste, and because of how it was made, I just couldn't take my eyes offthe screen. This was made entirely possible by the incredibly devotedperformances by Timothée Chalamet and Armie Hammer.Hammer has had his ups and downs through the years, appearing inOscar-winning films as well as some of the worst films of the year, sohis performance here was the most shocking to me. Yes, he's been talentin nearly everything he's been in, but he really gave his all in thisperformance and I honestly don't think he'll ever be better than he wasin Call Me by Your Name. On the other hand, young Chalamet has a verybright future ahead of him. Being a relatively new actor, his chemistrywith Hammer was impeccably astounding. Their relationship took a whileto grow on me, but once it completely won me over, I found myselfwondering if there was anything to really complain about.If I had to complain about anything, it would be in its extremepressure to try your patience. There are very long sequences ofsilence, making you relax and take in either a romantic moment or thescenery around them, which I also found poetic at the same time, so Iactually have trouble coming up with issues, but I have to admit that Idid find the movie slow at times. Yes, it's meant to be slow, which iswhy that complaint isn't exactly valid, but I just have to be honest.In the end, this is a truly remarkable piece of dramatic filmmaking andthere are some very memorable scenes that keep replaying themselves inmy head. One scene in particular that involves Elio and his father Mr.Perlman (played magnificently by Michael Stuhlbarg) toward the end hadme in tears. From the brilliantly written screenplay, to the poeticcinematography, to the terrifically calm direction, Call Me by YourName isn't a movie that I would send the average moviegoer out to see,but if you're a hardcore film fan, I think you'll end up loving thismovie.