The Ghost (Casey Affleck) returns to his home and watches his loved onegrieve for him and he will try to connect with his wife (Rooney Mara),but cannot. (Good luck with that. Hey, Houdini couldn't do it)Normally, I stay away from horror or scary movies ? hey I want to sleeppeacefully - but I had an feeling that this would not be the case here.And, of course, I was right. ('bout time) Here's the thing: there ishardly any dialogue, no action at all, the Ghost just stands by andwatches his wife kind of grieve and we have no real insight to hergrieving except for one scene where she eats a pie for 4+ actualliteral minutes. I think the idea of the movie is to allow us time tothink about death, grieving and all that. A scene can last up to 3?minutes or more without anything happening except for the Ghostwatching: his wife alone without him, his wife bringing home a lover, Iguess ; a family with kids when he throws plates to let the family knowthe house is haunted and they leave; a party in the house when a mantells of the absurdness of everything because all will end and no onewill be remembered for anything; the destruction of the house; thebuilding of a high-rise office building where the house was; a pioneerfamily on the plains killed by Indians (not sure what this scene wasall about except it was the place the house was originally built); andto finish off the Loop, we see him and his wife move into the house asin the beginning of all this before his death, which was a car accidentnot far from the house. We see the wife move out of the house to moveforward with her life, but the Ghost doesn't move with her, but stayswith the house. We thought something would happen when the Ghost sees another Ghost inthe house next door, but nothing happens and we only learn that theother Ghost is female (flowered sheet, you see) and she says she iswaiting, but has forgotten for whom she is waiting. We also thoughtsomething would help explain things when the Ghost tries to retrieve apaper his wife wrote something on and placed it in a wall and paintedover it. But we are not privy to what she wrote when the Ghost readsit. The note wasn't for him. Again, the Ghost wants to communicate but cannot. I still think theslowness of all scenes after the death are meant for us to reflect onour mortality and others too although there is no following the wife tounderstand her grief. We kind of got the feeling there is nothing moreshe can do , but try to get on with her life as she leaves the house. Isuppose we should all reflect upon our mortality and how death willalso affect others too, so if you feel the need to reflect, then watchthis movie . Otherwise skip it. Life is too short to be so involvedabout death and the consequences thereof. (Is thereof a word?)The music is appropriate for the scenes we see. The acting is good forthe story (Is Casey Affleck really under that sheet?) I do not see anyOscar Awards in this. Maybe the title should have been Reflections aswe are given really too much time to reflect on death and consequencesthereof. (there it is again) You may have to ask yourself if you wereoverwhelmed by this movie. I was, kinda. (5/10)Violence: Plates being thrown only. We do not see the car accident.Sex: No. Nudity: No. Language: Only one F-bomb was heard. .No softstuff.