The two nice things I can say about A Ghost Story is that thecinematography and the score are well done. As much as I'm going to ripon this movie, Lowery is a capable director and has a following as anindie filmmaker for a reason. He had a very clear vision for this movieand as much as it wasn't my thing, he did execute it.The acting is the next category where I can say I was a little mixed onthings. Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara are both okay in their respectiveroles as C and M. You spend a lot of time with them because of themovie's refusal to cut scenes down to watchable lengths but I couldn'tconnect with them emotionally. The movie wants to have pathosdesperately but other than the fact that C dies young, why would weattach ourselves to them? Sure we watch them snuggling for 10 minutesand they seem nice, why should I care?! But what I want to reiterate isthat I don't blame Casey and Rooney for it.Getting to what I couldn't stand about this movie is the complete lackof plot progression. C dies and he watches his girlfriend M deal withhis passing and move on. He then watches a family move in and move outof this house and he occasionally interacts with another ghost that hasbeen there so long that it has forgotten who they are waiting for. Thekey is that large amounts of time pass instantaneously. Part of theproblem is that C doesn't interact with anyone through dialogue andthere's no narration or monologue to detail how he's feeling as this ishappening. This is a zero sum game where NOTHING HAPPENS except for 1or 2 instances that last for a couple of minutes max. We're literallywatching him watch other people, that's the crux of this movie. Thismakes the movie unbearable in every sense of the word.The next problem is the style in which Lowery decides to film and editit. The takes last minutes and that doesn't mean anything happens. Oneof the most talked about scenes in this movie is where we watch M eat awhole pie over 5-10 minutes. Who decides that we needed to see that?Its IRRITATING, there wasn't enough material here for a whole movie sowere these long scenes a ploy to stretch it out to feature length? Ifso, bravo! The critics ate this up but I refuse to.I also want to comment on the message of the movie. They're trying tomake a point about the impermanence of life and how powerful grief canbe, I didn't miss the point or not get it. If you didn't pick this up,there is a big monologue by a party guest about how what we accomplish(having kids, writing a symphony, being an author etc.) is ultimatelypointless and everything you do and whoever you know will eventuallydie or be forgotten. This is supposed to be profound but it was justpretentious. Did people not know this? I just assumed it was commonknowledge. If you didn't know, life is fleeting and eventually ourindividual accomplishments will be forgotten. NO S#!*. That's how lifeas a human being is. I knew that already and I didn't need to listen tosomeone brag about knowing it for 10 minutes! It's not that the messageis offensive, its that its delivered pretentiously and its commonknowledge. I don't know why everyone sees it as this profound thing,its not.I can appreciate their approach to this movie in trying to do somethingdifferent. I didn't go into watching A Ghost Story wanting to hate itor deliberately trying to make fun of it. The long and the short of ifis that very little happens in this movie and what does happen isn'tinteresting. It's boring throughout and you literally watch paint dry.I'm glad the critics got something out of it, I didn't find anything toenjoy. I didn't even think the acting was noteworthy and when you'vegot a movie led by Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara, that's sayingsomething. I have to call this movie what it is: boring andineffective. I didn't hate this completely and my real rating would be3.5/10 but I think audience members who aren't critics or aren't infilm studies are going to hate this.