Despite all the negativity many associated with 2016, and rightly so,it brought a special gift with it that I have not stopped embracing. Istill talk about Manchester by the Sea, I'll probably endlessly singthis film's praises. Since seeing Manchester by the Sea five times intheatres, I decided to check out more from its writer/director KennethLonergan. I also began to eagerly anticipate Casey Affleck's nextproject. I was even more excited when I read about A Ghost Story. WhenI read about this modest film tackling the biggest issues of existenceand life's unanswered questions, I did the kind of happy dance only astudent of philosophy would do. The 2017 film directed by David Lowrypromised to be a simplistic yet grand look at love and loss, and how toendure when we lose someone prematurely. Everything about it soundedright up my alley, I even traveled nearly two hours away to be able tosee it so to say I was invested would be an understatement. Needless tosay, I obviously took a wrong turn, because I didn't see A Ghost Storyfulfill what it promised, nor did the film speak to me in an impactfulway. I experienced a complete lack of emotion as the lights came backon in the empty theatre and was left pondering, not the meaning ofexistence or its meaninglessness, but just how self-important a filmcould appear without ever actualizing its vision. C (Casey Affleck) is killed in an automobile accident. Unable to leavebehind his love M (Rooney Mara) he hovers between the living and thedead, maintaining some level of existence as a ghost, white sheet andall. He witnesses M readjust to her life of day-to-day menialactivities, and even witnesses her possibly move on in her love lifewith another person. Desperate to maintain a connection with her, hespends his time trying to obtain a personally meaningful piece of herthat she left behind in the house they shared together. As he attemptsto recover the last piece of his love he has access to, he sees theworld change as he is catapulted through the years. Not only does theghost see far into the future, but he sees far into the past, as well,and is shown the family responsible for the first fence post put in onthe land where his house would eventually be built. An exploration onthe grandiose scale of the world often ignored by our ownself-interest, A Ghost Story attempts to construct a fresh look usingmany borrowed pieces from philosophy and literature that never quitematerializes.Few things make me happier, cinematically than a "little film thatcould". A minimalist story with modest sets and sparse dialogue isalmost certain to endear itself to me. I should have loved A GhostStory. There is only one scene in which we see more than two people onscreen together and one of the main characters is dead throughout mostof the film's runtime, yet, the film still fails to achieve itsself-professed "smallness". Perhaps my main gripe about the film'salleged simplicity lies in the heavy-handed way it delivers itsmessage. There is not a single bit of this film that gives the audienceenough tools to arrive at the desired conclusion on their own. Insteadof subtlety, David Lowry presents images and statements that drive homehis message hand-over-fist. I get it, and I got it about 30 minutesinto the movie that life is meaningless and much greater than ourindividual lives that most people remain focused on throughout theirday. I didn't need a stroll through the past or to be jolted into thefuture to understand that there are more people than me in the worldand we're all going to die. That lesson is one that I would have muchrather experienced in a philosophy course than to see in a film usingsuch a blatant method. Granted, I minored in philosophy during myundergrad so these are themes I consider often, but the change in pacethe film underwent switching from its initial egoism bent to itscollectivism was disengaging and disingenuous. It seems as though thefilm is attempting to make a grand philosophical statement whilemaintaining an infantile view on life and its meaning. I also have anaversion to stylistic decisions that don't seem to serve a purpose. InA Ghost Story, the aspect ratio chosen seems to only exist as aself-serving gesture meant to remind the audience that it is an artfilm. A Ghost Story hardly treads new ground, as it promised, and leftme in a cold emotionless state. A technical achievement, A Ghost Storywould have left me far less angry if that was all it wanted to be, butthe intellectualism it attempts while showing no regard for theintelligence of the audience sours me on its product completely.