O.M.Ghost! This was the WORST film I've seen in a long, _long_ time!It was so bad we were giggling and cracking jokes during it (we were inan empty theatre that night?unaware of what audiences may have alreadyknown). I'm never one of those rude people who talks during a film, butwe didn't know how to survive without a little humorous banter. Most frequently uttered phrase that allowed small laugh relatedreleases: "He's a very patient ghost."{SPOILER?well, actually, "RESCUER" Alert? since you should avoid seeingthis film!}During the long, _long_ scenes where NOTHING happens, we begansuggesting that Casey Affleck probably had a stand-in for this "artfilm" since he was covered in a sheet 95% of the time. Apparently,Kesha (Jerry Seinfeld's pal) plays the only other ghost in the film,but she too is covered with a sheet (with a floral pattern, so we knowshe's female) so who's to know who's under there? This whole film feels horribly self indulgent and pretentious. Itpresents like an undergrad film school project where the student filmmaker has just studied Andy Warhol, Kurosawa, or a Jarmusch filmbackwards or something. The movie is littered with bad 4-5 minute scenes when _nothing_happens. Nothing. The ghost just stands there. Okay. I get it. He saysnothing, stands there for an interminable amount of time and we get toproject our own thoughts and feelings on him. Done. Understood. Can weplease move on now??We get to watch Rooney Mara eat an entire pie in one long shot thateats up 5 minutes of screen time, while her dead husband, the ghost,just stands there, unmoving, and watches the whole thing through a thesheet. I guess that's her actor moment when she really "commits to thepart." After a couple minutes, it pulled us out of the film as we beganto wonder about the actress and not the character she was playing witha blank face to match her ghost's. Does she throw up for real in thebackground?...Honestly, I feel like I'm living in Bizarro world when I read summarysnippets like this one at Rotten Tomatoes:"A passionate young couple, unexpectedly separated by a shocking loss,discover an eternal connection and a love that is infinite."WHAT?!?. "Passionate?!" Where the hell was passion in this film? Eventhe 4-5 minute kissing and cuddling scene in the beginning was sterile,like an unthawed Ingmar Bergman homage. I love kissing and cuddling. Wewere bored out of our minds watching _nothing_ transpire between thetwo leads before Casey dies and turns into a ghost with that famouslyeasy Halloween costume. Certainly didn't see "love." Plenty of "eternal." THAT's a promise the film delivers on! It's anexperience in mind numbing eternity. You'll feel older leaving thetheater.And with all of this "undying love," why does Affleck's ghost offerzero comfort to his grieving wife? There's only one moment where hereaches out with sheet to touch her hand. The rest of the time hestands in the corner like a sad boy in 2nd Grade, shamed for somemisbehavior. We see him get angry and flash the lights when she brings a new manback home. She finally moves out, and for reasons that are never clear,Affleck's ghost terrorizes a single-parented Latino family who buys thehome. We're supposed to to assume he's frustrated or confused or sadbecause Rooney left? But he does so by hurling dishes against the wallin front of little kids and their Mom as they try to eat dinner.Assumedly it's to answer that questions that haunts us all, "Why doghosts throw things?" Yeahhhhhh?. Right.While Lowery's tale may be a horribly misplaced homage to foreigncinema or film school, it really felt like it robbed us of a couplehours we'll never get back. Why does it not surprise me it was madewith only $100k? It could have been an interesting, half hour episodeof "Black Mirror." There are some good shots of the ghost standing alone amidst rubble,and the strange flipping forward and backward in time to suggest aloop. There are even a couple of dry humorous moments when theabsurdity of the white sheeted ghost just tickles. Sadly, these momentsextend another 3-4 minutes too long, grinding all of the possible humorout of the moment like stereotypical Germans editing comedy.There are even 2 Affleck ghosts at the end of the film as if to suggestthis time loop might keep creating ghosts for every one that finallytranslates into the beyond? Okay, that's interesting. There's theendless attempt to get the piece of paper that Rooney leaves for him inthe door jam, but we never see what she wrote. Oh,? I. get. it. WE aresupposed to write whatever we think she wrote there! "Hey, I'm okay. You can go now." Can WE go now? ALL of this could have been done in 30-45 minutes. Itfeels horribly narcissistic and pretentious to expect an audience tosit through this unceasing indulgence. I have no idea what happened atSundance when this screened, but it may be one of the rare downsides oflegal weed. The anti-entertainment critics were in full force when theyrated this film.I give it TWO, no _FOUR_ THUMBS DOWN.You've been forewarned. Please ignore the high Rotten Tomatoes rating. Something failed in theratings system because when you read some of the "positive" reviews,they list these problems too. Perhaps it too reminded them fondly offilm school??He's a very patient ghost?it's unlikely audiences will be.Zzzzz.......