Let me start off by saying that if you see a movie named A GHOST STORYreleased to DVD in the beginning of October the odds are you'rethinking this would be a good movie for Halloween, right? Well thismovie is far from that. Yes, it involves a ghost, but that's as closeas it gets to Halloween. And since it was released to theaters beforeOctober it may just be a coincidence. Just be aware that this is not agood Halloween movie. As a matter of fact it's not much of a good movieeither.The film opens with Casey Affleck as C and Rooney Mara as M, a youngcouple in love and about to move from a house they live in. Lyingtogether on the couch she tells him about when she was a little girl,how she would take notes to herself and fold them into the tightest,smallest way she could and then insert them into the crevices of thehouse she was leaving. Moving a lot as a child her intent was to havesomething there to remind herself of those times if she ever returned.One of the odd things the film does is nor move in a linear fashion butjust jumps forward to key scenes. One key scene involves the couple inbed when they hear a crash against their piano in the other room.Investigating they find nothing disturbed and go back to bed. Therethey cuddle and kiss for what seems like an eternity and then go backto sleep. Next key scene, C plays a piece of music he's composed for Mto listen to. Next key scene M hauls a trunk to the curb. Next keyscene C is in a car crash outside their home.The following scene moves the reset of the movie forward. M views thebody of C in the morgue and then leaves. A lingering shot that seemslike forever just shows the sheet covered body lying there. And then itrises. This images moves the rest of the movie forward, a sheet coveredghost. Returning to the home it watches M deal with her loss and moveout. It watches new people move in and scares one family. It watchesanother move in which sets up the next biggest portion of the film.I could describe it but this part is the most interesting part of theentire film and while taking time to make a point via dialogue it'sonly a small portion of the time spent watching this film. And trust meyou'll be noticing the time while watching as it seems to take foreverto go anywhere.While watching this film one word kept floating through my brain:pretentious. The definition of the word is "attempting to impress byaffecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actuallypossessed." That sums up this movie perfectly. In attempting to make"art" the film instead induces boredom. If I were Sominex I would tryand buy the rights to this film as it induces sleep faster than thatover the country drug.Long shots of nothing, panning shots of scenes with nothing going onand the latest fad in pretentious films, the long drawn out gaze of oneactor either at another or just at the camera, all are found here.Affleck took some heat for some with his previous film MANCHESTER BYTHE SEA where some found it to be pretentious as well. I enjoyed hisperformance there and still recommend the film. But this film isnothing more than art house self-pat on the back type film making, amovie where those involved tell themselves how wonderful it is and howthe masses just aren't smart enough to understand the complexities ofart.In reality the masses are quite aware of what art is. They know what isgood and what is bad. And to use a portion of a well turned phrasethey'll also see this movie and realize immediately that it is notShinola but the alternative.