Tanuja Chandra returns to fine form with 'Qarib Qarib Singlle', herlatest directorial effort. A charming & delightful Romantic-Comedy,that works on the idea of "opposites attract". Made with honesty &humor, the film also benefits from its leading-actors, of whom both,deliver wonderfully.'Qarib Qarib Singlle' Synopsis: Yogi and Parvathy (Irrfan & Parvathy),who have polar opposite personalities and sensibilities, meet via aonline dating app. This encounter turns into much more and the both endup going on a journey around India, where Yogi decides to reconnectwith his ex-girlfriends.'Qarib Qarib Singlle' is about exploring the person you like, whom youhope to end up in love with. Tanuja Chandra brings in much humor in theromance, with Irrfan's Yogi being a complete hoot. Parvarthy, on theother-hand, a widow, is subdued & restrained, a complete contrast tothe easy-going, food-loving Yogi. The contrasting personalities of itsleading-characters is what makes 'Qarib Qarib Singlle' work so well.Their conversations are never on the same page, their lifestyles aredifferent & so is their approach to life, and yet they connect.Offering heart & soul, Yogi & Parvathy's journey turns out to bememorable. Tanuja Chandra is in form this time, no doubts on that! She has handledthis film with ease. The Screenplay, though not perfect, is well-done,offering some great humorous moments almost throughout as well asoffering soul. Cinematography captures the picturesque beauty of Indiato perfection. Editing is crisp. Art & Costume Design are perfect.Music by Various Artists is good.Performance-Wise: Irrfan & Parvarthy are a joy to watch. Theever-terrific Irrfan pitches in a comedic, relaxed performance,portraying Yogi to great effect. Parvarthy exudes genuine charm &warmth as Jaya. Also, Irrfan & Parvarthy share an excellent on-screenchemistry from start to end. Of the supporting cast, the UnderratedNeha Dhupia & the Magnificent Brijendra Kala leave a mark.On the whole, 'Qarib Qarib Singlle' is a fun watch. Go and enjoy!