Odd couples sometimes makes it an even watch. Audience loved pairing ofAmitabh-Tabu in Cheeni Kum, Rahul Bose-Mallika Sherawat in Pyaar KeSide Effects or Ranbir Kapoor - Konkana Sen Sharma in Wake Up Sid. Morethan the good-looks, I guess the chemistry between these pairing lit upthe silver screen and so were the audience. Will the unusual pairing ofIrrfan Khan and Parvathy Menon shine in Qarib Qarib Singlle ? Let usfind out ..Qarib Qarib Singlle tells the story of a divorcée Jaya (Malayalam filmactress Parvathy Menon) who befriends the full-of-life, Yogi (IrrfanKhan), and agrees to accompany him on a road trip. Through the journeyof fun ride, Jaya and Yogi realizes the true meaning of love.Qarib Qarib Singlle marks a good comeback for Tanuja Chandra who madepretty popular dark and gritty 90's Dushman (Kajol and Sanjay Dutt) andSangharsh (Preity Zinta and Akshay Kumar). Like her previous films,Tanuja Chandra chose the female character to be the protagonist. Thoughthe film is narrated from the Jaya's point of view, it is the bindaascharacter of Irrfan Khan which electrifies the screen the moment heenters the scene. The immensely talented actor just pours in somesuperb witty one-liners that will bring down the house. The film is onehell of a ride in the first half while the second half scores well onmelodrama. Despite some good hilarious scenes, the film does have itsshare of flaws and loses the track towards the end, especially theordinary climax. Tanuja Chandra does succeed in creating real-life characters thatconnects well with audience. The chemistry between Parvathy Menon andIrrfan Khan is simply superb and will engage you till the end. Theromantic drama had add-on with tuneful songs, amazing cinematographywhich captures some exotic location of India right from Hrishikesh tillSikkim. Despite being her Bollywood debut, Parvathy Menon shows theconfidence with her dialogues and expressions. Irrfan Khan is simplymind-blowing. This is second film this year after Hindi Medium wherethe actor does a fine job in comic scenes. Overall, Qarib Qarib Singlle is a memorable trip that you should take.Good 3/5