Spoilers. There is a delicious score, an elegant and whimsical 1936waltz, on which during moments of suspense a bassoon plays comicvariations. Nothing is to be taken seriously. Certainly not the story.The plot gives us incidents which are evidently red herrings designedto mislead Inspector Poirot but mislead the viewer as well. Why should"the clumsy cliché" of the smashed watch telling us the time of themurder be necessary? Because, says Poirot, it is supposed to lead himto believe the murder took place at an earlier hour than it did, anhour in which all the suspects had unshakable alibis. But if thesuspects were in cahoots, couldn't they have improvised the same alibisfor a later hour as well? After all, Poirot was asleep in hiscompartment, or at least trying to sleep, all night. And the lady inthe white nightgown with the red dragons -- what was that about? Itcomplicated the plot with an added detail but couldn't have confusedPoirot much since it was of no relevance to his perception of what wasgoing on. The acting isn't meant to be taken seriously either. First, there isAlbert Finney as Poirot, who looks absolutely great with every visiblehair waxed to perfection, and an indefinable accent that wavers a bitfrom scene to scene, as if he were, as John Simon put it, "sending uptrial Walloons." Everyone else overacts hammily (and enjoyably) too.Especially enjoyable is Sir John Gielgud as the batman or butler orvalet or whatever he is, explaining away a "contusion" on the back ofhis head with, "The result of a fracas in the mess, concerning thequality of a pudding, sir, know as 'spotted dick'." There were one or two other things in the script that Agatha Christie(played by Vanessa Redgrave in "Agatha") could not have gotten awaywith. Guilgud also does a marvelous job with the simple act of stabbinghis employer, wriggling the dagger from side to side in the unconsciousman's chest, and yanking it out with a theatrical flourish and anexpression not of rage but of utter contempt. Likewise impressive isSean Connery as Colonel Arbuthnot, that mess hall accent and demeanor,that mustache more firmly established than the Empire itself, snappingat Poirot that he would not have been stupid enough to use his "peepcleaner" and leave it in the murdered man's ash tray. The least interesting performances probably include Jacqueline Bissett,Peter York, and some minor characters, but this is partly because theirroles require less of them. (How can you be a hammy wagon-litconductor?) I haven't read the novel in years but my impression is thatthis movie, with its additional wit, is an improvement. The elegance of first-class travel on a train whose very name issuggestive of mystery and romance is nicely conveyed. It's snowy andscenic and bitterly cold outside, but in these beautifully appointedcompartments we are well and snug and can order fresh oysters and fruitand poached sole with one new potato and a green salad with nodressing. It's cramped of course, but that merely adds to theimpression of coziness. The Orient Express as I experienced it in third class isn't really veryelegant. The only space I could find was on the metal floor in front ofa bathroom, whose door kept swinging open and shut. Everyone on boardseemed to have a digestive disorder. After buying a bottle of home-madechianti from a vendor at one of the stops, for twenty-five cents, sodid I. I suppose you have to be well-to, British, and middle class, asChristie was. All her views of the world, gathered in the wake of herarchaeologist husband, are tourist's views, which is just fine.The plot, as always in a Christie story, is as finely tuned as a watchand follows its format as closely as any episode of "Columbo." Poirotmeets an old friend in some unusual place. A murder takes place. Poirotinterviews everyone and pieces the whole thing together, no matter howimprobable the feat. The last chapter (or reel) has the guests gatheredtogether silently while Poirot strides around, or in Finney's case,shuffles around, and explains what has happened and why. The solutionsare usually a surprise when they are finally revealed, but repeatedviewings don't hurt. In fact, knowing ahead of time what the end willlook like gives us a chance to appreciate better the display andcharacter and the planting of clues, real and false. This is nothingmore than a divertimento but it is a highly likable one, withoutpretense, and neatly done.