"Murder on the Orient Express" starts with infamous Belgian detectiveHercule Poirot (Albert Finney) making his way to London on urgent business. On the way he dines with old friend Bianchi (Martin Basalm), who runs theOrient Express, a classy, comfortable international train, and offers Poirota ride on it, Poirot accepts.  Also riding on the train is a colonel (SeanConnery), his lover (Vanessa Redgrave), a Hungarian Count (Michael York) andCountess (Jacqueline Bisset), a princess (Wendy Hiller), a Swedishmissionary (Ingrid Bergman), a talky American (Lauren Bacall), an Americanmillionaire (Richard Widmark), his servants (Anthony Perkins and JohnGielgud), and others.  Things are sleepy and quiet during the first day, butby morning of the second day two things have happened.  One: the train hasbecome stuck in the snow in Yugoslavia and two: the millionaire has beenfound murdered.After some persuasion from Bianchi Poirot takes the case, determined tosolve it before the Yugoslavian police get there.  We see Poirot's unmatchedtalent early on when he examines the murder site ? the victim's room ? andfinds all sorts of things.  We learn that the victim has a connection to acase from five years ago where a child was kidnapped from a millionairecouple and soon found murdered.  I won't give away anymore.Poirot then starts to interrogate the passengers, starting with the mostimportant and moving his way down.  The bulk of the movie is in theinterrogation scenes, where we spend five or ten minutes learning about allof the twelve passengers and what their connection is (if any) to themurder.  Poirot often turns from a playful, friendly inquirer to a fierce,unrelenting predator on the witnesses, depending on their character.  Thisis where we see his skills flourish, he can analyze a person and figure outin what way he can get his answers just after a few seconds of talking tothem.  He is kind to the conductor, flattering to the princess, friendly tothe butler and angry and fierce to the colonel and his lover.  The lattertwo scenes feature an angry explosion from Poirot ? once when he's offendedabout something the colonel said and again when the colonel's lover won'tanswer a question.Except for a few brief shots at the beginning and a scene at the end, Icannot recall a single scene without Finney.  Estimating, we'll say he'sonscreen for two hours of the hundred and twenty-eight minutes of the movie. His task was to carry the film.  He succeeded.  Finney got his performanceright on.  He never loses his tough accent; he never emphasizes the wrongword or syllable, he moves like Poirot would, he smiles when Poirot would,Albert Finney is barely visible here, but you can't miss Hercule Poirot. And the best thing is, even though his job of carrying the film must've beenterribly hard, you can clearly see him having a lot of funonscreen.The rest of the cast has fun too, because they're allowed to.  They all knowtheir character perfectly, and it shows.  Bacall's character is delightfullyannoying, and she knows it, and that's how she played the part.  Hiller'sPrincess is prideful despite her frail look; Hiller played her that way,whereas another actress may have tried to play the character as some sort ofdisintegrating annoyance.  I think the one that stands out the most isIngrid Bergman as the weepy, frightened and not-too-smart religious Swede. She won a surprising Best Supporting Actress Oscar for the role, but not anundeserved one.  Like all the other actors and actresses, she nails hercharacter on the head, all the facial expressions, all the times she breaksinto tears, or when you catch a hint of smile.  The performance isflawless.Sydney Lumet's direction is perfect too.  He doesn't turn it into aclaustrophobic thriller; we never have to little room on the train.  Evenwhen one car is full of all fifteen passengers it doesn't feel crowded. This is partly because of Finney's expert use of his given space; heexplores every inch of every room he's in while delivering hislines.The writing is second best to the acting here, the characters never saysomething that their character wouldn't say.  The pauses are never awkwardand the speeches are never too drawn out.  The way the plot unfolds ismasterful to; there is never a plot hole or an unanswered question in the(quite surprising) ending.This is a classy, elegant film that's brilliantly acted, directed andscripted, a must see for all, 8.5/10.