Murder on the Orient Express started a nice trend in filming some ofthe most stylish of Agatha Christie novels by producer John Brabourne.Although Albert Finney who does a fine job as the Belgian SleuthHercule Poirot declined to do further films with Poirot, Peter Ustinovmore than amply took up the slack in later productions.Richard Widmark is an American expatriate traveling on the famousOrient Express train and he's been receiving mysterious death threats.As it happens Poirot is on the train also and refuses Widmark's offerto be a bodyguard. Widmark is later stabbed to death in his compartment and while thetrain is stranded somewhere in Yugoslavia due to snow drifts, Poirotinvestigates the murder in the best Agatha Christie tradition. Ofcourse in that same tradition the plotters would have gotten away withit more than likely had Poirot and his little gray cells not beenpresent.Widmark as it also turns out was a gangster who had to flee Americabecause he was named as the mastermind of a horrific crime that shockedthe nation. There are a whole lot of people who had reason to want himdead.Poirot conducts his inquiry of the other passengers and they are quitea crew consisting of among others, Lauren Bacall, Michael York, SeanConnery, Ingrid Bergman, Wendy Hiller, Rachel Roberts, VanessaRedgrave, Jacqueline Bissett, etc. Of course I won't tell you the solution, but here's a hint. Note whatSean Connery says while he's being grilled.It's a great ensemble cast of course with a bunch of seasoned playersdoing their thing. Ingrid Bergman got a Best Supporting Actress awardfor her portrayal of a simple soul who is a missionary. I'm betting thecritics noted that her part was offbeat casting for her which shepulled off. In any event she was surprised as all get out when her namewas read at the Oscars in 1975. In accepting the award she got up andsaid quite matter-of-factly that fellow nominee Valentina Cortesedeserved it. Of course she didn't turn it down.As I said, this was one elaborately planned murder and I think you willenjoy seeing Poirot unravel it and what happens later.