Brilliantly clever "Who-Done-It" closely adapted to Agatha Christie'sliterary work. Wonderful, fun, clever mystery.The direction of this movie was exemplary, the acting of all involvedwas dead on; and the scenery, settings, props and trappings weremagnificent.Michael York, whose role is quite small, delivers a quite extraordinaryperformance. Sean Connery comes across as an indignant jilted husbandbeautifully. Star-studded performances deliver a masterpiece as an endproduct.The mystery begins quickly and never stops rolling. There is a clue ineach and every scene, as there isn't one single inch of wasted film inthis wonderful testing of the "old gray Delco." (quote from Warlock I)Every little segment is deliberately placed, meticulously shot andchosen for inclusion, to deliver some of the most intricate details ofthe plot.It's a shining tribute to Agatha Christie and her life's work.While Albert Finney, in my opinion, is the closest physical andmanneristic match for Christie's Hercule Poirot, Ustinov is still myfavorite. Finney pulls the character off in a marvelously witty,dramatic and intelligent way; however, and is a shining star in thisproduction.Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, Sir John Gielgood, Sean Connery,Jacqueline Bisset, Vanessa Redgrave and even Rachel Roberts (who alsoplayed a pivotal part in Chevy Chase's and Goldie Hawn's Foul Play,1979, and died in 1980 of barbiturate poisoning) all deliveredconvincing, cultured and believable performances.What else would you expect from a cast like this. However, as we haveseen in the past, an actor's performance is only as good as thedirector running the show.Hats off to Sidney Lumet for his directing, and to Paul Dehn wholovingly slaved over the screenplay adaptation of Ms. Christie's novel.(Dehn also wrote screenplays for the Planet of the Apes movies, TheDeadly Affair, the Spy Who Came In From The Cold, Goldfinger, Orders ToKill and On Such A Night 1956-among others) Great screenplays for greatmovies. Salute! to Paul Dehn, gone since 1976. This seems to have beenhis last and greatest achievement. Too bad he isn't still with us tohelp us translate the Stephen King screenplays into enjoyable moviesrather than ... what they are.Wonderful, brilliant sleuthing movie.I won't bother with the storyline. If you read any of the otherreviews, you already got that, and I figure, why be redundant? Rent it, Watch it, Buy it.Excellent movie which receives the very first 10/10 from...the Fiend :.