It's a brand-new month and you know what that means right? Yes, anothersuper hero movie to kick off the summer blockbuster season. This timeit isn't Marvel cranking out the comic book, cinematic feature, buttheir rivals DC studios. With its recent shaky track record, the DCcinematic universe hasn't gotten the best publicity in terms ofquality. So, the studio has decided to get the leading lady herself topave the way. Yes, today's review is on Wonder Woman starring Gal Gadotand Chris Pine. Can this movie break the bad luck streak of DC/WBstudios? Robbie K here to share some opinions on the matter, so let'sget started, shall we?LIKES1. Gal Gadot is incredible and steals the show with her poise, pizazz,and acting talents. A fantastic casting direction that really bringsthe woman to wonder to life in beauty, ferocity, and bouts of heroism(a.k.a. kicking bad guy butt). Acting, stunts, and an on-point deliveryof her lines makes this actress one of the tops in my book!2. The action is on point (for most of the movie) filled withimpressive displays of weaponry, martial arts, and historical warfare.Wonder Woman's battles held such emotion, managing to bring thesuspense all while delivering that feel good, post battle high, youmight have gotten from reading a comic book. The team brings somefast-paced thrills we have wanted for almost a year and a half.3. A good representation for girls. I may have already said this, butthis movie targets a wide variety of audience members in some form ormanner. Yet this reviewer has to give props for the design of acharacter that is certainly worthy of representing the female superheroes and inspiring the female population that they certainly can doanything. 4. Comedic timing: It's not going to be a super hero movie (at least inthis day and age) without some laughs to break up the tension. WonderWoman continues this trend, filling the void with well-timedone-liners, a few awkward encounters that often deal with sex, and someslap-stick gimmicks that do the job well. 5. Character Development: I know most super hero movies have thiselement, but there is something about Wonder Woman that stood out tome. This film managed to spin Diana's character development into aroller coaster ride of feelings that almost made me tear up. Herjourney to discovering herself and her role into this new world waspoetically portrayed, using multiple angles to get the job done. Itcould have also been due to the powerful soundtrack, the visualeffects, or maybe Gadot's acting, but it really worked for me. 6. Fast Pace: We all know those movies that drag (and yes, I'm talkingmuch of DC's library). Not the case for this film. The nearly150-minute run time flew by for much of the movie having me at onepoint saying, "Dang, it's already been 90 minutes." Not something Ioften say. DISLIKES:1. Unoriginality: You'll find that Wonder Woman shares a lot withCaptain America: First Avenger. The set-up, setting, and build upalmost matching outside of the weapon of choice and martial arts moves.Certainly, not the biggest limitation, but something that others havebeen bothered by. 2. Almost pointless crew: The crew that joins Diana held such promisein the picture, but it was dropped so hard in this movie. Outside ofChris Pine, the other members do little for the overall mission outsideof a few throws, some "tracking" and mainly comedic relief. There werehints at character development and deeper dynamics, but they fizzledout faster than sparkler at 4th of July. I know, this movie is aboutWonder Woman, but why even include these guys if that was the goal. 3. Preachy: Some reviews state the whole feminism/males are pigs isoverdone, and to an extent I agree. Yet the bigger dislike was thepreachy monologues that sometimes plagued this film. A few times theheat of the moment was lost in a display of self-reflection, which isgreat, but not in the midst of a battlefield. Some of these momentsalso had that eye-rolling factor for me. 4. Overuse of CGI: I like special effects, I like stunts, but I don'tlike overuse of a gimmick. The slow-motion interludes during the actionscenes added some cool emphasis to Wonder Woman's skills (alongsidesome cool finishing moves). Somewhere along the production, someone gota little trigger happy with the effect and used a little too much forme, and soon started disrupting the cool stunts they had Gal do. Inaddition, there were some special effects that were a bit cheesy andtook the edge off of Wonder Woman. Learn from Michael Bay people, toomuch of special effects makes for many jokes. 5. The ending: Don't turn away, hear me out. The ending is great onmany levels (emotional, prowess, role model, and morals). However, itlost the momentum the first few fights had with them, trading suspensefor flashy special effects, drawn out banter, and unimpressivechoreography. Sort of felt like the ending to X-men apocalypse wherethe bad guys bark was worse than his bite. The VERDICT:Wonder Woman delivers on many levels and breaks the mediocre displaysthat DC has cranked out over the last year. It's emotional, it'sdynamic, it's fun, and it provides a solid role model for admirableheroes. I feel the movie met most of my expectations and I was happywith the overall product. It's far from perfect though, and still has afew things to tighten up (like developing other characters, balancingthe CGI use, and keeping the momentum going). Still, I have torecommend this one for a theater visit, especially you comic lovers outthere.