WONDER WOMAN - I don't know much about Wonder Woman comics. But i knowthat Superman comics are based on two themes. HOPE and BELIEVE INHUMANITY. Patty Jenkins as a director took these two themes fromSuperman and made a Wonder Woman movie or i can say Woman Of Steel.This is basically a FISH OUT OF THE WATER storyline. The movie showshow Wonder Woman deal with the new world about which she don't knowmuch while trying to stop World War 1. This is by far the simpleststory of DCEU. Simpler then MAN OF STEEL and DAWN OF JUSTICE. M notcounting Suicide Squad because i don't see much of a story in thatfilm. But being simple is not a bad thing. In fact its great as long asorigin stories goes. M glade that Themyscira the birth place of WW is given enough time toexplore. Which brings me to the cinematography. From Themyscira(whichhas been shot in South Wales and looked gorgeous) to England to Berlin, everything looked beautiful in this movie. And the 3d is better thenTHE MUMMY , although i still recommend to watch it in 2d. Jokes were an integral part of the story. All of them are because ofthe lack of knowledge of WW about the outer world.And these jokes makesthe character of WW a little bit of Naive and whole lot sweeter . Someof the jokes also goes little out of the line as long as preferabilityof Kids goes,I have to say i am very happy with the action sequences of the movie.True that every movie cant achieve the level of Matrix , Man Of Steeland Mad Max , but WW came pretty close. And i liked all of them.Specially the climax one. Which was too close to the climax of Dawn OfJustice , but Patty here injected some serious emotional moments of WWhaving the self realization , which made the action scene better. Cant go forward without talking about the scores. The whole movie hasbeen ''VIOLINISED''. I know that not exactly a real word but i stillused it. And yes the WW theme , came out 3-4 times . And its awesome.Could have been used even more. Gal Gadot is exceptional. On a level that there has been some Oscartalks running around. She well managed the Boldness and Naiveness ofthe character nicely. And set a benchmark in action scenes for femalesuper heroes. Chris Pinn , called as box office poison(a star who makes flops despitegood acting.) is giving here one of his best performance , and yes themovie is working very well at box office and some credit goes to him. What else to say , m happy as well as relieved to see that the movie isgood. I was hoping too much from it and it paid of. 8.8/10by ANuP APu KuMaR