Looking at the reviews and ratings for "Wonder Woman", gives me thesense that critics and audiences got caught in the hype and hubris ofwhat this means and symbolizes versus what the movie actually is.Because actually watching "Wonder Woman", what I was left with, war arather mediocre, subpar and overly long movie, which did not escape theunderwhelming cookie-cutter mould oftentimes movies of the superherogenre are subject and prisoners to. There was nothing above averageabout this film and worst of all and even unforgivable it was fairlyboring and dour for a significant amount of time.So where to start with this movie. I could write a whole essay aboutits flaws and shortcomings. But I won't. Suffices to say that problemsabound in editing, pacing, cinematography, special effects, script,casting and so forth. Just to pick on a few examples, throughout themovie there were instances when the CGI was just bad, cheesy andlooking completely undercooked and unfinished! Which is something youmight forgive a TV series due to obvious budgetary limitations, but nota movie with a $150 million dollars budget! What did they spent themoney on...catering? Actually I've seen modestly budgeted TV shows havebetter CGI than "Wonder Woman" had at times. And what is with the frequent and repeated use of the slo-moeffects?!?! That special effect was innovative in 1999 when the "TheMatrix" came out, by now as a tool of the trade it is played out andtiresome. The slo-mo effects have become Zach Snyder's calling cardmuch like lens flares have become JJ Abram's. It doesn't mean otherdirectors should emulate and copy them. Looking at you Patty Jenkins.The cast I found rather bland and underwhelming. Edit: Actually I likedRobin Wright and Connie Nielsen in their roles, they looked and soundedthe part, but had soo little screen time that they didn't have theopportunity to make a positive and lasting impact on the movie'soverall quality.Which brings me to Gal Gadot. She might look like a version of WonderWoman, somewhat, but so do many fans in cosplay. I think casting GalGadot was more a matter of looks and style versus actual substance andabilities. I found her acting range to be quite limited and heron-screen presence rather stiff. I thought and still do that there areother more accomplished and versatile actresses who could have servedthe role and character of Wonder Woman better.It looks like since Nolan's Batman trilogy, DC movie projects havetaken an IQ dive...not that Marvel is any better...and that is in largepart because Zach Snyder and co., have laid the foundation of what theDCEU looks, feels like and is. And now all subsequent additions to thiscinematic and even TV universe are beholden and slaves to that vision. Personally I would have loved to see what an unshackled MichelleMcLaren could have accomplished with a movie like this.And that is part of the overall problem. As movie audiences andcritics, we've come to accept mediocrity in our entertainment (muchlike in many other aspects of our society), and we have been left withthese increasingly higher scale, higher budget movies which deliverless and less. Whenever one even rises a bit above that line ofmediocrity, we deem it a resounding success and reward it accordingly.That is the law of diminishing returns.