Lets start with saying there are good parts in the Movie.As a lot of People disliked the first half of the film, i actuallyliked it. It was a little slow, but overall it set up how wonder womangrew up.Now to the second part: Just.. don't... you cant just change thesetting from WW1 to WW2 and only change "now there are trench wars andits 30 years earlier".WW1 was the ultimate example of showing people that an industrial warleaves no Winners. But the first thing WonderWoman is doing is choosinga site simply because he is the first person to enter her island and isbeing chased. After this the movie is playing a perfect black and whitegame with explanations "we have stalemate for years, but this smallvillage has still scared villagers that want here to help to fightagainst the evil forces.At this point i was hoping for a revelation when Wonderwoman killsdozen of German Soldiers that the British would overrun them and killGermans that are just try to flee and survive, or kill the civilians.That could have been a great revelation to her about all sides of thewar are bad, and have perfect character development. BUT no - nothinglike this happens, she kills Germans, everything is fine, thevillager's greet them as liberators and thank them.Which is actually just an incredible incredible downplay and rewrite ofhistory. The Movie could have made an statement, it could have beenanti war. But no it chooses to glorify violence in a black and whitesetting.But the it gets worse... We enter the finale: After again killingdozens of German solider, Dr. Poision is right in front of her, the oneof two truly evil character we have in this movie, and what does WW?she changes her mind not to kill her. After her decision, she goes onto kill again.(but i guess that's okay because it was a woman who wasjust torturing people and developing weapons of mass destructioninstead of soldiers who where forced to fight)Other things that might bother you but i would be willing to let slidebecause, of - superhero movie: Small Airplane get off in desert and manages to fly way to far Giant ship with canons, vanishes after people in landing rowboats getdefeated. secret weapon gets invented and gets used one time with no effect conclusion to sacrifice is just... well senseless Spacetime must be waaaaaay off in to many instances (plane, boat,locations, travel time) Charakter development is hinted but then ignored