Let me just get it out of the way. I am a DC fan. I have vastlypreferred all the recent DCEU movies to the newer stuff marvel has putout (aside from suicide squad!). Yes they have their flaws but theyfelt like a breath of fresh air from the light hearted marvel movieswhich were beginning to loose their charm. Then Wonder Woman came alongand I must say it looked very promising... I was hyped. And so thereviews came flooding in and they were all very positive which was abig surprise! I was going in with high expectations. I came outdisappointed. Before I start ranting on about how overrated Wonder Woman is I want tosay that the first act of the movie (in Themyscira) was amazing. Fromthe cinematography capturing the beauty of the island to the battleagainst the soldiers on the beach. It was all great. Then this epicstart that promised a good movie was ruined as the characters enteredLondon and all the comedic one liners began to come in. It suddenlydidn't feel like a DC movie. Yes I know it's okay for the odd joke butcome on we're in the height of World War One here and you're giving usall this jokey dialogue... No thanks. Then eventually we meet Dr poison and some army general who's name Iforget. Wow. These guys are worse than any marvel villain. Period. Theywere left completely undeveloped by the end of the movie and had hardlyany screen time. Speaking of villains who had hardly any screen time,ares who I guess was supposed to be the main villain was terrible. Theybuilt up all this tension that ares would be the general when in theend he was some character we'd seen for about 5 minutes at the start ofthe movie. Talk about an anticlimax. The final fight scene was awful.Just awful. The definition of a cgi mess. And why did ares still havethe face of the human he disguised himself as when he went into his godform. Who knows?! That's when I dropped out and couldn't be botheredpaying attention to it anymore. Transformers does cgi fights better forgod sake. And when I said this movie was overrated on YouTube Irealized how toxic we DC fans are. All of them started attacking me.Can we really not take criticism?! If this was a marvel movie it wouldbe a whole different story for the DC fanboys! They'd hate it and talkabout all the points I've mentioned!In conclusion I really don't get why everyone loves this movie so much.It just feels like another generic superhero movie with some extraflaws. Nothing special here :p4 or 5/10