Reading the reviews here. Either they are bowing down to the movie orjust hating blindly. Not sure how many have actually seen it. Very goodmovie after all the disappointment from the past DCEU movies.Seeing all the trailers and featurettes, very little was left forimagination, but those didn't disappoint. The movie is about thejourney of a demigod from Themyscira, where it's all bright and shinyto the real world, which is torn by war, greed, hatred and darkness.Diana walks in as the light.Getting her influence from Donner, Patty Jenkins got it right. What itmeans to be a hero, what does it mean to inspire..and the quest for theAmazon beauty to become the light in the darkness. Strength, sorrow,motivation, humanity, hope and loss forges the path to be the ultimatehero she's meant to be.Gal Gadot surprised me. Most of her past performances were, well, subpar. Finally she's in the spotlight. She did pretty well. Although shehas a long way to go, everyone begins somewhere. This movie is for her.Kudos for her strong performance, specially the fight sequences.We all deserved this movie. While not a masterpiece, but good enough tobe the stepping stone for women empowerment, and a proper story for ademigod and one of the most popular female superhero who can go toe totoe with the all powerful Superman. I just can't wait to see herinteractions and chemistry with the big blue, and how they co ordinate,being the two gods that they are. DCEU is back on track.Apart from her, Chris Pine as Steve Trevor shined, and he is straightfrom the comic book pages. He's a good actor, not surprising.Despite all the positives, it has it's flaws. Some scenes were too longand unnecessarily dragged. Diana's chemistry with Steve could have beenbetter. Dr Poison was equivalent to Kaecilius' henchmen..wasted.A good ending satisfies all, after the emotional turbulence audiencesgo through. This movie did justice to that.That being said, Man of Steel still remains the favorite DCEU movie forme. But perhaps that's because I'm biased to Supes.7/10.