When it comes to women superheroes, it seems that they have more of aprominence within comics rather then their film adaptations. A lot ofthat has to do with that there are simply more men then women that evenwear the capes, as it seemed that the image of the comic book seemedmore like a boys thing. Of course that's far from the truth as not onlyplenty women read comic books, but comics themselves have proved thatthey can be an art. So for each Spider-Man, Batman, and Iron Man, whereare the women heroes like Captain Marvel, Batgirl, and of course,Wonder Woman? Like how comics had to prove that there's room for heroes of allgenders, film had to do something similar. It's too bad we couldn'thave started with both men and women, but that's just how society is.Previous attempts to portray women as superheroes have fallen shortwith awful movies like Supergirl, Catwoman, and Elektra. It's hard topinpoint where those went wrong, bit I think it was a matter of tryingto be too different from the regular superheroes. Everyone can resteasy as Wonder Woman not only gives us a good DC movie, but a greatwoman-led superhero film.On the hidden island of Themyscira, which is home to the Amazon women,young Diana is the daughter to Queen Hippolyta (played by ConnieNielsen) and Zeus when she was sculpted out of clay. Diana would liketo train to be a fierce warrior, though her mother refuses it. Thisleads Diana to be secretly trained by her aunt and General of theAmazons, Antlope (played by Robin Wright). Things seem fine as Diana(played by Gal Gadot) proves to be quick on her feet and strong, untila planes crashes near their waters.Diana rescues the pilot Steve Trevor (played by Chris Pine) who turnsout to be a captain from the United States Army Air Service in thecrisis of "The War to End All Wars". Steve convinces Diana that theAmazon women would be in great danger while Diana starts to think thatthat it's all the cause of the god of war, Ares. Knowing she can handlethe "God-Killer" sword, she accompanies Steve to England to find outwhere Ares would be during the Great War. Meanwhile, the Germans areworking on more methods to fight forward with the help of GeneralLudendorff and the mad scientist Dr. Poison.Wonder Woman has figured out why the previous female led superheromovies have failed and why the others work; because they care. It'sclear that director Patty Jenkins understands that you don't need totry something too different, but rather fresh. Wonder Woman uses afamiliar setup of a "team up plot to defeat the villain", but it has aradical feel to it all because you can tell that the people behind thiscare about their character. Much of the dark tone from Man of Steel andBatman V Superman: Dawn of Justice is gone in favor of something morelively (though it does have grim moments).One of the stronger points of Batman V Superman was Gal Gadot as WonderWoman. This movie shows she's a good enough actress to carry herselfthroughout. What makes it smart that aside from being a fish out ofwater scenario for our hero, the Chris Pine character has one too onthe island of the Amazons. This allows a reintroduction to Wonder Womanas she starts to understand the humans and how some of their actionsmay not come from the gods. It's a true character arc that not evenMarvel seems to be doing a lot of.What I also like is that it's never trying to push the "women rule!"feel (similar to the Ghostbusters from last year) that hard in favor ofa "men and women working together" tone that seems like something thateveryone will like. Her willingness to want to save everyone whileaccepting that many of victims of circumstance not only having me feelgood about our heroine, but even had me think about some of the flawsof the original Captain America movie that had a "good vs. evil" stylewar.I'll give this ten lassos of truth out of ten. Wonder Woman is not onlythe best DC cinematic universe movie, but feels like a fresh breath ofair within the superhero bubble that only seems to be getting bigger.It works as an action movie, a comedy, a movie about World War I, adrama, and above all, a great superhero story about ones evolution. Itonly seems like that this was sculpted by the same gods who made Diana.