Many reviews complained that Diana and Ares aren't complex characters,or that they are "generic" but this is simply untrue. First, Diana andAres are extremely well-suited for each other as a hero/villain duo.*Spoilers* We learn at the end of the movie that Ares never actuallycontrols men and compels them to go to war; in fact, what he REALLYWANTS is to restore earth to the paradise that it once was--beforehuman beings, in THEIR corruption--destroyed it.And initially, the restoration of earth to a peaceful paradise isDiana's motivation as well. She also wants to restore earth to anidyllic paradise, free of war and corruption. Diana and Ares' sharedmotivation reminds me of the shared motivation of Batman and the Joker(i.e., they are both vying for control of Gotham City, though Batmanwants it to be ordered, while the Joker wants it to slip into chaos).Like Batman and Joker, Ares and Diana initially want virtually the samething, which really allows their struggles to compliment one another.Yet, when Diana ultimately gains a little wisdom and realizes thathuman beings themselves have "destroyed" the paradise of the earth, andnot Ares, she has the capability to also see the beauty in the humancondition.Diana loves humans. Ares does not. Ares--a "villain"--wants PURE peace.And Diana--the "hero"-- actually does not, because she realizes that inorder for there to be pure peace, humans would really have to beentirely wiped out. And she authentically loves humans. In short, these characters are complex. Diana grows--she learns how tolove, and she completely changes her mission. And the God of War'smotivation is the restoration of paradise--talk about complexity ofcharacter. *Side note*--It's also nice to see Diana build a team to help her. Shedoesn't talk all the credit for her mission, nor does she try to. Shewillingly enlists and accepts the help of several highly trained men.This was a nice change from superhero movies that focus so heavily onthe hero being, well, a hero--and doing it all him or herself.Friendship, love, teamwork--those are important too. A final note:In an interview, Samantha Robinson (writer and director of The LoveWitch) said something along the lines of how she was always interestedwith the idea of women who are the "centerfold. There they are, readyto be ogled and looked at, right in the literal center of the action,but what is going on in their head? No one asks them. They have blankeyes, blank faces, and they're all object--no subject.I didn't get the sense that Diana was an empty-eyed centerfold at all.That is, even though she is absolutely stunning and sexy, she isirreducible to her sex appeal. Her eyes are always alive. I noticedthis especially in the scene where she learns how to dance--she'slooking around at the snow, at her friends--she's investigating theworld, and she doesn't even need to say anything, but I could see herbeauty shine as not just a mere object, but as a subject--exploring,taking in, discovering, the world. Truly beautiful. Anyone who complains about "bad CGI" or "flat characters" or a"predictable plot" or "it's too feminist" or "it's not feminist enough"is I think, missing the point of the movie, and missing a reallybeautiful insight into the nature of human nature.