Is it just me or are the movies from Hollywood getting worse and worse?This movie was actually so bad that I felt the need to create anaccount here to review it and hopefully save a lot of people fromwasting their money.Where to start... The whole movie is a complete mess and the plot seemsto lack any logic.First off the movie was marketed as being about a strong female leadcharacter to counter the never ending movies about men. This is awelcoming change in the movie industry but just like the recent ghostbusters movie it really fell short. I was expecting a kick asscharacter like Ripley from Alien but instead we get this naive youngwomen that needs to get told by the male lead character what to do. Theplot was actually carried by men throughout the movie and instead of amovie empowering women it was a movie with the usual gender roles.Anyway I knew from the first scene that the movie was going to be crapwhen they showed the earth from space and somehow the clouds was wellabove the stratosphere. The clouds where so big that you would thinkthat it was on Jupiter.The characters was shallow and you never got to know anyone. There isone scene where they sit around a campfire and talk about theirbackgrounds but they say like two lines each and that's it! even thecharacters in Pokemon for game boy was more developed.Then we have the plot. It is the usual America is great and Germany iscrap. The Germans as usual are depicted as soulless murderers. They areuseless and miss every shot and get moved down by the 100s by 3 guys,sounds familiar? the chest plate on wonder woman even has the Americaneagle on it... The plot is also full of holes. I can honestly say thati was more lost during the movie then my lectures about Fourieranalysis. There was so many whys going through my head that i couldeasily write down 50; why was the whole fleet after one spy?, why didthe Germans stop assaulting the beach?, why did the Germans have thearmy uniform and not the navy uniform?, why isn't the island full ofshipwrecks?, why haven't anyone seen a human before on the island? etc.you get the idea and this is only one scene in the movie!Wonder women herself is overpowered. Makes you wonder why she needsanyone helping her? She is a demigod for crying out loud! Her powersare ridiculous and she is practically unkillable. Whats the fun inthat? even superman has an Achilles heel... Her only weakness is beingutterly gullible.