~~~spoilers in tilde~~~The following is a (paraphrased) conversation between a supporting andmain character in the middle of final battle scene. Mind you, there isabsolutely no lead-up to the revelation that follows. "We need to stopthe bombing plane!" "Let's blow it up!" "We can't. It'll kill everyoneif it's on the ground" "I'll fly it far away from everyone then!" "Okaybut the bomb is on a timer"At this point, some words manifested themselves in my brain. Words like"forced drama" and "asspull". I turned my palm upright andapathetically stated, "Seriously?". My head turned to the moviegoers around me, expecting groans or eyesrolling, but saw naught but zombie-like blank stares. I gave them thebenefit of the doubt and assumed they turned off their brains inattempt to salvage as much enjoyment as possible out of the $11.50 andtwo hours of their life they had lost. But alas coming here and seeingmostly rave reviews and ratings have proved my faith in humanity to bemisplaced.---Wonder Woman 2017 is (or is supposed to be) a story of a naive butstrong woman who discovers that humanity is not as black-and-white as acomic book is. She must journey to understand this trope and learn touse her strength to bring out the best in people. The movie begins withthe titular character in her "naive" phase in a village isolated from aworld in conflict. About 15 minutes into this and the movie has already betrayed its ownnarrative. To begin, there is no sense of ease. Not a single joke, nota playful moment, nothing. It's all character conflict, hints of futureconflict, or expository world building (tell-don't-show instead ofshow- don't-tell). This is NOT how you convey naivety. The potentialfor character development is ruined within these first 15 minutes. In phase 2, the violence of the outside world stumbles upon paradise.Except it's not a paradise because we've only ever seen people arguingwith each other. What could have been an exciting "awakening" momentinstead falls flat. Enter male MC. Almost immediately he steals the title with someinnocent and light-hearted moments. The beginning looks even worse incomparison because now he's the naive one. What follows are poorattempts at chemistry between the innocent-but-not-really-innocentWonder Woman (gadot) and the true star of the show (Pine). Skipping ahead a lot, a ragtag team of misfits is formed who generallydon't get enough screen-time to develop or be explored. One is a guywho sees ghosts and this point is never mentioned again. In the middleis the only scene with any emotional weight where gadot charges anenemy trench ending years of stalemate. As expected of the horriblescript however, the moment overstays its welcome. It moves right intoan attack on a town without any pause to punctuate the significance ofthe scene. Skipping ahead again, there's more bad pacing and scenes withoutemotional impact. The ending is particularly terrible. ~~~The "big bad"who had been hyped throughout some scattered scenes is defeatedeffortlessly. As referenced in the beginning, Pine is the person whosacrifices himself in the end for the sake of a dumb plot-point.Naturally, you can't have a character better than the titular charactersurviving the franchise.~~~ A random supporting character is introducedas the true villain and some CGI magic occurs instead of some visceralman vs woman combat.Overall, almost everything was bad.The plot was terrible: twists or conflicts happen with little-to-nobuildup.The directing was terrible: scenes are poorly timed and paced.Gadot is terrible. Of the few negative reviews here, most criticize herhorrible uninspired performance, which is true, but then again howcould anyone perform such a bad character? Pine is actually interesting~~~but is killed unremarkably because he is too interesting. I wonderif the writers realized this. Why didn't they fix it if they did? ~~~.The action was bad: while I don't really mind obvious CG anymore, therewas a complete absence of visceral "human" fights that DC have had inthe past, like when Bane is savagely brutalizing Batman with his fistsand there's no orchestral accompaniment or CGI to be found. Maybe itwould have looked weird with a lanky gadot beating down or getting beatby a villain. Then again you could have just got rid of her and gottena better woman. In fact just get rid of everyone except Pine whileyou're at it.Final rating: 3/10*Note: I felt compelled to rate as a 1/10 to offset the fake reviews(by shills perhaps? Or maybe Idiocracy is becoming a documentary).