TL;DR: The movie is a mess: Safe but unoriginal, thin and confusingplot. Zero character development, leading to disappointingperformances. Ridiculously bad CGI. Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash,Aquaman, Cyborg, and Superman. The most iconic super heroes in comicbook and pop culture history. Should be easy to make a cool andcompelling movie about them right? Eh, maybe not. Lets start with thePros: - Ezra Miller as the Flash is entertaining at points. His comicrelief at points felt forced, but some of the jokes landed. - ComicBook references; for a DC comics fan, there are cool referencesthroughout the movie that were cool to connect to the comics and mademe smile a little bit. Moving on to the neutral points: - The plot wasextremely safe; however, it is also ridiculously rushed. One could saythis is expected because 3 of the main characters (Flash, Cyborg, andAquaman) are appearing for the first time. The plot also isridiculously unoriginal: Aliens are looking for artifacts. Once theyfind artifacts, the world will be destroyed. Team must assemble andstop them before it's too late. One could argue that this is expectedtoo; look at the Avengers, they did that also. But the thing that theAvengers did that DC fails tremendously at is setting up each characterwith a backstory so the audience can feel and care about eachcharacter's motivations (except Hawkeye). The only character that isgiven a little bit of an emotional backstory here is the Flash, and ifyou have watched the TV series you know what backstory I'm talkingabout. In summary, the plot was incredibly unoriginal, rushed, andpredictable to the very end. - Ben Affleck as Batman: Affleck fails toimpress as he did in Batman v Superman; however it isn't his fault. Hedoes the best with what he is given here, even delivering some funnyone-liners. However, if anyone know Batman at all, the characterwritten in this story is a complete 180 from both Batman v Superman andthe Batman of the comics. Gone is the dark from the Dark Knight,replaced by a Batman so light, there were flashes of the post Keaton,pre Bale Batman portrayals. The fact that Danny Elfman's score alsobrought these memories back did not help. - Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman:Gadot suffers from the same problem as Affleck: her character iswritten extremely poorly. Similar to Captain America, she is a warriorfrom a time long gone, a time that was simpler and more heroic.Therefore, Wonder Woman should be going through the same effects thatCaptain America did in the Avengers: bashing with other characters whodon't exemplify heroism while portraying the ideal heroic nature thatshe was raised with. However, her character gets demoted to sexyheroine; every shot that introduces her starts from her behind and endsat here chest area. Gadot does the best with what she's given though,and is just fine in her role as co-leader to the squad. - DannyElfman's score: Heroic at best and fine at worst, this score is noZimmer's Man of Steel or Wonder Woman themes. Every track here isnearly forgettable, only saved by Elfman's callbacks to his familiarBatman theme, original Superman theme, and the Wonder Woman theme.Lastly the negatives: - CGI: With a rumored 300 million dollar budget,one can only wonder how in the world can a studio mess up somethingthat is more than 90% of the movie? Starting with the very first scenewhich is (spoiler) a video recording of Superman. As most know, Cavillwas unwilling to shave his mustache because he was filming MI6 at thesame time, so the studio had to digitally remove it. The end result issomething that looked like Marlon Brando in the Godfather. Immediatelybringing laughs, this scene is just a precedent for the rest of thefilm's horrific CGI. The villain looks like a college student digitallycreated him for an extra credit project, with clunky movement and notfitting in with the background at all. Cyborg is an unfortunatecasualty of this as well because for the whole movie his CGI justdistracts from Fisher's performance and dialogue (more on that later).Nearly every shot during battle scenes and on Themyscira look like theywere animated for a commercial. - Momoa and Fisher as Aquaman andCyborg: Similar to Batman and Wonder Woman, it looks like thesecharacters were written with little to zero personality. However,unlike Gadot and Affleck, Momoa and Fisher are barely there, deliveringtheir lines like they are reading them for the first time. Theircharacters just feel like ex machinas at points. Momoa tries a littleto just be himself, which can be seen as a good thing, but doesn't fitthe tone of the movie at all. - Jumping around from location tolocation: When Star Wars Rogue One came out, people complained that thefirst half hour was dizzying due to the jumps from planet to planet. Inthis movie, it's not planet to planet, but from city to plane to cityto island to ocean to city to flashback, without any warning orlocation status to even prepare the audience of the scene. -Editing/Reshoots: Building on the last point, the movie itself feelsoff. One can definitely tell the different tones from Snyder and Whedonimmediately. (Spoiler) For example, Aquaman is introduced twice, and itis extremely obvious which one was the reshoot compared to Snyder'sversion. It's like there were two versions of the movie, and theycouldn't decide which version to release so they just grabbed and mixedscenes from both versions. The final battle as well is immediatelyguilty of this. - Handling of Superman: Superman was gonna come back,only a child would be surprised by this. However, this movie retconsBatman v Superman in a way that makes no sense.