JUSTICE LEAGUE REVIEW : It was one of the Most Awaited flick for meduring pre release period but later Critics reviews declared it anAverage to Below Average film and i lost all that year built excitementin minutes. Let me say it straight, i'm not reviewing a Great film, i'mtalking about Average film so if you see any soft corner about anyfield then that means Average one not even Good.Justice League starts very slowly, looks like a bore flick for first35-40 minutes and then picks up smartly. Later it continues the flowbut after every explosive and entertaining scene there're 1 or 2minutes loo breaks followed. Don't know why it happens, why film getsslow for few moments when screenplay was in top form? Then enoughexplosion at the end and later one surprising factor after end creditssaves this Average flick to look an Above Average stuff. We've seenBatman, Wonder Woman and Superman in prequel and i'm glad to welcome 3new guys in the team, Aquaman is Good, Flash is too good, Cyborg isdecent. Some musical scenes feels irritating. Runtime is shorter than 2hours and thanks to the editor for that but how could he trim thatSuperman's re-entry scene from Trailer (Alfraid says, Let's Hope you'renot too late) ? Superman's Returning is slightly curved towardsemotional bonding but it doesn't work at all. Villain is powerful but afairy tale and retro look doesn't impress much. Visual Effects areBrilliant, could have been better for 3D viewing. Direction is messy,Snyder either needs to improve or needs to be removed from DCEU. We'rewaiting for One Good film from him and we're still waiting. Thanks toJenskine for that one good film Wonder Woman otherwise Snyder hasalmost finished DCEU. Why he always go for a Dark film, why can't hejust go for some fun and light moments like Marvel? Overall, Justice League is an Above Average film, obviously not thatbad as critics said. Chuck the critics and go for it, those who likedBvS will surely like this and those who did not like BvS will also findit an Average One Time Watch. Enough Explosion and action in middle andat the End makes this one to worth your ticket Purchase. Talking aboutBox Office this one should do decent business in the range of previous2 DCEU films or might even struggle to reach there while $1 Billionclub is out of reach. I'm going with 6/10* and hoping for better asequel which will have a League of Villains (This might be a spoiler).