When i walked into this movie, i didn't expect anything but puredisaster. The trailers are not great. i think it's just getting myexpectations lower and lower, and even if i ignore the trailers andall, this movie is not really set up for a good start. the Kickstarterof the movie, Batman V Superman: Dawn of justice, is very dull andboring as well as very confusing. but i must say this movie isn't asbad as what it should be- but that isn't saying muchIt had many, MANY problems. one of them, as of course everyone expectedit to be- the pacing. this film is very annoyingly confusing pacing. attimes it felt super rushed then at times it became so slow. i didn'treally felt surprised seeing this because literally, they're trying tomake you care and felt sympathy about some characters that you didn'treally know, except some characters that are already made appearanceson the other movies ( which was not really developed well either) or ifyou read the comics (of course, not everybody read the comics). and theresult is very dull. this is a very obvious problem because how greedythe studio is to make as much many as fast as possible. the second problem i have for this movie is the characters and thequote-unquote humor. as i said before, I really felt nothing about thecharacters even after all the stuff they shoved right into your faceand basically begging for the audience to care. and the worst part isthat they are such blank slates with so-called humor. i don't have aproblem with humor, but the humor in this movie is so forced it becamecringe-worthy . i get how people complain how dark bvs is and i guessthey want to try something new but don't do it in such a way that itruins your characters. seriously it felt as if the characters arebasically just waiting turns to say a 'tee-hee' punchline, evencharacters like BATMAN they ruined one of my most favorite character byhow they portrayed batman so suddenly changed in this movie for thesake of 'humor' and lighter mood of the movie. it's very insulting howthey turn batman from the dark, serious, brooding, even sometimesviolent and doesn't care for anything but his only version of justice,and even try to justify the character once in a while by practicallysaying some lines that kind of remind us how he's supposed to be. now,the main characters and acting - Jason momoa as aquaman is entertainingto watch but underused. in the beginning, there are some cool scenesfeaturing him then he's just lost afterwards. ray fisher as cyborg isvery boring and his conflict is boring. gal gadot as wonder woman isnot as strong as what i expect her to be. she was pretty good in wonderwoman but in this movie she's back to her bvs style of acting- boringand bland. Ben affleck as batman other than my earlier complaints isalso very underused. he barely even have a decent scene, and it clearlyshows how much Ben affleck doesn't want to be there . Henry cavill assuperman is practically being as what he's always been in the previousmovies but this time he cracks a joke or two and being some kind oflast help plot device. Ezra miller as the flash is probably the mostdecent and the only one who is kind of funny. even though his onlycharacter is just being funny. the characters literally doesn't have any chemistry. the scenes wherethey supposedly bond is so flat and have no emotion whatsoever. fourth, the cgi and visuals, this movie has so many cgi that it doesn'tfelt real. and i guess people could say well it's a comic book movie ofcourse it doesn't felt real. sure, but the cgi here is not only manyand constant, it's also bad. even worst than wonder woman which bafflesme since it probably the only thing they could have make better. fifth, the plot. it has so many plot holes, unanswered question,conflict too quickly resolved, predictable moments, obvious plotdevices, and so on. i still have many issues with this film, but it's all that i have tosay until now. i have some good things to say, though. i mean iappreciate how they reduce some unimportant boring things that they didwith bvs. like lois lane and martha kent. they're decently put into themovie, as they supposed to be since they are just supporting charactersto superman.