First of all, forget the dark tone of MoS and BvS, new Zack Snydermovie Justice League it is a comedy! And I think this could be one ofproblems of this movie. SO here is 3 main problems. PLS beware ofspoilers below!!Lets start with obvious problem which we saw in BvS and Suicide Squad ?montage and editing. Warner seems like didn't learn they bad lesson atall. JL is a great example of terrible editing. All 2 Hours of movieyou see different scenes hard cut one-by-one . Such switching betweenlocations, Time and characters, may look like you was napping for fewminutes and then suddenly wake up in the middle of some action scene.Time on screen for such characters like: Comm. Gordon, Mera, MarthaKent, Alfred - overall takes 5-6 minutes of screen time. Together! Somescenes which you was able to see and enjoy in Trailers are cutted.Well, probably fifth part of all scenes in all trailers - are NOT inthe movie! SO, editing I think is the main and the biggest minus. Second, it the tone and genre. By looking on colors you see that studioalready leave gray tones like were in first movies, now we see morewarm colors like it was in WW Themiscira world. That definitelypositive moment. But changing genre by 180 degrees, from dark drama tocolorful comedy, even for good purposes, it is completely stupiddecision by Warner and DC. Some of action\fight scenes looks completelynot dynamic. They are boring and you don't empathize to protagonist.Remember Bat fight in warehouse in BvS? You won't see this in again.Instead of this, we saw in opening scene, battle choreography like inBatman 1989, Michael Keaton level. I know that Danny Elfman was happyto bring 1989 Bat-theme to this movie, but create movie in 2017 andmakes it style like it was from earlier 90-s, that is damn shame. Third, characters and their chemistry. Main Antagonist. Forget aboutSteppenwolf from trailers and his lines "no protectors here .bla blabla this world will fall..bla bla bla" and etc. and - Nope. Our guyspoke simple and annoying things so often that maybe this is mainreason why JL need to stop him. The colors used for Stepenwolf -cold-gray pallet. Which is, I think, too insensibly for such character.Superman. Yes he is in the League. Yes he was returned from the dead. Iwill left details of this process. But the emotion that we saw on Clarkface after his 'returning', and emotions after a day in hugs with Lois,changed his view on things. From brutal and cold Bizzaro to 'Your bestfriend neighbor Superman, from Kansas' only few hours in corn fieldwith Lois and Mom, and you are ready for saving world and jokingtogether with your new teammates.Details, Mistakes, Mismatches all of this could by only 2 reason. On myopinion those were caused by: changing director + reshooting and hardcut. Just few quick examples. SPOILER below!! After Clark has beenreturned to his memory and mood, he flight to help his new friend. Wesaw him in in new suit where this suit come from? Who made it? Wedoesn't have answer. Another, very personal mistake. On first scenessomewhere close to abandoned nuclear plant, we saw old building withletters on the top ? ????, - which translates as HOTEL ? from Russian.In the scenes of final battle we see, another (or even the samebuilding) with letters ?????? ? which also means HOTEL ? but fromUkrainian. Yes maybe for many of you it is just small details, butbelieve me for Slavic people, in modern world, this is huge error. Andit is based on disrespect from movie makers who just don't gives a sh*ton such things. I want to believe that this is Joss Whedon feature. Healways put into his movies some empty civilian personages who aresuffer during battles. And from Avengers time he didn't learn nothingabout alphabets of other countries.Positive moment(s). Chemistry of the Heroes. Relationships betweenDiana and Bruce, Victor and Barry,Arthur and all others members, it isgreat examples of how teams should look like. The Flash and Aquman aremain positive moments and only because of them rating are higher than 5stars. As a conclusion, my verdict 6.5\10. I really want to believethat we will see Ultimate version, and this will bring rating growth.But for now ? I can stop expecting any positive moments from DC andWarner. They must to sit down, calm down, clear their minds and heardand find a final decision, what are they want to see more. Only moneyfrom fiction movies or movies with ideas and souls.