With the entire slate of DC Films universe depending on this movie'ssuccess, the studio just couldn't afford another Suicide Squad or BvS.Fortunately, Justice League proved to be just what the studio needed;two hours of jam-packed fun, action and entertainment! Until now, the response to DC Films universe has been mixed, to say theleast. With many believing Wonder Woman to be a one-hit-wonder, no oneactually expected DC to recapture that magic. And you wouldn't be wrongto not have faith in DC; from extensive reshoots to the executiveshake-up and replacing the director mid-production, WB has given usevery reason to root against them.I too, expected the worst, a repeat of BvS. Past DC movies(exceptWonder Woman), have been pretty dark, uneven and incoherent. Buteveryone can breathe a sigh of relief now because thankfully, JusticeLeague has a much leaner story and a lighter tone. This movie isn'tjust for the die-hard DC fans. From kids to families, everyone's gonnahave a blast watching this in the cinemas. And now that I think of it,Justice League just might be the most efficient franchise-saving,course-correcting sequel, of all time.I know this is gonna be one of the first few reviews on here so I'mgonna be super-careful not to spoil anything but, let me just say thatno trailer or TV spot can prepare you for this movie. Be ready to haveyour mind blown. There are a lot of surprises in the movie andthankfully, DC kept them all secret this time around. Also, good moveon DC's end to not release a 100 different TV spots this time(notjoking, studios do this). I'd say about 80% of the movie was kept outof the promos.Can't help but praise Zack Snyder's and Joss Whedon's work on thismovie. Those guys did a fantastic job. And let me assure you, you can'ttell which scene was shot by which director. There's the same tonethroughout the movie. But with that being said, if you're familiar withZack's usage of subtle humor and his shooting style, you'll feel hispresence in 80-85% of the movie. In short, it's Zack's movie. Period.Also, quick shout-out to DC Films pres. Geoff Johns for bringing backhope and optimism to the DC movies.Talking about the cast, really strong performances all around. Thebanter and interactions between all the characters, specially theLeague, is just amazing. The way the story develops and evolves eachcharacter is really mesmerizing and by the end of the movie, you'll becounting days till Justice League 2. Believe me when I say this, thecast is the backbone of this movie. And Although everyone was perfect,expect Jason Momoa(Aquaman), Ezra Miller(Flash) and one 'boy scout' tosteal the show.As with any movie, Justice League has a few weak sides too. First andforemost, the villain is your run-of-the-mill destroy-the-planet kindof guy. And sadly, that kind of diminishes any stakes in the story andkills the suspense and tension. Secondly, the movie had to fiteverything into two hours(as mandated by the CEO of WB. Thanks a lot,dude!), so the rapid-fire pace of the movie can make parts of the movieseem uneven and too fast.The movie's score was pretty underwhelming(sorry, Danny Elfman), whichis a first for DC. I understand you don't bring in a guy like Danny tojust remix and re-use Hans Zimmer's music but doing away with all ofHans' great music felt like an insult. Don't get me wrong, it was coolto hear the old Batman and Superman themes again but all his new stuffwas pretty generic.And last but not the least, for a $300 million movie, the CGI seemedpretty bad. Especially towards the final battle, the whole thing hadway too much CGI for my liking. Really wish they had gone for simplerdesigns and more practical effects.All in all, DC's Justice League is one heck of a fun and entertainingride that finds a fine balance between all its characters all the whileavoiding the team-up movie cliché of "people who don't get along forcedto work together to save the world".Bottom-line: In what might be the most important year (and movie) inDC's history, the studio didn't just deliver, it left the audiencewanting more. This movie is a triumph, it's an accomplishment, it's thegoddamn Justice League!