I had no expectations for this film , but I was still disappointed.The Story: Amanda Waller, who works for the government, compiles the"Task Force X" aka the Suicide Squad, to fight against supernaturalenemies like a new evil Superman. the most important members of thesquad get a little scene, which introduces them. One of them isEnchantress, a half woman-half witch. She is in love with the leader ofthe Suicide Squad Rick Flag. On a mission Enchantress escapes andrevives her ancient brother, to destroy the whole world together. Nowthe Suicide Squad has to stop them. Beside this main story the Jokerwants to get his girlfriend Harley Quinn, who is a member of the TaskForce X.The Characters: Rick Flag is a stereotype Soldier, who just excists toinclude a lame lovestory in the film. Boring character Amanda Waller isridiculous, she seems to be a really evil woman, but is just a pseud.Harley Quinn is created to be funny and cool and awesome, and she isnone of it. She is just super annoying. Expected for from the trailers.Deadshot is the main character i guess, and he is definitely thecoolest and best character in this movie. He has some funny and nicescenes. But even Will Smith cant save the ridiculous story.The Joker is not actually bad. Jared Leto is an amazing actor and theJoker has an interesting personality, but he got way too little screentime.Enchantress is the worst and most ridiculous character I've seen in mylife, when she whispers: "Enchantress" she turns into a witch and thisis so hard to watch , it is just bad.Captain Boomerang: I don't like Jai Courtney, but this role was OK...Yes the character is absolutely useless, but he was not annoying likeall the other ones except Deadshot.El Diablo was OK until he transformed into the firedevil ... orwhatever that was. Also he got a background story everyone saw1000-times Killercroc was OK but useless I don't want to mention Katanabecause shes just ... wtf My opinion: The film wants to be epic, funny,awesome and cool, but he isn't all this at all. The story is so boringand bad. Im tired of seeing villains create a flickering,lightningthrowing, giant "EverythingDestroyingAndKillingMachine".The first Trailer was so cool, the second was eehh, and the film isjust a whole mess. I will never watch it again.