The updated effects helped to keep me awake through the movie, but theyweren't enough to make it scary, because the effects were only used forjump scares. The only part that was remotely scary was the scenes withthe crazy mom of one of the kids and the scenes with another kid'screepy dad.The clown demon wasn't that scary. The closest it came to being scarywas the scene from the trailer where it pops out of the projectorscreen ala Ringu. It was slightly scary because it made it clear thatthe demon knew who the kids were, where they were, and what they weredoing.I strongly advise against seeing this movie because nearly everythingin it is sooooooooo stupid! The town has been plagued by a murderingdemon and also huge catasrophes that nearly wipe out the town and areprobably also caused by the demon for hundreds of years and yet thereis still a town. No one left??The town doesn't seem to care that there are gangs of psychotic kidsroving around constantly butchering other people! There are rapeshappening in the street in broad daylight and there is no reaction fromanyone and somehow there is still a town. Just over the course of themovie, tons of people are killed or at least go missing and there is noreaction from the town other than a couple of missing posters. Thepolice never become involved and there's no FBI presence!There are also no consequences for the main kids either. The kidsexecute a fellow kid and leave his body in the sewer and the girlbludgeoned her dad to death and yet it is never even mentioned againand she just goes to live with her aunt. WTF?Even after the demon is defeated and the kids rescue the people who hadbeen taken, they only try to revive the main girl and they don't tellanyone in the town about it so presumably there's no investigation andthe hundreds of bodies are just left in the sewer to rot... Just to give you an idea of how horribly pathetic this movie is, theboys "wake" the girl by giving her a steamy kiss...The movie is also inconsistent with it's portrayal of the demon! Onseveral occasions, the movie unequivocally states that it lives offpeople's fear, but then why does it kill and eat people? Also if itjust needs fear, then wouldn't killing it's victims be counterproductive? On the other hand, if it needs physical sustenance, thenwhat's the point of the whole fear thing? Why wouldn't it just snatchprey and eat it like a beast? Also why does it look like a clown andwhy do it's victims float? This is treated like a huge issue as it isreferenced throughout the film and yet neither point is ever explained!Rather the kids say that it seems to show each person the thing thatthat person fears the most and yet despite that exposition it stillappears as a clown to each of the kids!