Adapted from Stephen King's best selling novel, 'IT' is ahorror/thriller film that will keep you on the edge of your seatthroughout. An evil, paranormal creature that preys on children in the guise of aclown, affectionately named 'Pennywise the Dancing Clown', has risenfrom the sewers after 27 years to feed on the fear of the innocent. Itis up to Bill Denbrough (Jaeden Lieberher) and his friends to hunt downthe creature and avenge the death of his younger brother.Personally, I am not a big horror fan, probably due to the onslaught ofawful films (i.e. the Paranormal Activity series) to hit the big, andlittle, screens in recent years. However, I can confidently say IT hasput my faith back into the genre. It is very thoughtful to the originalKing book, following the same story, except in a highly condensed form(which can be problematic in some areas). All the younger actors are brilliant, portraying a really believable'buddy' dynamic throughout; reminiscent (ironically) of The Goonies andthe other classic flicks of that era. Jaeden Lieberher's character'Bill' and Sophia Lillis' character 'Beverly' stood out the most, in myopinion, with their different connections to the creature representinghow IT fed off the vulnerable and innocent.Bill Skarsgård's portrayal of Pennywise was truly outstanding. Hemaintained the continuity of his characterisation throughout, withouttrying to rip-off Tim Curry's infamous interpretation. I likeSkarsgård's portrayal, which is extremely creepy and bipolar. Iwouldn't say it is inherently scary, however if you consider thecontext of who Pennywise is and who he is preying on, it does send achill down your spine.A few reviewers were complaining about how the story had been movedfrom the 50s (as in the original novel) to the 80s. I personally thinkthe move was great. They could have very easily transported the storyline into 2017 and filled it with forced 'current' references. However,they chose to update the story (a bit) by making it more relevant toits adult audience, who probably grew up in the 80s. Remember, thestory is trying to represent how innocent and vulnerable children are,since they are the only ones who can be tortured by Pennywise.Like mentioned above, the compressed nature of the story can prove tobe problematic at times, with some characters receiving little screentime or limited characterisation, such as 'Mike'. The addition of HenryBowers and his gang also did seem pointless at times. However, it isclear that King and the screenplay writers wanted to juxtapose thevulnerabilities of (so called) 'harmless' high school bullying with theevil, child preying clown. Overall, if you are looking for an entertaining horror film that has animmersive and menacing story line, give IT a watch.