A solid 6I was so looking forward to this movie. We have waited a long time forit (27yrs) I wanted not to be disappointed but....it was all just veryaverage.Before I continue I want to make it clear the love I have for theoriginal TV mini series. It was on repeat in my house as a child and Ifeel nothing but nostalgia (and fear) when I think of it or watch it.So to see this new version miss out on some of the vitals that made theoriginal so special was disappointing.Things I didn't like. The kids were not innocent or naive enough. Theoriginal story took place in 1960 when of course it was a more innocenttime. This was lost in this new film as it was set in 1989. Theconstant babbling between the boys was really annoying and pointless tothe story. When the kids were all experiencing their individualencounters with Pennywise there was zero structure with no purpose orhistory to their encounter. The kids were flakey, they didn't have thestrong individual personalities needed to make them distinguishable.The second part to the mini series heavily relied on us caring aboutthe kids in the first half then continuing their stories as adults andhow their lives had panned out since leaving Derry. In the 2017 remakethe only ones I cared about was Bill, Beverly and Ben the others justblurred into one character. Too much cgi!! Poor and not scary! Mostdisappointing was the cgi encounters that were not Pennywise e.g. thelady in the painting, the headless man in the library and the zombiecreature outside the derelict house. Why even bother it was done sobadly. I also never really got the feeling from this film of how wrongand bad things are in Derry I felt this was skirted over a little. Andlast but not least a lot of the scenes with Pennywise I couldn't helpbut notice his contacts (eyes) or whatever they used for his eyes werein wrong so took away from the experience of fear as I was too busywondering what was wrong with his eyes! And no mention of dead lightsanywhere :(Things I did like. Most of the scenes with Pennywise packed a punch andwere frightening. I liked how they linked the famous phrase 'they allfloat down here' to a visual in the end scenes. I liked the creepychemist character and Mr Marsh, to me they represented Derry and allthat was wrong with it. Bill, Ben and Beverly all great and welldeveloped characters. Good humour throughout and it was used at correcttimes in film.Bad out ways the good unfortunately but I do think this film has donewell in continuing the clown fear legacy!