After the death of Superman, the world has become more aware, forbetter or worse, of the existence of metahumans and their potentialthreat to society. In case another powerful being shows up that doesn'texactly stands by Superman's moral code, the U.S. government wants tobe prepared. This is why Officer Amanda Waller teams up a bunch of thebest/worse criminals and forces them into a special ops mission inorder to protect the world from evils even greater than themselves. CanAmanda trust the city's safety into a team of dangerous delinquents orwill they try to turn against the government and run for their freedom?Suicide Squad is the 3rd movie in the current DCEU, directed by DavidAyer and his vision of what an anti-hero DC movie looks like. As acasual superhero fan, I don't have much background knowledge on theSquad. So this movie overtime became an opportunity to learn more aboutthe more the more obscure DC characters that the mainstream audiencemay ignore. When the movie was initially announced, it seemed to beanother dark and gritty entry in the DC movie series, but sometimeafter the BvS backlash and the success of Deadpool there was word thatsome scenes were re-shot to make the movie "more fun". Whatever thatmeans. Now I didn't want to make much of it at the time, but then themarketing for this movie shifted into what I like to call "unicornpuke" level of color and imagery. I had concerns about it as it seemedthat they were forcing to make this movie seem 'funner' than itactually was. How did that turn out?Let's begin with the good stuff. I absolutely loved the characters,specially Amanda, The Joker, Harley Quinn in all her annoying punchline glory, Will Sm.. I mean Deadshot, Enchantress, El Diablo? I dothink this movie's characters are very appealing and the cast certainlyplayed their roles respectfully. I would love to see more of them inthe future. Also the idea of an anti-hero team fighting a greater evilis pretty cool because that makes their motivations a lot moresensitive rather than just "doing what's right". The beginning scenesand the final battle were pretty exciting and loved every second ofthose. The cameos from the Justice League members were glorious. Iadmit I felt a sense of comfort and hype whenever Batffleck showed upin the movie. It really made this movie feel like a bridge to evengreater things from the DC camp. I am from the crowd that does love the epicness Zack Snyder has broughtto DC, so even though this movie was probably never meant to be asambitious, I still had high standards for it. So that being said, therewere things about it that certainly felt rough. Around the middle ofthe film particularly the pace is extremely slow, and I blame this onthe fact that they started having deep conversations about thecharacters yet they spent very little time letting us get familiarenough with these characters. Their origin stories were literallyreduced to a montage of 1 minute snippets each. It would have stillbeen nice to have some extra context to them so we could relate morewhen the middle drama happened. Also, this made the movie feel like a 1hour long "walk towards the building" scene were the only threat wereputty-patrol looking baddies. The icing to the raw cake was that the"forced fun" was very blatant with the random mainstream songs shovedinto the scenes and the non-funny cliché one-liners thrown almost everyminute.Suicide Squad is a decent entry in the DCEU that while not my favorite,I still found enjoyable enough to celebrate and talk about. It doesindeed help expand the lore of the DCEU and makes a better case for theJustice League than BvS did. Now after this movie we know how farsociety would go to embrace both the best side and the worse side ofthe metahumans war. It is a nice diversion until we get the upcomingmore epic entries in this film series.