So I went and saw IT, and came back unimpressed. I mean it was a goodmovie, no doubt about that. A bunch of kids, outcasts in their ownright, being terrorized by an ancient demon that plays upon the fearsof its victims is pretty much the standard in Hollywood horror movieterritory. All the kids are well cast, the script is funny and tight,and there are plenty of monster shots. The cinematography is great, thepace is even and the CGI is flawless. But is more funny thanterrifying- it's R rating more a justification of teenage slang in thescript, rather than for true scares. But that is what typically Stephen King is all about. His stories arestudies on relationships rather than all out horror. In IT, Kingreversed Spielberg's E.T, and explored everyday monsters of childhood-abuse, violence and neglect. Juxtapose that with an eternal evilshape-shifting entity who wakes up every 27 years to prey, and you havea shawarma of a plot. The book is scary, the movie isn't. Probably sobecause today, we are used to Stranger Things. We are used to kids doing stupendous stuff these days- whether runningbillion dollar companies, or bringing back lost souls from otherdimensions. It all seems very easy for today's generation to figurethings out- most of IT establishes this narrative. A wonderful group ofactors face off against Bill Skarsgard's Pennywise the Dancing Clown,and they all nail their parts. The movie takes place in a town whereall the adults are essentially villains- so its not just the kidsversus the clowns everyone else. But for sheer impact, IT never reachesthe highs it achieves in its first sequence. It is a great example of how strong marketing can make mediocre movieslook a billion bucks. Other reviewers are putting IT right up therewith other Stephen King adaptions such as The Shining and The Thing. Ohplease, that would be laying it too thick. Director Andy Muschietti'searlier take on the genre- Mama, is a far better contender.No good horror movie can get away by being light on scares, howevergood the characters and the script are. So look at IT as an extensionof Goonies or Stranger Things, a PG-13 romp, not an iconic horrormovie. 7/10