Clowns look pretty freaky, right? I remember feeling quite unnerved bythem in my younger days, yet as I got older, clowns intimidated meless. To be frank, clowns land more along the lines of "creepy" ratherthan scary, unlike real unmasked people who could hurt you.It's familiar opening scene captures that true scariness: anunsupervised small boy takes a paper boat out on a rainy day, whichfalls down the sewer drain. A clown peers his head up from below thedarkness, his appearance throwing the boy off guard. He displaysunusual kindness to the boy, returning to him the lost paper boat. Thensuddenly, the predator chews the boy's arm off, and a God's eye viewlooks down on his poor defenseless body flowing into the drain, a trulydisturbing sight in this otherwise misguided adaptation of StephenKing's classic novel.Now, I understand the movie's current rave, as It now stands at 90% onRottenTomatoes, and YouTube celebrity Chris Stuckmann gave It an A-,but I for one differ from the public opinion.Although the critical praise does speak some truth; each preteen wemeet goes through change in some way. The sewer-bound kid's stutteringbrother, Bill, is shunned by everybody, and his friends each face theirpersonal growing pains too. Eddie is forced against his will to keeptaking meds, Richie resents whatever his friends tell him to do, andStanley refuses to pursue his family's Jewish beliefs. Other friendsthey make include a Black farmer boy, Mike, who must kill sheep for hisheartless father, Ben, an overweight new kid who needs friends outsideof the books, and Beverly, a gorgeous flame-haired drug addict. Herfather creates by far the creepiest moments, as he sniffs her hair likesome sex offender. The horror should stem from places like here, thecommon fears every teenager shares.Instead, the inexperienced director, Andy Muschietti, abused Dutchangles and motion sickness while filming the "scary" moments. Hefollowed the common misconception that low lighting adds to the fright,which in actuality hurt the thrill here since you now cannot tell whatis supposed to scare you. Think about some of the most iconic shots inhorror: The shower scene in Psycho, the twins in The Shining, JackNicholson in the same movie shouting "Here's Johnny!", or even in theoriginal It when Pennywise pops out from beneath the pale-tintedshower. Notice a theme? These images are each evenly lit, anythinghidden in the shadows contrasting against something else to fear. Trulyeffective horror fills in the unknown blanks based on what you thinkyou already see. Maybe if Muschietti utilized real fears, such as acommunity's religious state, other than clichés, and knew how to stagethem, then these scares could leave a longer impression to the extentof The Exorcist.The scares particularly fail more due to the atrocious casting of thechild actors. Whenever the kids were supposed to act afraid, they juststared blankly and walked stiltly. Even outside the scary scenes, thekids either talked too fast or too slow while screaming their lineswhen supposed to act angry. Based on speculation, these annoying kidsobviously achieved their chemistry by following tape marks and cuecards with the direction, "Just say your lines and go home." Thesekids' stories also lack any structural balance. The brother-to- brotherbond initiated right at the start gets forgotten across a largeportion, especially at the very last scene; and Stanley's Jewishstruggles loses any footing with little to do compared to the strongertreatment of his friends. As for the bullies, their interestingbackstories receive an undeservingly low amount of screen time, insteadexisting more for lazy predictable scenarios we've seen countlesstimes.Very little fear strikes your nerve in these moments, as you can neverempathize with these kids' foul-mouthed tendencies. Rather than showingthe hard reality of growing up, the kids celebrate their hatred againstthe oppressors. It even attempts to beautify the one female preteen,Beverly, as much as possible, as she jumps into a lake wearing only herunderwear, then lets her new boyfriends gawk at her body as she naps intheir eyesight. Then in another dialogue played only for laughs, apharmacist, who she says looks like Clark Kent, comments her back,saying she looks like Lois Lane! Honestly, the whole beautification ofher character made me feel pedophilic myself.I read several reports that the clowning industry has suffered becauseof It, promoting coulrophobia, I find this hard to believe. It does notfeed off coulrophobia, but rather anthropophobia, particularlypredatorial parents. No wonder the Alamo Drafthouse theaters in Austinand Brooklyn hosted all-clown screenings, since clearly, we might aswell root for the demonic circus act to win!