I don't get the ratings here. This is a cut and dry poorly made movieand fans of the DC universe deserve better. I don't normally post myreviews here. But I have to share my take on this movie because it justwasn't good. I didn't even have to go into spoilers to show howterrible it is. Movie goers shouldn't mindlessly consume these films.Christopher Nolan set a high bar, but producers and studios need tostep messing with auteurs and maybe we can get a quality DC movie:There is nothing in Suicide Squad that shows any hope that an auteurfilmmaker can do anything distinctive with the current cash cow of theHollywood machine: the super hero movie. What Christopher Nolan oncemade his own has devolved into a predictable pastiche whose charmsshould be wearing thin on audiences. It doesn't help that the movie isalso an example of how bad one of these films can be when it becomeswatered down and designed to refrain from shaking up anything in theso-called DC Universe. Suicide Squad, a PG-13 film, was supposed to beDC's entry to rival Marvel's R-rated Deadpool. Even though Deadpool hadits own problems as a self-aware action movie, it still had focus and abravado that is nowhere to be found in Suicide Squad.Suicide Squad follows a group of villains with super powers releasedfrom prison as part of a government plan to protect the world fromterrorists or whatever sign-of-the-times fear currently plaguingsociety (Zika?). Starring Will Smith as the hit man Deadshot and MargotRobbie as the Joker's manic girlfriend Harley Quinn, alongside severalother less familiar DC baddies, these guys are supposed to be complexpeople who have long fallen from grace and are supposed to rise aboveto find their humanity and gain the audience's sympathy. Butwriter-director David Ayer tries so hard to take a safe route, you cansee the gears trying to manipulate audience emotion, revealing theinherit problems of these comic book adaptations straining to catch upwith decades of printed storytelling.You can't totally blame Ayer, who last gave moviegoers Fury, anincredibly strong and startling war movie featuring a better fleshedout motley crew of characters. The preciousness Hollywood has for itsongoing world building of interconnected comic book films creates suchtight restrictions on storytelling that anything that might upset thatworld has no room to prosper. At one point, toward the end of SuicideSquad, one character asks another, "Shouldn't you be dead?" Of coursenot, this is the DC universe, and it's gotta be milked. That means nomajor players should be written off in one movie.The result of these storytelling restraints is a soulless kind offilmmaking hampered by pussyfooting. It's like a syrupy glaze thatdrowns out any possibility to shine above what has become a predictablepattern of storytelling. Characters dole out uninspired lines that playsuperficially to feelings, like, "Dad, I know you do bad things, but Istill love you." Then there are the clichés, like "fight fire withfire." Sometimes the script inadvertently deflates the tension byspelling things out. Someone over a radio says, "Use extreme caution,"and someone in the action responds, "I don't like this." But in caseyou miss that, someone else says, "I don't like it either." A kidplaying with his action figures can come up with better chatter toestablish tension....