I haven't read the book.I actually paid $22 to see this on IMAX (well, what they're callingIMAX at the Regal anyway), that's how up for it I was. I very, veryrarely pay to see a film in a theater with so many online optionsavailable, but hey, Richard Roeper said it was not only one of the besthorror films ever made but one of the best films of ANY genre evermade. I should have known better. I lost respect for Roeper when hegave Jupiter Ascending an F. Anyway, no, it's not one of the best filmsever made, not even one of the best horror films ever made, and I'lltell you why.Mind you, I haven't read the book.So what we have is Goonies or Stand By Me or more recently StrangerThings (you know, a group of boys, sometimes with one girl thrown in,having an adventure together), except this time around these kidsaren't naive or innocent so to speak. They all have dealt or arecurrently dealing with some horrific trauma. It's a nice plot twistthat IT feeds on their real life fears, but since their real lifeexistence is actually in a way just as or more terrifying than a ghostclown is, it kind of makes the ghost clown less terrifying. All theadults in this film are just sons of bitches, so compared to this ghostclown, who isn't real so to speak and who isn't going to be aroundpermanently, the adults in this film are more horrifying than themonster is. And the bullies, who are but a mere pack of caricatures,are so conscienceless and ruthless that they defy plausibility and onceagain come off as more menacing than even Pennywise.Like I said I saw this in IMAX. I didn't really want to see it in IMAXbut that just happened to be what was playing at the time of day I wasavailable. And let me tell you it was LOUD. Way too loud. Too loud fora horror film. A scary horror film has to have some subtly. This thingwas just a constant barrage of obnoxious music you'd expect fromIndiana Jones not a film about a killer clown, people screaming,Pennywise screeching, the bullies yelling. Never in this film are yougiven a chance to relax, which makes the jumps scares, and that'spretty much all the scares there are here, much less effective.In my opinion the kids couldn't act that well. Often times they seemedto be reciting lines. All the cute one liners that were suppose to befunny fell flat. It was very formulaic. I didn't understand why thefemale lead was being bullied. She's borderline gorgeous and smart andwitty but for some reason the homely dumb girls pick on her. It justdidn't work for me. And there were a lot of other things that werecompletely implausible. Early in the film the short chubby kid gets areally major wound (trying not to spoil things) on his gut, but in thenext scene he's swimming in a quarry. Lol. What? As for Pennywise, was Bill Skarsgard even there? Most of the clownscenes were CGI, and the ones that weren't, I mean he's so heavily madeup in costume and white face did it really matter who was behind there?And without fail, just when he was getting creepy, suddenly there'd bea big bang of music and the CGI clown would scream and come rushing atlighting speed at whoever was the victim at the time. This happened somany times it stopped being scary because we expected it. And we neverget to know why Pennywise is even haunting these kids. We knew whyFreddy Krugar haunted kids. Their parents burned him to death for beinga child molester. But what's Pennywise's motivation. Some vague thingsare mentioned about the history of the town but it's never revealed whythis ghost clown has come back to haunt the kids of Derry. Didn't makesense.And the movie is way too long. Way too long. It's a movie about akiller clown, for crying out loud, not Schindler's List. I was yawningby the end and could barely sit through yet another scene where thekids are all bonding together. These are my thoughts. I could go on or edit this thing to make a muchfiner review but there's already over 200 reviews here for this film sothis will be all the time I'll invest in it.I give it six stars.