Trying to keep up with the plot of this movie is like chasing a movingtrain. Except even when you think you've caught up to it, you're notsure you want to get on board. As someone who went into this movie with tempered expectations thanksto negative critical reviews, yet also hope it would have someredeeming moments due to the overall positive IMDb user reviews, I canhonestly say that the critics may have won on this one. Suicide Squad has a number of issues, but is not a total loss for comicbook fans. The performances by the actors is not what stops this filmfrom being a success, but it doesn't stop their characters from goingin the wrong direction. 1. THE PLOT: The plot was pretty much a mess. This was a commoncomplaint about the Batman V. Superman movie: the plot defied logic andhad too much trivial sub-plot due to the amount of characters. SuicideSquad runs into a similar problem. I feel like they compensated logicto simply include scenes that would satisfy comic book fans, howeverit's at the sake of the film's success as a whole. Nothing is everexplained that you want explained. And somehow the movie is a confusingblend of predictable yet unclear. I found myself constantly asking "Whywouldn't you just do____?" 2. Not enough screen time for the other squad members: The rest of thesquad (Other than Harley and Deadshot) are not fleshed out well. Andthe movie's feeble attempts to add background, dimension or complexityto the characters fails, with flashbacks and random monologues thatdon't elicit any sort of empathy from the viewer. I found myself easilynot caring about the squad or its success at all. (Example in point 6)3. PACING: I think the attempts to flesh out the characters failed alsobecause of the way the movie is paced. It's about 2 hours, yet feelslike a 30 minute movie. Scenes jump around quickly and what they dochoose to drag out (flashbacks amongst other things) may be fun towatch but is unnecessary. 3. Overuse of Music: A little more nit-picky, yet nonetheless somethingI noticed. Now I'm for every character having a cool theme, andsoundtracks are great but... Suicide Squad utilizes loud, distracting,CONSTANT music... over dialogue, over key scenes.... music accompanieseverything. Or at least that's what it felt like. Don't get me wrongsometimes it works. 4. THERE ARE NO STAKES INVOLVED WHEN YOU'RE FIGHTING MONSTERS MADE OFGOOP: I worried about the antagonists of this movie when I saw thetrailers. None of the fight scenes have any real tension or meaning,because of the type of monsters their fighting. Faceless, CGI, magicalgoop. 5. Uneven Dynamic of Power: This is a big issue I have with the movie.A lot of the characters seem extremely unnecessary and franklymisplaced, due to the disparity of power between all of them. In BatmanV. Superman, people worried about how Batman would stand next toSuperman, Wonder Woman and Apocalypse. In Suicide Squad it just feltwrong that a girl with bat and a guy with a boomerang were even withintwo feet of a guy who can breathe fire and a woman who can tear a holein the sky. You simply don't believe Harley, for example, is needed inthe group, which throws the logic of the film out of wack. Or that herbat can rip apart monsters, when Waller's bullets don't pierce them orKatana's sword. Not sure if this is a popular opinion, but the thoughtdefinitely occurred to me. 6. Katana : Out of all the characters in this movie, Katana's characterwas the biggest wasted opportunity (Boomerang is a close runner up).I'm not too familiar with her character in the comics, but I've lookedup a couple strips and she's speaking English. THEY FREAKING SUBTITLEHER IN THE MOVIE. She can't even communicate with the damn squad. Shecould have been a character that could bond with them and be prettycool, but she's reduced to a non-English speaking, body guard. And thefilm's attempts to humanize her couldn't be more ineffective. I hadhoped this character would be utilized stronger and better.7. The Joker : I never thought I'd say this in my lifetime, but thisfilm should not have included the Joker. He should have full gotten hisown movie or only been in certain scenes. Jared Leto does a great job,and he's definitely a scene stealer. In fact, I could see peopleleaving this movie thinking he was the best part or the only redeemingquality (Which in my mind is actually Will Smith), but I did enjoywatching the Joker. But his appearances made no sense in the context ofthe plot and felt fairly forced and random. I was expecting complexschemes from him or maybe an interesting sub plot, but that's not whatI got from the movie.8. Still Fun to Watch : The movie with all its faults is nonethelessfun to watch at times and the performances aren't bad. There areparticular moments that I think are done well or include nice cinematicdetails. Batman v. Superman is overall a better film, but Suicide Squadis definitely more exciting. In conclusion: It was difficult to keep this review fairly spoilerfree, but I think I did it. Suicide Squad may become your next "guiltypleasure bad movie" film, but I think the average viewer willdefinitely find the film to be subpar. I did, and I hope this reviewhelps you.