If you didn't like clowns before and if Tim Curry scared the beejesusout of you with his version of Pennywise, you are going to walk out ofthe cinema this time vowing never again to want to see any clown,including ones which seemed benign before.Where do I start with this movie. Obviously a lot of the book is nothere (as what movie maker ever wants to see kids getting it on witheach other) but this movie at least shows better than the mini series,how Bill and Beverly have a sexual tension between them and Ben lookson with heartbreak. It also shows the other boys gawping at Beverly asteens will do. Very well done at least for showing just some of thereasons why the 'Loser Club' bonded so well. The scene where Beverly'sdad tried to rape her is very close to what happens in the book,showing how the evil permeates all the actions of adults around Derry.Henry and his teen bully gang are seriously nasty in this movie, againmore like the ones in the book. There are extra things added in likeStanley being scared of a picture of a woman which looks like a Munchpainting 'The Scream'. There's also changes in how each child repelsattacks. Odd scenes have been added as well but I will leave it to you to see ifyou think they fit in with the flow of the movie.My teen son went with me to the movie and was checking his watch allthe time as he didn't understand the slow build up of the story and waswaiting for more 'boom-shock-horror' than the movie really has. Hisloss not mine as I was engrossed.Pennywise is more awful than the Tim Curry version as it is quite clearin this movie we are not dealing with a normal ghost/spectre/ghoul evenat this stage of the first movie (of what will end up as 2 andobviously the second movie will show the kids as adults, just like part2 of the mini-series did). Only thing I found false was that near theend, Pennywise halted for far too long to attack/eat some of the kids.Overall, a very worthwhile experience, albeit with changes from thebook and mini-series. The child actors are very, very good and 'own' this movie. Thelandscapes are much better than in the Mini series and I thought Iunderstood much better the layout of the Barrens. Bill Skasgard has ahard job of following Tim Curry but his version of the evil clownstands up with the old one. Very, very well made movie and I can't waitto see part 2!I will also dust off my old paperback version of the story and re-readnow after 20 years.