Not a fan of Stephen King by any stretch of imagination, I neverthelessconsider "It" to be among my most favourite novels. "It" is a "losersbonding" story. To that we can add coming-of-age. Those two ingredientsare key to the charm of this story that is packaged as a horror.As screen renditions rarely satisfy fans of the source book, I am alittle surprised that I found the 1990 two-part TV version satisfactoryon the whole. That one, incidentally, has John Ritter from thehousehold-name series "Three's company" of the 1970's. There is alsoA-list actor Tim Curry portraying Pennywise the hideous Clown.The structure of the novel has a time span of 27 years, the recurringcycle of re-emergence of the titular being, an extra-terrestrialmonster that landed on Earth in prehistoric times in a spot that laterbecame the humble New England town Derry. The subterranean sewagesystem of Derry eventually became a perfectly cozy home. Withhibernation as its normal state, It comes out every 27 years to feed -on human children. In the original novel (as well as the miniseries)the 7 protagonists, 12-year-olds in the summer of 1958, findcomradeship in forming a "Losers' Club", initially to oppose schoolbullies. Eventually, together they defeat the monster, but come justshort of killing It. When summer is over, before going on theirseparate ways in life, they swear that if It comes back 27 years later,they will come back to finish the job. The second part, naturally,happens in 1985 when 6 of them who have almost completely forgottenthat life-changing occurrence are rudely awaken by a phone call fromthe seventh who has stayed behind in Derry to keep watch.The above paragraph recounts far more than the current movie reveals.Shifting the story of the kids to 1989 (from the original 1958), thismovie tells only the first half. That much was quite evident to me wellbefore I bought the ticket to the cinema, from the cast shown in IMDbwhich has only the children. While the book starts with the adultsreceiving the aforementioned phone calls, this movie is a standalone,just about the kids. The hint of a "part 2" comes only in the very endwhen the kids vow to return, if needed. Then, quite playfully, at thevery last frame showing the title of the movie, "Part 1" issuperimposed ever so nonchalantly.The movie is a commendably successful effort in adapting the novel to astandalone movie. But I cannot help feeling disappointed, as one whohas re-read the novel several times over the last three decades sinceits publication. Some of the best parts have been left out in themovie, for perfectly good reasons (to customize a standalone movie), Ido agree. Unfortunately, that does not change the fact that they areleft out.The best part of the story is bonding of the "losers". The movie hasdone a very decent job in depicting that. Yet, the best sequence canonly be found in the book: the building of the dam. Fleeing from thebullies, Ben bumps into the Bill, Eddie and Richard who are trying,unsuccessfully, to build a dam on a stream in The Barrens. While theyimmediately sympathize with this new kid on the block as afellow-victim, it is Ben's skill as a builder (an innate ability) thatwins the respect of these new friends. As well, Bev has also beeninvited into the group initially to participate in this project.Equally disappointing is "the Apocalyptic rock fight" (a chapter titlein the book), which is anything but. Throughout the story, up to thatpoint, a very important thing repeatedly alluded to is that these sevenkids have somehow been connected, way before they know it. There is oneincident (in the book only) in which Stan and another kid drop by toplay, and right away the "losers" have that uncanny feeling that Stanis "one of them" while this other kid is not. Mike is the last to join,barely knowing these kids hitherto. The six others are playing at theedge of a rock pit and somehow there is a premonition that somethingimportant is going to happen. Mike then bursts into the open from abush, desperately running from the bullies. What ensues is the"Apocalyptic" rock fight that finally cements the group of seven. Thescene in the movie is disappointingly lame, compared with the book.Just one more major deviation, but with this one I have no bones topick. I am referring to the climactic finale and has to do with thetrue identity of It. While the clown is the collective visualmanifestation to all, It also appears in different hideous images todifferent individuals (leper, mummy, werewolf etc). However, the true,final form of this monster is a spider. In the movie, only a glimpse ofa spider's claw in shown coming out of the clown they are battling, thesignificance of which will only be recognized by people who haveknowledge the novel. I have no problem with that. Obviously the spiderform is saved for Part 2.The cast, comprising new faces to the screen, is uniformly excellent.Playing the clown Pennywise is Bill Skarsgard, the son of seasonedveteran Stellan whose performance I have enjoyed in movies too many tolist. Just one other to mention is Sophie Lillis who plays, andinhibits, Bev Marsh with charm and defiance in equal measure. Her smilealone is sufficient to melt down The Wall. As well, moving the timeframe of the story to 1989 allows incorporation into the dialogue themention of Molly Ringwald (reigning teenage idol at the time), a cleverreference to the uncanny resemblance both on-screen (Marsh) and and off(Lillis).