This film reminds me of the situation surrounding the making of TheLord of the Rings trilogy. The film was turned down by one studio afteranother as none of the studios wanted to commit to making 3 films. Oneof the studios actually agreed to make it, but only if the script wascondensed into a single film. Thankfully the people that had the rightsand were pitching the films understood that the idea of translating theentire Lord of the Rings trilogy in a single film was a laughableproposition and the end result would have been a terrible film thatwould ultimately do no justice to the source material. They werewilling to bring it down to 2 films instead of 3, but the studio woundup turning them down. The final studio they approached was New Line and because all of theother studios had turned them down, they pitched it to New Line as a 2film series as opposed to a trilogy. Amazingly, New Line agreed to takeon the project but only if it was made as a trilogy. Clearly someone atNew Line smartly recognized that Lord of the Rings was an amazingproject and the only way to do it right was to make it a trilogy. Andanyone who has read the Lord of the Rings trilogy understands firsthand that there is just way too much material to be condensed into asingle film or even 2 films. And as we all know, the films wound upbeing a HUGE success and made New Line billions. At last look theTrilogy had made more than 6 billion world wide. Like Lord of the Rings, The Dark Tower series is just way too big to becondensed into a single film. Any film studio that was legitimatelyserious about doing the Dark Tower series justice would understand thatright out of the gate. The Lord of the Rings was 3 books and therunning time for the extended versions of the films was 682 minutes orjust over 11 hours long. .The Dark Tower series is 8 books and many ofthem are BIG books. Anyone who thinks that amount of material can becondensed into a single film is living in la la land. I knew going inthat this was going to be a cheap attempt at making money off ofStephen Kings name and the popularity of The Dark Tower series andthat's exactly what it was. The Dark Tower series is one of my all timefavorite book series, as is Lord of the Rings, and this film isliterally a bad joke compared to the source material. How they gotMatthew McConaughey to sign on to this film when he has had such anamazing run the last 4-5 years is simply beyond my understanding. Iwill never understand how such an amazing writer has had so manyterrible films made from his books. Bottom line - this was a terrible film, one that does no justice to thesource material at all. If your a fan of the Dark Tower books, doyourself a HUGE favor and skip this film. Its like a bad joke of theDark Tower universe. Everyone involved with this film should be ashamedof being a part of it. The only reason I saw it is because I have anephew than basically begged me to take him to see it and I have toadmit, part of me was curious to see just how bad it really was and inthat regard it didn't disappoint. It was just as bad as I expected itto be. This is Hollywood garbage, nothing more and nothing less. Doyourself a favor and put your money elsewhere.