My god.....I was down right BORED in the fist 25 minutes. I had heardall the critic slamming literally all over the place, everywhere youlooked and listened; television, you tube, magazines and of courseright here on IMDb. Stephen King is my number one favorite writer. Ihave read practically everything he has ever graced us with. If Iwasn't able to read it then I would listen to the audiobook. I am fullyaware that King's material is relatively notorious for being hit andmiss transitions but the thing is this was a miss of trulygroundbreaking proportions. It's a miss for both readers andnon-readers. This movie has crossed over a line. A line that is almostimpossible to put into words. I found myself thinking of the worstadaptions like Graveyard Shift, The Mangler, The Tommyknockers,Children Of The Corn, why, because it definitely belongs in that rockbottom category. The funny thing is if I HAD to I would rewatch any ofthe four that I just mentioned. I will NOT watch this again. The DarkTower very thinly disguising itself as quality with grotesquely typicalsuperhero CGI made me feel as though I was watching a damn video game.Even the most recent bad adaptions like the unnecessary remake ofCarrie was better than this, Cell was better, at least Cell had astory, 1408 was better.I strictly made myself purchase a matinée ticket just to besafe...$8.00. It was the multitude of negativity that drew me towanting to see for myself. I really wanted to say what other peoplewere saying here about ignoring the critics because a lot of timescritics do exaggerate, especially when the books are so widelycherished by so many people over so many years. In this case thecritics are not only correct but the movie even has people beingridiculously sympathetic towards it. This film does not deserve ANYsympathy. To the book readers AND non-book readers, the movie is TRASH. Ignore the positive reviews on here. As far as The Dark Tower isconcerned the critics are right, 100%. If you do decide to go see itthen I strongly suggest to buy the cheapest theatre ticket you can andbrace yourself.I honestly do not know if Stephen King backed this project to itsmaximum. You simply cannot believe everything you see or hear ininterviews. Although if he did, then it is very easy to see him fleeingacross the desert dressed in black.....his back to all of hisfans.....whipping his arm around as sharply as he can giving all ofthem the bird.