So the same 'reviewers' who gave Ghostbusters: Answer the Call 74%, andWonder Woman 92%, have given this film 16%. They want you to believethat The Dark Tower is 11x less enjoyable than Paul Feig's (accordingto them) masterpiece of comedy entertainment, that in no way disgracedthe franchise by being completely off-tone and well, justhorribly-made.Is the Dark Tower 11x less enjoyable than Ghostbusters: Answer theCall? Is it 15x less enjoyable than the poorly directed, badlyscripted, morally nauseating Wonder Woman? No, it's about as good as Wonder Woman and much, much better thanGhostbusters: Answer the Call. The understandable issues some fans hadwith the casting of Roland by a black man turned out to be unnecessary,as the character with which he had his racially-insensitiveinteractions wasn't present in this film. Idris Elba was, on paper, avery good choice for Roland in these circumstances; he's a fantasticactor with a lot of gravitas. He's wasted in this film however, as he'snot afforded a chance to use his winning charisma, and so mopes aroundrather a lot, which sadly isn't the actors forte. I'm not saying Rolandhas winning charisma in the novels, I'm just saying that Elba wasoffered an opportunity to branch out; and sadly he didn't quite graspit with both hands.But if Elba was unfortunately miscast as Roland, who knows what theywere thinking allowing McConaughey to play the Man in Black, also knownas Randall Flagg. He just does his own thing - which is what he alwaysdoes - and normally it's fine in original movies with original scripts,but when he's supposed to be playing a long-established character, it'snot fine at all. He's absolutely horrible in this movie, and the mainreason why seven stars is generous. Enough said about him the better.Like Elba he's a wonderful performer, but horribly miscast in thismovie.So the good things? The good things are probably what make this movieunpopular with a lot of King fans. Instead of getting their ramblingepic, what the studio delivered was a young-adult movie with a verydefinitive beginning, middle and end. One of the reasons King novelsdon't translate well into films is because he has a lot of trouble withthat. He just writes words obsessively, whether or not he has anythingof value to say. In his earlier years he had a lot to say, and he gaveus the classics like IT, The Shining, Salem's Lot and Pet Sematary; butfor decades now he's just been disappearing into his basement to churnout his word-quota and the result is... just, meh. He also doesn't knowhow to make his story endings dramatic, which this movie does verywell. There was just no way that a movie studio was ever going to turn King'srambling, unfocused, narcissistic epic into the movie that would pleasehis fans; so they instead offered us up a Percy Jackson type affair,which is very entertaining. If King wanted to see his vision trulyrealised, he would have retained creative control over his characters;but he didn't. The reason for this is the same reason he writesobsessively in his basement every morning, to a certain word count.Despite all the words, despite all his success; he's so insecure thathe needs to see his name continually on the shelves, or in theatres, toremind him that he is still a successful writer. It's his obsession andthe only fault for poor adaptations, lies with him and him alone. Justto be clear on this point, Stephen King is rich and powerful enough tochoose his own terms when it comes to selling his scripts. Likeeverything else in his creative life, he chooses quantity over quality.King fans who don't like this movie? You only have one person to blame.