The thing that jumped out at me the most was the visuals, and thisincludes the direction. Mid- World was beautiful. It looked like ourworld (Keystone Earth), but different enough to give you the feelingthat you're in another dimension. Nikolaj Arcel and Rasmus Videbaek dida fantastic job with the direction and cinematography. In fact,although I felt McConaughey's performance was a little flat (which mayhave been a conscious choice to showcase his inhumanity, now that I'veseen my thoughts in writing), the way he was presented on screen reallyhelped make him appear ominous (and what he did with Jake's mom withthe "Hello There" and the magic so Jake would see his mom burn wasscrewed up. I haven't been shocked by a villain's actions in a film fora very long time). Speaking of acting, Idris Elba was great, as always.He's one of those actors who can tell stories with his eyes as well ashis facial expressions and line readings, and he's one of my favoriteactors around today. Usually, having a skilled and accomplished actorworking with a kid for the majority of the film leads to some veryunconvincing performances (looking at you, Iron Man 3) but Tom Taylorheld his own against the two big powerhouses he shared the screen with.The action scenes were also great. Gunfights can be boring these daysbecause they're standard fare at this point, but there was somecreative elements thrown into the mix here that made them veryenjoyable (first thing that pops to mind is Roland's rapid-fire reloadwith his fingers). Negatively, I'd say the film ended too soon. Fromwhat I've heard from people who have read the books, there is a lot ofmaterial to draw from so I'm confused as to why they made such a shortfilm. Obviously I don't expect them to make a completely faithful filmadaptation, but Peter Jackson showed us that you don't need to followthe books 100% to make a great film adaptation. On a personal note, I'dlike to say to those racists who claim Idris Elba's Roland is a "magicnegro" that you can all go to the devil (trying to avoid using whatcould be construed as profanity, but you know what I mean). Apparently,having a black man play a skilled warrior and serve as a mentor andfather figure for a child who lost his father is a negative thing.You'd think the racists would be happy because a white man was a badguy, but I digress.