I'm not familiar with The Dark Tower novel series and I didn't expectmuch going into this movie with a few friends. To my surprise, The DarkTower turned out being one of the best movies of the year so far.It's never easy to transform one or several novels into one or severalmovies. Most of those films are extremely long and fans still complainthat different characters or plot elements aren't included. Many ofthose films feel unfinished and often end on cliffhangers, implyingthat there will be one or several sequels. Many of those movies areonly interesting for those familiar with the novels as a lot ofinformation is omitted in the films which are hard to follow for thoseunfamiliar with the novels.The Dark Tower avoids all those mistakes so many movies make. The movieis short and concise with a healthy length around one and a half hours.This film doesn't end on a cliffhanger and tells a coherent story fromstart to finish. It might be possible that there are going to be othermovies involving the main characters of this film but with completelynew story lines. The film was easy to understand for anyone thanks to areduced and clear structure. Instead of including too many charactersand a lot of background information, the film focuses on a pitilessvillain, a lonesome gun-slinging hero and an innocent child withspecial capacities.The movie managed to be balanced without ever being headless. It's anaction movie because of the breathtaking fight scenes involving anincredibly cool Idris Elba and a cold and sinister Matthew McConaughey.It's a fantasy film because of the existence of different worlds andthe possibility of travelling between them. It's a thriller because ofthe ruthless crimes the villain commits. It's a drama because it showshow the gunslinger struggles with his father's death and how theinnocent child feels rejected by his family. It's a movie for teenagersbecause it's easy to identify with the sympathetic young loner but alsofor adults because the movie is surprisingly brutal and sinister attimes.Add a constant gloomy atmosphere, a fitting soundtrack, great camerawork without too many shaky camera sequences, imaginative visualspecial effects, interesting side characters such as the teenager'ssuspicious stepfather or the charming and intelligent seer as well assmart references to other works of Stephen King such as It and TheShining.In the end, I couldn't point out a negative element of this movie. Thestory itself might not be revolutionary and can basically be describedas the eternal duel between good and evil but the story was written byStephen King and not by the makers of this film. From the grippingacting over the diversified genre mixture and concise storytelling tothe stunning sound and visual special effects, The Dark Tower convinceson every level. Most importantly, it's absolutely entertaining fromstart to finish, no matter if you're familiar with the novels or not.