The snowy white landscapes of Oslo seemed like the perfect setting forchilling crime thriller The Snowman, a film based on Jo Nesbø's novelof the same name. The trailers promised so much and with a lead actorlike Michael Fassbender on board, it had the potential to be one of themost intense films of the year. When Harry Hole (Michael Fassbender) is called to investigate a stringof murders where the killer leaves snowmen as a calling card, he mustdelve into past cases to make a connection before the killer strikesagain.For a crime thriller to work, it must grip the audience right throughto the end. The first half of The Snowman had my full attention, unsureof where the story was going to go or what would be revealed however,as the film drew on and revelations were made, it utterly lost me dueto how lazy it became. They storytelling that felt so strong in thefirst half was totally absent in the second, none of the revelations asimpactful as they should have been and the ending coming so abruptly. Ihate the fact the film didn't seem to wrap up this story properlybefore closing with such a sequel baiting final scene.As with Tomas Alfredson's previous films, the pacing is pretty slowhowever, unlike Let the Right One In and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, theconsistence in quality isn't maintained throughout. Half an hour beforethe end I was ready for it to finish. Such a shame because this hadsuch potential to be such a creepy thriller, instead the snowmen leftas calling cards coming across as more comical than anything.Coming to the performances, The Snowman isn't exactly let down at all.It's just they feel a little uninspired considering some of the actorsworking in the film. Michael Fassbender is one of the best actorsworking today but even if he looks as if he's given up on the filmtowards the end. I'm still waiting for a Fassbender performance as goodas Steve Jobs, and that was two years ago now. While I don't thinkanyone gave a bad performance, the likes of Rebecca Ferguson, ValKilmer, Toby Jones and J. K. Simmons were left a little too underusedfor my liking.A film of two halves for me, starting so promisingly before fizzlingout to such an unsatisfying finale, The Snowman is rather annoyinglyone of the biggest disappointments of the year.