I love bad hype, then going to say that unfavorable movie. I can seeaudience's views to quite an extent. At the early stages, I was at afour out of ten, as it does a while to get the main story flowing. WhatThe Snowman has above all else, is style. What it lacks badly issustained suspense, with only a few nasty moments to jangle the senses,where we skip a few kills, not seeing most of them actually happened,where you think, "What effrontery?". I have the whole story down patfrom the first frame, as I've seen it all before, and I don't want togo into it, as I will ruin it. Cool acting Michael Fassbender is greatin the lead, a perfect fit as a drunken famous DCI detective, HarryHole (love the name). He wants a case, and soon his wishes are granted,where a woman goes missing, minus a head where soon all of her is foundin not so the best state. The killer always kills during snowfall andhis female victims, are purposely sought out. The faceless killer,retractable netwire kit and all is his murder tool, where too, he'splaying games with Harry. Charlotte Gainsborough, a great actress isagain in top form as Fasssbender's ex, while Kilmer, a standout supporthere, another lush cop, appears in limited scenes, voice box and all,he too on the case. J.K Simmons is great too as a kind of sleazyhospital governor, while Ferguson lends strong support as Fassbender'snew female partner. A few red herrings are thrown in, and the thrillerelements are good, and there a score of suspects, having you go, fromone to another, but overall, the film is something of a convolutedmess, with some predictabilities, one standing out like a sore thumb,as to how the killer gets it. There is some graphic gore- photos, andsome unintentionally funny moments, that very short father (Fassbender)and son dollying train scene, of frankly spoken dialogue. There's a lotof things wrong with the movie, but nevertheless, this is one film, youshouldn't pass up, especially if you're a MF fan. A film that exudes init's fresh style, one unforgettable bridge shot, and some coffee beanstoo