No, this is not a remake of Raymond Briggs's well-loved Christmas tale.This "The Snowman" is a piece of what has become known as "NordicNoir". Although the Scandinavian countries have long enjoyed areputation for being peaceful societies with a relatively low crimerate, they have also in recent years, at least in the English-speakingworld, also acquired a reputation for their crime fiction. The Swedishwriter Stieg Larsson's "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" was made intoan excellent English-language film in 2011. (There was also aSwedish-language version which I have never seen)."The Snowman" attempts to repeat the success of the earlier film byadapting a novel by the Norwegian writer Jo Nesbø. The lead characteris the detective Harry Hole. Hole is pursuing a serial killer nicknamed"The Snowman" from his habit of building a snowman near the scene ofeach of his crimes. Each killing takes place just after the first snowsof winter.I won't set out any more of the plot than that, because for much of itslength the story is well-nigh incomprehensible, although some sort ofmeaning becomes apparent towards the end. That's not just my opinion,it seems to be the opinion of most of the critics as well. Although thefilm is a fairly lengthy one, it was, apparently, supposed to be evenlonger. According to the director Tomas Alfredson, the filming schedulewas too short which meant that large chunks of the screenplay could notbe shot, with the result that what actually was shot does not hangtogether or make a good deal of sense. What's the Norwegian for "AlanSmithee"? The best thing about the film is Alfredson's moody,atmospheric photography of the Norwegian winter landscapes andtownscapes, reminiscent of those in another, much better, neo-noir setin northern Europe, Alan Pakula's "Gorky Park" from the early eighties.Overall, however, the film is a waste of time and of all the talentsinvolved, including such well-known actors (some of them employed insurprisingly minor roles) as Michael Fassbender, Rebecca Ferguson,Charlotte Gainsbourg, Val Kilmer, Chloë Sevigny and Toby Jones. 3/10