Me and my friends had nothing to do over the weekend, we decided to gosee this film at our local cinema. I was looking forward to this thisfilm as the trailer made it seem like it was going to be this thrillingand exciting horror movie, frankly it was neither thrilling orexciting. The plot was sub par, I don't think the writer and directorhad a clue whether they were making a horror or crime drama. It was aboring poor birth child of them both. The only thing that made itinteresting was the nice visuals of Oslo and the other all look of thefilm, that was nice.My main problem with the film is that as a crime drama goes there waslittle drama,barley any investigation and . Whenever there was asuspect it was not properly developed. What really annoyed me was theactually suspect was really nice to the main character and had nodevelopment, this made him a boring and uninteresting character. Whatannoyed me was his motives, without spoiling it they were poor andunrealistic. Also, why the hell would you go around building snowmen,in the intro the kid builds snow men but it's not explained why. Is ita coping method for what he is going through or is it something heenjoys to do. Doesn't make sense and not explained.I say the visuals are good because they shot it in a photogenic place.This instantly made it look nice. I could of shot it on my iPhone 5sand it would of been a 10/10 master piece, look wise. It's a beautifulplace. However one visual problem was the poor VFX, when a mans headget shot his neck flops around like a half eaten frube. That made mechuckle. I shouldn't laugh when someone's head gets blown apart but theeffects made it comical.The acting was all right, nothing interesting. Convocations wherereally stale, like a bagel at the bottom of my bread bin after I forgotto eat last summer. Therewas one shot where Harry Hole (What kind ofunimaginative name is that, like seriously) is talking to his ex wife'snew boyfriend. They are on a train and Harry has forgot about a camp hewas going on with his son who doesn't know he's Harry's son orsomething along the lines of that. 2 problems with this is thatfirstly, Harry forgets a few things. It is set up like some kind ofgimmick which is never acted upon. He just forgets things. This annoysme as I'm not sure why this was in the film, is it to make it relatablebecause men forget things? I don't know! Secondly it was such a boringscene. I had more amusement picking the chewing gum I accidentallystood in of my shoe. That is not why I watch a movie. Considering theplot was uninteresting you need good dialogue to keep the movie afloat.However the movie sunk. The only movie that can sink is the Titanic.Overall, watch it if you want but don't expect anything too great! Joe Beaumont