The Snowman is a film suffers the same fate as All the King's Men andGangster Squad, projects where everyone involved has done great work,but the finished product ends up being terrible. A dull plot, iffyacting, and some of the worst editing ever seen makes The Snowman failon every level of being interesting and worthwhile to watch. The plot follows the same structure you would see on any TV crimeprocedural. There's been a string of unexpected murders taking place inNorway and detective Harry Hole (Michael Fassbender) has been draggedin to solve the case. He's a mopey drunk that's trying to get his lifeback together after leaving his longtime girlfriend and her son. Alongcomes headstrong detective Katrine Bratt (Rebecca Ferguson) who's beentransferred in for unknown reasons. Their investigation soon leads themto cross paths with the charismatic Arve Stop (J.K. Simmons), who welearn has a personal connection Bratt. The story is all very basic and never adds anything new or remotelyinteresting to the detective thriller genre. By the time the killer isrevealed I had already given up and didn't care what happened next. Thedreadful editing also makes the film overly confusing as to what ishappening and how it all connects together. Shots are stringed togetherfor no clear reason and some scenes feel like they were added for nopurpose other than to pad the runtime Watching this felt like taking atest that is hard only because the questions are worded horribly. Director Tomas Alfredson has already proved himself with the 2011 spythriller Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy so it's a huge letdown to see himfail so miserably here. While Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is also poorlyedited and unnecessarily confusing, it is at least interesting to watchhow the mystery would unfold over time.The cinematography is wildly inconsistent between being actually goodand horribly bad. You get to see some beautiful shots of the frozenNorway landscape, but you are also forced to watch some amateur camerawork done during important scenes that are key to the overall plot.Dion Beebe should switch to tourist videos since he would be great inthat line of work.The only salvageable performance here is Michael Fassbender as he triesreally hard to carry the film by himself. However, his character iswritten so poorly that it doesn't mean anything in the end. RebeccaFerguson is just alright, but she also suffers from having hercharacter being poorly written. J.K. Simmons is pretty forgettable, butyou won't forget the accent he uses. I won't even talk in depth aboutVal Wilmer and Toby Jones since they are completely wasted in theirminuscule roles, each getting three scenes that total about two and ahalf minutes of screen time.Lifeless and uneventful, The Snowman is a poor attempt to adapt thesuccessful and acclaimed series by Jo Nesbø. Just like the end of areal snowman's life, this film is a wet and sloshy mess that has noredeemable features to warrant its existence.