I've never written a review here before, but I honestly feel like Ihave a responsibility to warn potential movie-goers.There are several deeply disturbing issues with The Snowman, whichcan't be saved by a partially good cast and a nice setting. I'm notgoing to go into details, because I can't remember most of it, since itwas so incredibly boring, but I'll sum up the most crucial things.First, the movie is based on a highly regarded book, and it goes out ofit's way to not live up to it. At the same time it seems like the movieactually hasn't got a screenplay, but rather is using the book straightup as a screenplay. This is evidenced by the horribly executed dialogueand off-beat cuts between scenes.Secondly, the most cringe thing about the movie, aside from everythingbeing so frustratingly off, is that the producers felt it a good ideato set the movie in Norway, with exactly everyone having overlyScandinavian names, and then having almost everyone speak English withbad accents, pronouncing the names in the worst most Americanised waypossible. This would seem like a somewhat good idea if you only want tocater to an English-speaking audience, but absolutely nothing in thismovie requires it to be set in Norway, other than the books initiative.So why not just place it in Canada instead? Or better yet, just leteveryone speak the actual Norwegian language.Okay, burst rant: The story is all over the place, You can see that theactors know that they are working on a bad movie, the big-name actorsare completely irrelevant (especially Val Kilmer), everything that'sslightly interesting can be seen in the first minute of the trailer,and the ending is so bad, it's just a big slap in the face of theviewer.It straight up feels as if the director and editors are young teenagersworking on their first project in school, and have no idea what theyare doing. This wouldn't be so bad, if the movie didn't take itself soseriously. But it actually gives off the impression that theplot-points are somehow intelligent, when it's the most watered downdrink you can possibly imagine.I rank this movie in the top 5 worst movies I've ever seen. And that'sthe list of movies that are actually bad, not entertainingly bad. Andit's on the absolute top of my list of movies that doesn't respect it'sviewers. Don't waste money on this garbage.