It's October and nothing says fall like warming your heart with agood?murder mystery. Okay, not the most sense filled opening, but ittransitions into my next review in the thriller/mystery saga ofHollywood. Tonight, we talk about the Snowman, one of the more popularinstallments in the Harry Hole mystery book series that swept theworld. As Hollywood does, they decided to cut to the chase and bringthe story to life in what they hope will be the biggest hit sensation.What lies in this cold-hearted killing flick? Robbie K here to give youthe inside, without spoilers. Let's go. LIKES:Interesting concept: One thing about the world of crime is that itspans some creative ideas to put our characters up against. The Snowmancreates a killer with a new calling card whose motives, like the faceson his snowmen, are cold, callous, and mysterious. This chillingconcept creates the backbone of the movie, and kept me a little on edgeas to what lay behind the white mask peering through the window. It hasbeen a while since we last got such an original killer and I applaudthe literary world for crafting it. Fassbender: Michael Fassbender continues to show his skills as anactor, branching his roles to yet another genre/world contained inHollywood. I was impressed by his portrayal of Harry Hole, covering allthe emotional arrays this character has on his shoulders. Hole is astruggling drug addict, trying to deal with the loss of some personalmatters. Fassbender captures the drug addiction role quite well,turning those struggles into a deep seeded sadness that is only quelledby work. The suffering is well portrayed, only beaten by how well hehas the detective role down as he tries to solve the crime. In truth,Fassbender just crafts a very interesting character with multiplelayers, keeping you rooting for him. The Mystery: While the characters are certainly interesting, it's theactual mystery itself that will keep you engaged in at least the firsthalf of the film. The Snowman's primary selling point is figuring outwho is the wizard of frozen death and what are his motives, other thanbeing crazy. Unlike Happy Death Day, this story has plenty ofinformation to process, doing a nice job of keeping your mind active inpursuit of the answers. It took me about halfway to figure it out, sothe challenge (unless you read the books you cheaters) are slightlymore difficult and the foreshadowing is not as obvious. Thus, by usingthis mystery element, one remains in their seats to see the end. Scenery: Like my other reviewers, I have to give props to thecamera-work in this movie, and the beautiful job done on capturing themajesty of the snowy filled cities. Sure, the soulless snowmen arecreepy, as well as the unknown creator who creeps in the silentblanket. However, without the scenery there to set the deadly playingfield I feel that edge would be much less. One can't help but get"chills" as our heroes wander the dark, quiet, frontier whosetranquility is only a mask for the threat it contains. It creates afield of isolation that is even scarier than the deranged killer. DISLIKES:Needs More suspense: The Snowman had potential in the beginning, butsadly they dropped much of the building suspense as the movieprogressed. In search of a motif, a lot of drama started to bubble out,creating a convoluted (yet shallow) web of subplots that didn't need tobe as detailed in the film. By getting too distracted in theseelements, it took away from the thrilling chase, in a very dry attemptto develop our secondary characters. The Slow Pace: The Snowman film feels much like a book, long and drawnout with many details crammed into the mix. Had the suspense been up topar with my expectations, this would not have been a problem, but alasyou feel how time creeps at parts of this movie. There were plenty ofmoments that could have been edited out of the film without taking awaymuch, if anything, from the story. Without the mystery keeping meintrigued enough, this dull pace would have had me snoozing in mychair. The Weak Climax: After the long journey to get to the answer, you wouldhope for a strong finale. Again, The Snowman fails to deliver asatisfying conclusion, going for instead a rushed ending that tries towrap everything up. This rapid finish first felt like they were justdone with the movie, unable to come up with a justified ending. Despitethe vivid mind games being dropped in this movie, the ending was adiluted, predictable mess, with a rather lazy conclusion. Worst of allthough, the climax fails to fill in half the unanswered questions,relying on you to use vague sentences to piece together the overallpuzzle. I'm hoping the book will answer these questions better, butmaking a film of the 7th book, left a lot to be desired in regards tosolving all the mystery. The VERDICT: My fellow reviewers are correct in saying that the potential of thisthriller was lost in this screen adaptation. Although there is anintriguing killer concept alongside a dynamic mystery, this movie justruns too slow and lacks that fulfilling punch needed in these types offilms. Fassbender does his best to keep his character engaging enoughto see you until the end, but it is still not enough to bringsatisfaction to the award-winning book. My buddy and I agree this oneis best left to home viewing/reading, holding out for next weekend toget your theater trip on. My scores:Crime/Drama/Horror: 6.0 Movie Overall: 5.0