Denis Villeneuve, you magnificent world wonder, you did it again!I have seen this film three times in the cinema, in 3D, 2D and 4DX.And one of the things i have noticed with this film, is that it's notthe time in the cinema that takes up my time, It's the hours upon hoursin between spent thinking about the film, that is the real timeconsumer. This film left such a deep and profound impact, which icannot escape. And I've gone back to the cinema twice to be "tortured",but it's worth it.It's a dark, mysterious, grim, hopeless, sad and lonely film, set in apossible near future where the human race is hanging by theirfingertips on the edge of doom. So it's quite depressing. But it's sobrilliantly put together, the closest master of cinema i think of thathas done something similar, is Stanley Kubrick.Many Stanley Kubrick films were also "hated" by many when they firstreleased. "2001: A Space Odyssey" for example, which had gorgeousvisuals, but felt flat and hollow for many, even professional reviewersback then. But what Kubrick did best with his films, was to createafterthought. People left the cinema feeling confused and evendepressed, but the movies planted a seed which then grew for years. Theoriginal Blade Runner also accomplished this. BR2049 is no exception,this movie will without doubt live on to be interpreted, analyzed anddiscussed for decades to come. The story continues from the original,but stands completely on it's own, it tells a new story that directlyinterlink with the original, but without trying to be a copy, it's anatural continuation in the same universe. You don't have to see theoriginal Blade Runner first, though i do recommend it, see the finalcut.BR2049 has some of the most gorgeous visuals i have ever seen, and thecinematography is out of this world, there is literally no excuse notto give Roger Deakins the Oscar this time. After 13 nominations he hasnow knocked the ball out of the park and is this year in his own leagueentirely. It's confusing to look at something so gorgeous, whilstpainting a picture of such a sad and lost world. It sort of collideswith your senses, your eyes say it's beautiful, your mind say it'sdepressing. Which senses are you going to believe? What does it mean?At least don't confuse feeling depressed as a sign that this movie isbad, it's nothing wrong feeling depressed, take it in, embrace it. Thenyou will know how it feels to be a replicant that's trapped in a cagedmind.BR2049's story happens 30 years after the original, and there is threeshort films on Youtube i recommend you watch. These short filmsdescribes some of what happened in between 2019 and 2049. Watching themmakes it slightly easier to understand some of the things going on. Butthe underlying theme is the same as it was in the original. What doesit mean to be human? What does it mean to have memories? What is asoul? And so on.The world has gone darker in 2049, climate is spinning out of control,almost all animals and plants have died. People are desperate and lost,law enforcement can barely keep anything together, and only a smallspark can set of total disaster, which is looming just around everycorner. Niander Wallace has taken over Tyrell Corp and has by the time2049 takes place designed millions of obedient replicants that doesexactly what he tells them to do. But there is one thing Wallace hasnot been able to perfect, and that's what the main story is all about,and Wallace will do anything in his power to get his hands on the"technology", which will result in him becoming many hundred timesricher and more powerful, the sole ruler of the entire universe. He isso far gone in his mind by 2049 he actually believes he is god himself,and he calls his replicants angels.And of course he also uses replicants to do his "dirty work". In 2049we meet his right hand "girl" Luv (Brilliantly played by Sylvia Hoeks,if there is one actor in this movie that steal the show, it's her). Luvis a "handygirl" so to speak, that perform whatever task she is set todo, with no remorse. Or is that entirely true? I can't spoil anything,but look closely at Luv's character arc. All the other actors also doan outstanding job in this film, no bad performances, but i can't talkabout all of them due to the word limit in these reviews.Be prepared going to see this film, it's depressing and heavy on yourmind, and it demands your full attention. It's one of those rare filmswho dares to challenge the audience, and by doing so, taking a hugerisk, and a 155 million dollar risk at that. The film isn't perfect,but it's close, and it shows the tremendous skills of Denis Villeneuve.And those few mistakes this movie have, are probably just happy littleaccidents as Rob Ross would have put it. This film is very much like apainting, every stroke of the brush matters, and every little detail iscarefully crafted, it takes monumental skills to pull it of.I loved this film, it's the best film I've seen all year, It is a mustsee, a monumental triumph of a film that's just as good (possibly evenbetter) as the original and one of the best sequels of all time!9.7/10 - MasterpieceAnd BTW Villeneuve's next movie might be Dune, imagine if he bringsDeakins and the rest of this team to make that movie. Yeah, I'm goingto leave you with that thought. This is basically porn.