Please be aware that my review contains spoilers so please do not readfurther if you do want to have key plot points revealed.First things first, I'm a big fan of the original and have enjoyedimmensely with each viewing, first from when I was a 10 year old until2 weeks ago so I was interested to see what Villeneuve would do withthe sequel.Watched it Saturday and must say the experience left me somewhatunderwhelmed and frustrated at seeing such an opportunity to dosomething original go to waste, that I have decided to post my thoughtshere on IMDb for the first time.In no particular here are some of my questions and general points aboutthe film.Jared Leto's performance. How the hell is he such a high paid star? Icannot think of anything he is particularly memorable and this is noexception.His eyes. Are they distracting on purpose?If his character saved the world from starvation, how come there aren'tmillions of people worshiping him? Humans are suckers for finding idolsand why shouldn't his character be any different. Crikey, we havedictators in our world who had days and months of the year named afterfamily members. Why doesn't he have a massive army organised to hunt down Deckardinstead of entrusting this to one replicant and a few goons?Monologues giving exposition is lazy storytelling and old Wallace lovesa monologue.What is his plan? He wants to produce more replicants but kills one atthe start for some spurious reason. Hint hint, to show the audience heis a very naughty. He also has the Rachel replicant killed. No wonderhe cannot make enough replicants if he keeps killing them.Ryan Gosling plays Ryan Gosling again and although I don't dislike hisperformances, I find it hard to root for his character here, as I'veseen it before in a much better film (Drive).The music wasn't particularly memorable and only made me think of themuch better soundtrack from Bladerunner. Apparently this wasintentional on Villeneuve's part as he removed the original composerwho wanted to do something original. So instead, the director opted forZimmer to make it more Bladerunnery and therefore less memorable forthis film. The film did not merit or need the run-time it had. I appreciate theoriginal BR took its time but it had a new world to show usThe ending was goofy and ridiculous. Why would K bring Deckard to hisdaughter who is the most wanted person in the history of want people?This will definitely endanger her given that Leto's character has arelationship with her and probably has her under some sort ofsurveillance. Hero comes back from the dead to say the day cliché at end wasextremely predictable and had me rolling my eyes, which I shouldn't bedoing the first time I watch a film.The blackout sounds like a much more interesting story than this.Caused by replicants? A solar flare? Was there a Trump two termpresidency in this universe?Robots reproducing and creating their own has already been cover inBattlestar Galactica, who did it in a more compelling fashion withcharacters and stakes I cared aboutPlus, how come Leto's character hasn't figured out on to get replicantsto reproduce? Why can't he produce them faster? How many has he killedbefore delivering a monologueSome of the visuals are stunning though lack depth or colour. Thefuture looks fairly boring in comparison to Bladerunner 1982, whichoffered some very unusual street shots and characters. One included aguy with a eagle on his head. Nothing to really catch the eye inBR2049. Why not have Rachel as leader of the rebellion instead of some randomperson the audience has no connection with. When the capture Deckard, why on earth wouldn't they kill K? How did K know how to find the car with Dekkard at the end? We don'tsee him doing any investigative work to discover this information,despite the long run time.They made a replicant clone of Rachel but get the eye colour wrong?Seriously?How heavy handed was the prejudice? No subtlety whatsoever. Jeepers,you spend all that money on effects but then go minimum wage on screenwriters. That sex scene reminded me of Ghost with all the syncing going on.Watching Whoopi do her thing was just as sexy as watching this scene,despite it having two incredibly attractive women present, along withRyan Gosling who is no slouch himself in the looks department.The replicant rebellion feels shoehorned in rather than something whichhas grown and developed organically. Need to take lessons from StarWars on how to introduce a rebel alliance story.The golden rule of cinema is broken here when they show/play clips froma much better film.Critics are only offering gushing praise for a film with considerableflaws because they don't wish to get caught out like the critics of 82.Back they, the critics hated it because they couldn't see the hiddendepth, this time they see depth that simply isn't there. Even one ofthe character says something along these lines to another.