BR2049 has more plot holes than emmental cheese and one big "plottwist" that I won't mention, not because it would spoil much, butbecause if you decide to watch this movie, you deserve to bedisappointed by its stupidity.The big "twist" is mentioned as the "miracle", but it is absolutelyidiotic and illogical from the point of view of a manufacturer ofreplicants. How did "that" might have ever be considered a good idea?One would assume that after the disaster of the Nexus 6 series, TyrellCo. and his successors would have invented some more reliable securitysystem - such as a lower level of self-consciousness, way safer thanthe questionable "obedience" of the Nexus 8. Or even something like allthe androids looking the same, so that they can be easily detected andyou would not need blade runners to locate and eliminate them.Anything that would provide humanity with useful, free labor withoutethical problems? But no, in this movie ethical problems just gotexponentially bigger. And so much for a science so advanced as toreproduce perfect bodies and minds...Besides, since it is established that humankind sucks, I failed tounderstand how replicants are in any way better, since they just wantto be more "like humans"?. On the visual side, BR2049 sucks, too. Looks like they used randomleftovers scenery from other Sci-Fi/disaster movies, from the overusedindustrial background of Terminator to the desertic blurred landscapeof MadMax and the inevitable nightmarish city-scape, which looks likeBlade Runner, but on cheap side. Costumes looks like the contemporarydrab clothing promoted by Nordic high street chains: lots of dark,cheap-looking leggings and stretchy tops, a far cry from the decadent,elaborate futuristic/retro suits of BR.In one scene, Deckard meets Tyrell's successor in a closed room filledwith water, except a square island in the middle. A room that has noother reason to exist except bringing back memories of the "original"Tyrell building.The dialog is unbelievable bad and scenes drag on forever. When theGoslin character finds Deckart, the two spend over ten minutes fightingand chasing each other, when a couple of lines of dialogue would haveavoided that. The ending is both manipulative and plagiarist: it wants to move theaudience, recreating the amazing poetic moment of Roy Batty's death,but using snow instead of rain. If nothing else, the ending would havebeen enough to put me off this piece of commercial garbage.