It hurts to write this review. It really does. Because this was one ofthe 2017 movie releases that had me filled with most anticipation andexcitement. I could not wait to see it as I had spent many hours in the80s and 90s re-watching the original Blade Runner with my oldersibling. I could not wait to see the dark post-apocalyptic, and verymagical poetry, from the predecessor being revived and brought to lifeyet again. But wow, what a let down. I see the 10/10 reviews on IMDband all I can think is 'did these people really watch the same film'... 'are they mistakenly reviewing the 80s film'??? Because BladeRunner 2049 is not worth 10 out of 10. It is so far from perfection, itis to be honest, a completely unnecessary sequel that I could have beenwithout.I don't like to give away plots because in case you haven't seen the BR2049 it might spoil what little intrigue this movie managed to whiskup. So I won't mention the first (and one of the few) 'hey, I didn'tsee that coming!' moments (which unfortunately comes along about5minutes into the film and then it drags until the next). As the plot SLOWLY (oh so slowly) unfolds we are supposed to be wowed Iguess. Gosling does his blade runner thing and stumbles upon a box,buried with some deep secrets. He then drives around (a lot) lookingfor clues and trying to crack this case. And the plot deepens,supposedly. So Gosling drives around some more. Talking (a lot oftalking) to a few characters, many of them with such stilted actingthat it leaves much to wish for. Seriously waiting for something toactually happen now! The original Blade Runner might not be classed as an action movie butthere are a few very memorable fight scenes that has stuck with me for30 years... Daryl Hannah posing as a doll for example - masterpiece andclassic scene! We get none of that in the sequel. Instead we get JaredLeto rambling and babbling and making me completely losing the thread,and the interest. By now I am looking at my watch wondering how longthere might be left of the movie. And this is only halfway in. Snooze.Turning to my fellow cinema goer, and whoops there you go, he isactually asleep in his seat. Not the work of a 10/10 movie I'll tellyou that!So on it goes. More driving. More talking. More clues. We get a fewexplosions and minor twists and turns. The only saving grace of themovie is the soundtrack. It is messing with your head all on its own,going from tranquil to a kick in the gut in seconds. Loved it. The scenery is alright. But if you have seen the original film thenthis one doesn't really add anything new. There is none of the wowfactors from seeing the dark and the grit, mixed with the futuristicAsian red light district feel, for the very first time in the 80s. Theydid it so well then. Now, well there's more neon lights and flyingcars. But we seen those before...So what else can I say... The movie drags on. Harrison Ford jumps intothe mix (too late but still a saving grace). We get a little bit ofaction. Jared Leto babbles some more. Futuristic car chase. Theconclusion draws near. And yep there it is, revealed in a quick 'Gosling puts the puzzlepieces together in his head while we get fast-paced jump cuts of whatwe have already seen in the movie' - and done. 2hours and 44 minuteslater the audience is served a lukewarm ending that screams BladeRunner part III. And that made me angry. The original movie ends withRutger Hauer's beautiful monologue in the rain. Now that is moviemagic. This, well this is the box office talking, or shouting in yourface rather. 4 out 10. And best acting performance goes to the dog!