This movie was so disappointing... I watched Blade Runner a few daysbefore seeing this one. What I enjoyed most about the original film was how immersive the wholeworld was. I think the costume and set designs were beautifully craftedand varied. I especially remember Pris's outfit at the Bradbury, Zora'sbloodied transparent coat and Rachel's outfits (her fur coat and squareshouldered jacket). Overall, details like this made the movie visuallychaotic and ultimately really unique (although some films like fifthelement have a similar wonky aesthetic)Anyways, the acting of the original film is ultimately pretty cheesyand very dated, but I think it's obvious that art director and variousdesigners were really trying hard to be creative and come up with areally unique look.(very mild spoiler ahead)This movie has bad acting with characters yelling in 2 second bursts toemphasize tense moments... and none of characters really stand out fromone another. The main character and his virtual girlfriend are crazilybland... The antagonist's side kick, Love, is just bland. If someoneasked me to sum up her character I'd just say she's mechanical andsomewhat cold. Pris, on the other hand, had a manipulative, childishand daring personality that is much clearer and consistent. And ofcourse, Roy Batty has the most developed personality out of both of thefilms. He is imposing, angry and ultimately very aware of what it meansto be human. While Zora never got much character development, even shehad this sort frantic and show-businessy personality... a much moretangible character than almost all the characters in 2049.On that note, 2049 had pretty good visuals at times. I especially likedthe design of the orphanage furnace room. The location felt reallylayered and cluttered, and the low lighting and lack of music were goodat building up the atmosphere. Some of the locations in the WallaceCorporation were really nice too.Finally, I felt let down by the music... It felt like a much lessemotional version of the original soundtrack by Vangelis, which was hasan eerie and foreboding quality to it.So, all in all, I'd say that this film suffered mostly because of thepoor writing for the characters, poor acting, and an underwhelmingstory that attempted to be epic.And before someone says 'it's a slow film, and people just want it tohave explosions and action every minute of the three hours', let mejust say I'm a fan of slower paced films like Porco Rosso, Amarcord,2001 Space Odyssey, Last Picture Show and so on... This is simply ahalf-hearted and uninspired film.