SPOILERS ALERT: The biggest difference between 1982 masterpiece andthis one is that in the first film everything is happening at a normalspeed. In original movie people talk like they talk in real life, theirmove at perfectly normal, every day, common speed, it doesn't take themforever to finish the sentence, or to shape out a thought, and yet...somehow it all works perfectly together.There's no way to know how will people (let alone robots) act or talkin thirty plus years, but if it is to be anything like in BR2049, Isuspect it will be a pretty bleak and exhausting world.From the moment one, everybody talks, walks, plays, runs in somesuper-strange slow-mo: I'd say at 50% of the normal speed. It takes 10seconds for poor Ryan Gosling only to take out something from hispocket. Not to say how long it takes him to walk through the scene - somuch that half way through, let's say, the orphanage part, I havealready forgotten what is he doing there in the first place.20 minutes into the movie, all I'm doing is wondering when this shot isgoing to end, when this scene is going to end, when the sequence will,and, ultimately, when the movie is going to end. This is not the way topay a homage, to anybody or anything.There is a reason why the shots in "2001 Odyssey..." are that long,somebody should've warned the director about that. And there's also areason why all shots in the original BR are that tight. And that's justone of the reasons to why both 2001 and BR are masterpieces. And forthat same reason, BR2049 could that never be.You don't drag out every single aspect of the movie just to make itseem serious or pretend to be an artist, no. If you do, you get veryexpensive, anemic boredom. I have no idea why the director did it - hehasn't done it in that fairly fair movie with Hugh Jackman. Whatpossessed him to do it here? Was it the importance of the first movie?Was it his fear to look like a schoolboy in front of the Master? Don'tknow, don't care.What a waste of great actors, class all - forcing them to engage insome sort of quasi elevated, quasi profound, but genuinely bizarreballet that has nothing, nothing, nothing to do with the real life. Themovie is three hours plus long only for the given reason - it wouldhave been an hour shorter if had played out at normal pace.Oh - and to end here - the biggest dread of all: a hint of a possiblefranchise. Please, please, please people, for the love of all that'sholly. Don't.