I went to see the film on the day of release, 5 October 2017, in analmost empty theatre. I loved the original Blade Runner, and had mixedfeelings about the prospect of a sequel. Denis Villeneuve had takenover directing from Ridley Scott, and I had admired the work he did onEnemy and Arrival, he seemed to be a good choice to helm this film, soI went in with an open mind.A few positive reviews for the film had appeared online in the lastdays before its release, but I had held off from reading more than acouple. Once I seen the film I went back and saw that many people werehailing it a 'masterpiece', 'the perfect sequel', or even 'better thanthe original'. I was really quite stunned by this, as I couldn't sharethe same enthusiasm for the film.So what can I say about the film? Don't worry, if you haven't seen itthere won't be any spoilers. It is a well made film, very ably directedby Denis Villeneuve. The main problem I had with it is that it isindebted to the first film in pretty much every way. The look of thefilm is largely recreating that of the 1982 original, the story is justa remix of the same themes and ideas from the original, and thesoundtrack is little more than an echo of Vangelis's memorable score.It was as if the film makers had taken the original and created a copy,quite ironic really.It made me think of art forgery. You could have 2 paintings side byside. One a Picasso, the other a forgery. They might look the same, andit does take undeniable skill to create a convincing forgery. But aforgery is totally devoid of originality, that is the differencebetween a masterpiece and a copy. All the positive reasons people gavein their reviews for the sequel lead back to the original.At the end of Ridley Scott's 1982 original film, Deckard and Rachelhead off together into an uncertain future. It was an open ending, butperfect for the story the film told. The uncertainties of life aresomething we have to live with as human beings, we didn't need to knowwhat happened next to those characters, what was important is that theyhad a future together.If you are a fan of the original, and haven't seen Blade Runner 2049yet, I would say to remember that what is seen cannot be unseen. Onceyou see the sequel you will never be able to go back and watch theoriginal without knowing what fate had in store for Deckard and Rachel,I think this is a great pity, and does a disservice to that film.Whose decision was it that we needed to have this sequel? Over the pastfew years Ridley Scott has been putting out unnecessary prequels toAlien, so I can't help but think he is responsible. It is now just overa week since the sequel came out and there are reports that it is abox-office flop. Some comments I have read said that this happened tothe original film too. Maybe, but I think for different reasons. Theoriginal was way ahead of its time, and it took time for people tocatch up appreciate it. This sequel was a film that I don't think therewas any real demand for, and although the levels of hype are high, Ithink in time people we see the film for what it really is.