Don't believe the lying shills rating this a ten out of ten. Theoriginal Blade Runner is a masterpiece. This film is not. It onlydeserves a six, but I loved the original so I gave it a seven. Myreview will compare both films and it contains **spoilers**.First up its pacing. This film is actually much slower than theoriginal, adding up to two hours and forty three minutes of mindnumbing boredom. I love slow paced films provided there's enough dramaand tension. The first Blade Runner film has long pauses, but itsjustified. The silence swells toward sudden violence or it occursbecause a character is gnawing over a great line of dialog they've justheard or are about to express. So what makes a slow paced filmentertaining? The solution is information provided at the right time.The first film immediately tells us that replicants are murderousoutlaws. We see one commit murder. Some are hiding here on Earth in LosAngeles and Dekkard is forced to detect and kill them. All thatinformation is given to the audience within the first few minutes. Sowhen Dekkard is wandering through crowded streets of futuristic LA, wethe audience are afraid for him, because any one of them could be amurderous replicant. Dear Ridley Scott repeat after me: Informationcreates tension.This newer film instead begins with long drawn out scenes of dullaimless searching and investigating. Since no villain shows up untilthe last hour, there's no reason for the hero to actually hurry or feelafraid. When the boring pace finally speeds up toward the end, you'reso bored out of your skull, you forgot why anyone is doing anything andyou no longer care or even notice what the film thinks is a stunningtwist.Those shill reviewers are glowing about its photography. Compared toits budget, the photography is below standard. There are rare nicemoments. Seeing the fusion powered spinners (those flying cars) againwas nice nostalgia, but far too many albeit pretty shots of -- nothinghappening -- rendered the plot all the more irrelevant.Now for the production design. The indoor set designs were poor,telling us very little about the world this film is set in. The"production value" looks cheap. I don't mean that in a cheap sleazyfilm noir way (no that would have been cool), I mean that I don't knowwhere they spent the 185million budget, because only a fraction of thatwas spent on the sets. Two things did work. The voice comp device hasbeen updated reminiscent of 1984 (the Orwell film starring John Hurt)and there is a Total Recall (the original not the remake) styleartificial Female hologram character that is programmed to love K (RyanGosling). Interesting, but hardly ground breaking, while the originalfilm was ground breaking in too many ways to mention here. The close uplong lens shots in the original made the grimy futuristic streets ofLos Angeles really look and feel like a crowded claustrophobic sleazypoverty stricken hellhole. Such a lens also gives size to any characterin the foreground making Ford look all the more epic.This film used wider lenses and so the pent up tension of the originalstreet scenes is non existent. In fact very rarely does it ventureoutside into the streets, so that we cannot breathe in the human polityas easily as we did in the original. The original film had real lightemanating from miniature buildings, vehicles and advertising. I'm sorrybut computer generated light just doesn't behave like real light does.Real light goes where it wants. The human eye cannot be fooled. SydMead is a genius. But looking at this film makes me think he wasn'tgiven the power he needed to bring out this film's potential. Itactually looks like some hack is trying to copy him. This makes me feelsad to write that. His work on Elysium (2013) was far superior.And now the acting. Gosling plays it straight (and glum) as he did inthe pretty to look at but boring Bangkok crime flick Only God Forgives.There is a plot reason for this, but his dull acting compounds thismovie's languid pace. There's not enough of Harrison Ford, who onlyshows up in the last hour (maybe less?). Jared Leto's monologues arejust awful. Its not his fault. He's miscast and badly written.Like Mead, Philip K Dick is a genius too, both films are inspired byhis literary masterwork "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep". Thisfilm didn't delve deep enough, barely scratching the intellectualsurface. Since many of his concepts are incredibly visually rich thatjust compounds the cinematic failure here. Should you go and see this? If you're a fan of the original, I thinkyou should. The story ends in a way that sets things up for anotherBlade Runner movie which I hope will actually be entertaining. This film is meant to be a science fiction noir film, but it has littleof the intelligence we expect from science fiction and none of thecrime solving tension that is required of film noir. It lacked thebrutal immediacy of the original nexus 6 villains the first one had inspades. It lacked the tense cat and mouse hunting game that made theoriginal so intense, a race where the lead changed more than once. Itjust isn't as clever as its, at times pretty visuals and constantlyobnoxious soundtrack, pretends it to be.Instead we get a self important bloated fatware art-house snoozefestthat is bleak, boring and about as intellectually deep as counterfeitartificial snake skin.