Beautiful and empty Bladerunner 2049 is the needless squeal to the1980s classic.Set 30+ years after the events of the first film we meet Ryan Goslingcontinuing in the Bladerunner tradition of shooting robots. Along theway, he discovers a great secret that might change the social order ofa world that is made up of humans and they're purpose built slaves.All of that was covered in the first 20 minutes of the film by the way.Skip ahead to the 3rd act, grumpy Harrison Ford shows up and, well,that's about it.Leaving the theatre my wife and I tried to decide just why Bladerunnerleft us both feeling so indifferent to it's existence. She had neverseen the first film, I had, but our feelings were the same. Bladerunneris great to look at and I appreciated the nods to the original, but, itbecame quickly apparent our apathy stemmed from the fact nothing muchhappens in this movie.Office K's (Gosling) investigation into a missing person moves atsnails pace and none of the people we meet along the way are asinteresting as the scenery around them. One example is Wallace (JaredLeto) the new Tyrell and the main villain of the film. His speeches aredull and only go to serve the plot, he leaves all of his seriousevilness to his sidekick while he stays home sporting a handicap whichmust be a desired physical affectation considering how easily it couldbe treated in his time.The main theme in both Bladerunner movies is one day the slaves willcast off their chains and be free. Sure, there's stuff about love andself-awareness but these are side issues that have been exploredelsewhere to better effect. The main focus of 2049 is humanity needs anindentured underclass to do its heavy lifting and either you are for itor against it and that is a pretty thin premise for a movie this long.Late in the film Officer K sits on a deck chair staring out over anirradiated city. He looks like a man lost, not knowing where to gonext. This moment is the perfect metaphor for Bladerunner 2049. All ofit's surprises are revealed too early on leaving both the audience andcharacters to mull over the same obvious of choices for the rest of themovie.A wasted opportunity.