There's a lot to like about this movie. Ryan Gosling gives a fantasticperformance, both nuanced and surprisingly emotional. The action, whenthere is action, is well filmed and brutal and fun to watch. The CGI ispretty much flawless, and I'm not joking when I say that while watchingthis movie, you'll think you're watching a real world. The film isinteresting, it's well shot, well directed, it's visually stunning,it's pretty, and the score is very thrilling. But as a whole, thismovie is just so god da*n boring. Look, I like slow paced movies, but this film is beyond slow paced.It's brain dead. It's literally like watching a person with no arms andlegs try to crawl across a football field. I won't lie, at first Iliked this slow pace because it built up a lot of tension, a lot ofmystery, a lot of suspense, and I assumed that eventually the filmwould kick into high gear; it never did. The pace remains constantthroughout the entire run time of this movie. It's excruciatingly slow.The movie is almost 3 hours long, and it feels like 6. I couldn't waitfor this movie to end, I mean by the end of the movie I expected tolook in the mirror and see that I aged 65 years. And also, the film is also overly convoluted. I'm not saying that thisis a confusing film, because it's not; in fact, it's prettystraightforward and easy to follow. It just simply felt like this moviewas convoluted for the sake of it being convoluted. At the time ofwatching everything felt important. I had to pee so badly the entiremovie but I didn't want to get up because I felt like everything I waswatching was super important. However, only after viewing do I realizethat there were so many scenes that were totally unnecessary, that werethere only to make the movie longer, more bloated, and moreself-important.Unfortunately, there's just not much else to say. This is a simplemovie, and it gets a simple review. Look, I wanted to give this a highscore, but I just couldn't, and I don't understand why other people arebecause this movie is simply not enjoyable or entertaining. Yes, it'swell made, a feast for the eyes and ears, but that doesn't make it agood film; it makes it a well directed and produced film, but not agood one.