I never was one of those people asking for a Blade Runner sequel. Nowthat Blade Runner 2049 is out, my position still stands. This film issimply a massive letdown and nothing more.The year is 2049 and the world has grown in technology, but nothumanity. Ryan Gosling plays K, a Blade Runner (a futuristic cop)tasked with tracking down the last of the Replicants-androids that looklike humans. Knowing that he himself is a replicant, he goes on ajourney of his own when he finds a box containing the bones of aReplicant who gave birth to a child and is tasked with finding thechild. Little does he know that the new head of the Tyrell Corporationthat makes the Replicants, Mr. Wallace (Jared Leto), plans to use themissing child for his own purposes and kill K if he has to.My main problem with the film is that it was unforgivably boring. Thefilm is two hours and forty-five minutes long, which is already enoughto test one's patience (and bladder), but it feels so deliberatelypaced; the characters almost always move so slow, that it feels likethe filmmakers thought that it was the best way to pad out the runningtime, despite having not enough material to justify it.The performances range from great to laughable. Harrison Ford is hardlyin the movie, and his inclusion is clearly a marketing ploy, but hegives the best performance in his brief running time and he feels likea continuation of his character from the original, Deckard, in a worldwhere things have just gotten worse. Gosling isn't bad as K, and hisstone-face actually is pretty effective in a couple of scenes, butRutger Hauer in the original gave his Replicant character more of apersonality. Leto is trying and failing to bring a degree of menace asthe villain, and his female Replicant sidekick competes with him in thefield of phoning it in.What else shocked me was how unsubtle the film was. The original wasnot only a futuristic crime noir that had Harrison Ford's Deckardchasing down androids, but also a personal journey involving himselfand Rutger Hauer as the villain that involved trying to find a degreeof humanity in such a futuristic world, and that maybe, Deckard is areplicant himself. Here, the story is mainly of Gosling trying to cometo terms with the fact that he is a Replicant and what it means interms of his humanity. Whereas in the original, there were subtlesigns, images, and bits of dialogue that hinted at Deckard's purpose inthe original, everything is spelled out for the audience to the pointthat old bits of dialogue are repeated thrice at important moments. Itdoesn't respect the audience's intelligence at all. The first and finalthirds of the film are mainly filled with dialogue that is basicallyspeeches that preach ideas about conflict and the ethics of machines,but hardly any of it is explored in an interesting fashion. What'sworse, the film feels so empty and devoid that for a time, I forgotwhat K's objective was.What I will say is that the cinematography is beautiful. There are alot of colorful images with ancient ruins and futuristic tech in thebackground and foreground that could easily pass as being part of anart gallery. The only downside is that there is too much gray in someshots and it feels too clean compared to the original.Why Warner Brothers and Sony wasted their time making this film, I haveno clue. Maybe it was Ridley Scott's fault. After being unimpressedwith his Alien: Covenant earlier this year (and was also quite thesnooze-fest), watching this only proved to me further that Scott justdoesn't care about good filmmaking anymore. Denis Villeneuve is clearlyan ambitious director, but his style didn't feel completely right forthis film. Clearly, in a film that tries so desperately to say muchmore humanity than its predecessor, it comes out feeling empty andfeels less human than the original did.P.S. A lot of people have accused me of being too shallow and wantingthis film to be more action packed. I do not have that mindset. I enjoyfilms that take their time as much as the next film enthusiast, butthis one just didn't do enough to justify what it was aiming for. I'mnot ashamed in expressing my opinion. Just let me be clear onsomething: going at a slow, deliberate pace and speaking lines ofpreachy dialogue does not, I repeat, does not equal intelligence. Thepositive reviews baffle me, especially on Rotten Tomatoes. Sony ownsthe company, which leads me to think that maybe it bribed more than afew critics in the hopes that more people would see it. Clearly, thatis backfiring and I'm happy that people are rejecting it.