I've only seen the original Blade Runner once and it was a long timeago. I liked it but I just haven't got around to revisiting it. Imention this because even though I'm not a die-hard fan of BladeRunner, I still found the plot of 2049 engrossing. It's a well puttogether mystery, I found that they constantly took the plot inunexpected directions and other than the trailer spoiling the return ofDeckard, I was always excited about what was going to happen next. Themovie pulls an excellent bait and switch at the end that reallysurprised me. They made the right decision to not repeat the formula ofthe first one and take the story to a new place. They also create somecompelling subplots which is something that few movies get right.The biggest star of this movie is the cinematography and the excellentwork of Roger Deakins. The original was noteworthy with the specialenvironment that Ridley Scott and his creative team brought to thescreen. That was continued here if not improved upon. The look of L.A.in 2049 they decided to go with isn't completely distinct but it was alittle more understated (I'd compare it to the 2017 Ghost in the Shellbut less fantastical). My favourite scene might have been a shootout ina defunct club where the lighting and the background show are turningon and off. I don't hesitate to praise when a movie looks good but thisis an exemplary example of using visuals and atmosphere to help buildon a strong story.Blade Runner 2049 returns very few of the characters from the originalfilm but they manage to breathe life into this movie through the newones they created. Officer K isn't the most lively protagonist but hegets an eye-opening character arc that kept me involved. Deckarddoesn't appear till later in the movie but he remains interesting andwhat they decide to do with him makes his appearance worthwhile. I alsoreally liked some of the smaller supporting characters. Sapper reallyhelps kick off the movie, what Joi represents is extremely emotionaland Mariette is so mysterious that her involvement brings up more andmore questions. Add in that Niander Wallace and Luv make for prettymenacing villains and you have a pretty well-rounded and fascinatingscript.I don't think that the actors/actresses will be the focal point of theawards attention that this movie will get but that doesn't mean therearen't exemplary performances. Gosling is good as K, he's deliberatelyrobotic and he accomplishes a lot through his subtlety. Harrison Fordisn't in the movie as much as I wanted him to be (he's still one of myall-time favourite actors) but he holds up his end. He works withGosling well and they have a solid rapport. Surprisingly, I reallyliked Sylvia Hoeks. She stole a lot of her scenes and I thought she wasgreat even acting against a stacked cast. Dave Bautista showed he has alot more range than people give him credit for. Jared Leto is in a veryJared Leto role (deliberately weird and hard to understand) but he doesit well and although he might be a little creepy, the guy is still agreat actor. I also want to credit Ana de Armas, she was distinctlywarm and she showed a lot more emotion than I had seen from herpreviously.There were points in this movie I could have rated this a 9/10 but somesmall things that I had to dock the movie for. Even with a compellingstory, the movie has such a long run time that it couldn't help butdrag. There are certain scenes where the movie wants you to reallydrink in the environment but they could have edited it a littletighter. They also couldn't help but lose me at points through how muchartistic flair the utilize. Villenueve is an authority in this area andwhile I appreciate an artistic approach to this science fiction tale,for me they overdid it a little.I was surprised how much I ended up liking Blade Runner 2049. I thinkif you're a big fan of the original, you'll love this to bits. This issuccessful in bringing in the uninitiated but I think fans will enjoythis even more. I haven't been on board for all of Villenueve's filmsbut this is a good combination of his artistic style with enough of acommercial element for the masses. I'd give this somewhere between an8-9 but with the extremely long run time, I'll give this an 8/10.