I was super excited to see this film. I distinctly remember at the endof watching Deadpool Ryan Reynolds turning to the camera and saying,"What, you waiting for Sam Jackson to show up?" And that got methinking: how cool would it be for that to actually happen? And guesswhat! It happened!There's just a few catches to this dream team however.The comedy is, for the most part, on point. I know comedy is subjective(though in reality, it's just whatever makes you laugh is subjective),so this movie isn't going to be for everyone. If you don't like lots ofcursing, this is not the movie for you. But if you remember all of SamJackson's best moments (ENOUGH IS ENOUGH... SAY WHAT AGAIN... you know,the usual), this movie's got some of the best. He's got a genuinecharacter outside of saying mothaf-ah a literal ton of times, and whenhe's funny, he's hilarious. Ryan Reynolds complements him perfectly.There's a scene midway through where Sam Jackson is in a populated areashooting at Russian agents... no context... and Reynolds is justtalking to a dude behind a counter about Jackson's life. Acting allcasual while the background is just in utter chaos. It's hilarious!Thankfully the movie is funny enough to carry everything else. Thereare a few serious problems that prevent me from loving it even more.The plot is easy to follow, but it felt more as an excuse to tell greatjokes. You can just tune it out and enjoy this movie as aroadtrip-comedy between the two actors. But the plot is trying way toohard in the background. Sirius Black/Commissioner Gordon is a Russiandictator who's in court because of his heinous crimes. And Jackson isthe only person with evidence. Despite this, the only reason Black isin the court is because he killed several hundred people who disagreedwith his ideas of running the country. So the only reason the trial isgoing his way is because there's a lack of evidence. Apparently there'sa whole website that only Jackson has access to that shows all thebodies of the people he's killed. No one could hack into this website?No one could call him and ask for the password? He absolutely has to bethere to testify? Okay.A few more issues before we wrap up. There's one really obvious revealmidway through the film. It's so obvious that I audibly groaned whenthey revealed it. I won't say anything, go watch this film to know.Sometimes a joke goes a bit too far. They make a joke, and they couldend the scene. But then it goes on for a few seconds more and they tryand make another joke before the scene ends. Like in jail withJackson's wife, there's an inmate who cowers in the corner. They couldend the scene with her cowering. But no, the girl then farts. Myaudience erupted with laughter... I just kinda stared.This isn't a movie for everyone. I can tell that a lot of people mightnot like this, and this is fine. But for me, it did everything I hadto: I laughed and laughed and laughed. If you're interested in thispower couple, go right ahead and watch it.