Today we look at a film if you mix Ryan Reynolds and Samuel Jackson ina 007+John Wick situation. The results are absolutely hilarious andextremely fun. This film proves that experimentation is the key tomaking fresh and exciting films. The story plays out like your typical007 film. Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds) who is what he calls himself a"Former Triple A Protection Agent" has to escort an infamous hit-man,Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson) to his Testimony at theInternational Court of Law to prevent the corrupt Russian presidentfrom getting back in power. But what really makes the plot shine is itscharacters. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson absolutely nail theirroles as respective former triple A protection agent and foul mouthedhit-man and their opposite chemistry is responsible for many of thefilm's funniest moments from their banter in-between action to full onshouting during the action. This proves that opposites can reallyattract in certain situations. Diegetic sound is used in an excellentmanner in this film. Guns sound beefy and whenever someone gets shotyou really feel the impact of the shot as they are appropriately usedin this film with the right dosage of blood and pain. This filmabsolutely deserves its 15 rating. Cinematography is also usedeffectively in this film even during the non-action scenes of the film.Just by looking at the environment around us at the beginning whenwe're introduced to Michael, we get the feeling that he is a verysuccessful "Triple A Protection Agent." Many shot types were used whichhelp to portray Michael's character as well as Darius' when we find outabout his backstory as well. But the camera worked during the actionscenes as well because there was the right amount of tracking of bothMichael and Darius when each individual needed the camera the most andthere was rarely a lot of filler. With remarkable characters, greatcinematography, sound and smart funny dialogue, The Hit-man's Bodyguardis a wild and funny ride for lovers of both comedy and action films.