Everybody loves actors, they are essentially the face of the filmindustry and many are role models in their own right. Actor's play ahuge factor in marketing a blockbuster film to an audience, and in somecases, they are the only thing the film can use to market itself? Wellaside from genre of course. The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a film verysimilar to 2016's Passengers starring Jennifer Lawrence and ChrisPratt. Both films seemed like nothing more than an excuse to get theirtwo lead actors in the same room. Whereas Passengers had an acclaimeddirector at the helm and got moderate to mixed reviews, The Hit- man'sBodyguard solely relies on the talent of its stars, Ryan Reynolds andSamuel L. Jackson, and offers little more than their persona'scomically clashing with one another.Reynolds and Jackson are two of the best actors at delivering insultcomedy, but they are simply the performers of their material, not thewriters of it. The Hit-man's Bodyguard seems to have mistaken Reynoldsand Jackson for professional writers or impressionists, as the film'sattempt at comedy feels more like a prompt sheet they gave the twoleads, hoping they could work it into something funny through theirfantastic on screen chemistry. But Reynolds didn't write Deadpool andJackson didn't write Pulp Fiction, they just executed other people'swork with outstanding comedic flare. The film's script simply putsswear words into normal sentences, hoping that because it's Samuel L.Jackson's voice saying "motherf*cker", it will be funny? Well, itisn't, except to the one lady in my cinema who even found the seriousterrorist attacks hilarious. This uninspired approach to comedy isfrankly annoying, as it leaves the actors with nothing to work with andhaving to make the screenwriter look good. The film's story is alsopretty cliché so I don't really know what the screenwriter was paid todo honestly? This film had and still does have, so much potential withits paradoxical title, if only this idea was given to filmmakers whowere able to find that potential and live up to it, rather than sitback when Reynolds and Jackson walk into the room. But then again thefilm is making money so guess they played the game right.This film is also rather confusing as to what it wants to be at times.We don't really know any of the characters in this film, even though avery slight attempt is made with Ryan Reynolds and Elodie Yung, and SamJackson is given a fair bit of backstory. The film flashbacks toJackson's past as he tells stories of his past, but when the time comesfor that to be relevant it's completely glossed over and forgottenabout, same goes for Reynolds motivation of his triple-A rating... Hewent on about it enough for Christ's sake, someone give the man his Goddamn rating back... The film introduces certain aspects only to forgetabout, or gloss over them, later in the film once they change theirmind on what they want to focus on. The Hit-man's Bodyguard all of asudden gets caught up in love and characters romantic relationships,because romance is essential for any blockbuster movie, the guy has toget the girl in the end right? To be honest I didn't care about thatand wished they stayed more focused on the main story at play hererather than trying to turn it into a soppy love story.Which brings me to the pace and direction of the film, it's fine.Patrick Hughes improves upon his last movie, The Expendables 3. Thefilm is shot better as the action scenes are rather fun at times,especially one that starts in a kitchen and ends in a home depot. Theaction in this movie is actually decent and way better than I expected,hence why I believe it should have been a straight-up action film,rather than padding its runtime with comedic failure. Patrick Hugheshas a thing for blowing up cars in this film. I'm not sure why, butnevertheless a drinking game lies within that. Although the actionscenes are shot rather well, the film does, however, feel ratherrushed. As I said the action is decently shot and fast paced, but thecombination of action scenes and how the film is edited as a whole,doesn't make you feel any urgency but instead makes you feel the film'shurry to end.Overall, The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a very forgettable action comedythat relies entirely on its cast. The action is shot well and isenjoyable to watch, but the whole film feels rushed, lacking in a clearfocus and tries too hard, or not hard enough, to be funny. The film isneither bad or good, it's just a dose of Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L.Jackson, as well as Gary Oldman, who for some reason isn't used tomarket this film?? If all you want to see is Samuel L. Jackson and RyanReynolds awkwardly sing battle each other in a car, then I guess you'rein luck.