The Hit-man's Bodyguard is a film directed by Patrick Hughes. Iactually had no expectations while watching the film because of theRotten Tomatoes' reviews. Then some of my friends happen to watch thisfilm and said the film was quite entertaining, which increased myinterest into watching this film. And after watching it, I can say thattheir statement was definitely true.Plot: Micheal Byers has to protect his former enemy hit-man DariusKincaid from the assassins of Vladisav Dukhovich.Story and Direction: Patrick Hughes is infamous for directingExpendables 3 (which I personally didn't like). But Patrick hasdefinitely improved from that time. And this film is a very definiteproof of that. This film makes me remember my favorite genre ofaction-comedy films of the 80's which has suddenly gone lost. Thechemistry between Kincaid and Byers is the one to watch out for. Fromtheir first meeting only, the film was a laugh riot. The action scenesare good. I was very impressed by most of the stunt work. As for flawsin this film, there is basically nothing new. I mean that, it doesn'thave it's own unique identity. And some of the VFX in this filmactually looked fake. Which kind of irritates me a bit. And also, wehave the villain who basically does nothing. He just sits behind achair and gives orders. But with these flaws, also I found it quite anenjoyable watch.Acting: Ryan Reynolds was great as the bodyguard. In each scene, youare with his character. Sam Jackson was par excellence. When he entersany scene, he basically just kills it. Each time a profanity used tocome out of his mouth, I was bursting out of laughter. Gary Oldman wasnot used much in this film. But for how much screen presence was givento him, I liked it. Salma Hayek was another one of the highlights ofthis film. I was liking her presence in the film. Elodie Yung was justOK.Favorite Scene: The scene where Kincaid tells how he met his wife. Imean the slow music, Sam Jackson's expressions and Salma Hayek'saggressive-ness were all to look out in this scene.Verdict: The film is a very enjoyable watch like I just said. If you gointo this film expecting you will get something out of this world,please do avoid it. This film is a stress-buster.I am going with a 7.5/10