'VALERIAN AND THE CITY OF A THOUSAND PLANETS': Four Stars (Out of Five)A big-budget science-fiction French action movie, from writer/directorLuc Besson. It's based on the French sci-fi comic book series 'Valerianand Laureline' (which debuted in 1967), from writer Pierre Christin andillustrator Jean-Claude Mezieres. The film tells the story of twospecial space agents, Valerian and Laureline, who must stop an unknowninvading force from wiping out the planet Alpha (a home for speciesfrom a thousand different worlds). The movie stars Dane DeHaan, CaraDelevingne, Clive Owen, Herbie Hancock, Kris Wu, Rihanna, Ethan Hawkeand Rutger Hauer. It was made on a budget of $180 million, which wasall funded by Besson himself (through his own funds, andcrowd-sourcing), making it the biggest budgeted indie film of all time(as well as the highest budgeted French film). It needs to make $350million (worldwide) in order to make a profit (Besson says), andjustify a sequel, and it's gotten mostly positive (to slightly aboveaverage) reviews from critics so far. I found the story, and leadcharacters, to be a little bit dull, but the amazing alien worldcreated by Besson, and the visuals, are absolutely stunning! The story takes place primarily on the planet Alpha, where species froma thousand different planets live together in peace. Special agentsValerian (DeHaan) and Laureline (Delevingne) are tasked with protectingAlpha, by taking down law offenders that threaten to harm the peace. Atthe same time Valerian professes his love for Laureline, and hedesperately tries to get her to reciprocate the feeling. When anunknown alien force threatens not only Alpha, but the entire universe,Valerian and Laureline are forced into their greatest adventuretogether yet.The vast fantastical world Besson has created (on screen in this movie)is as impressive as some of the best science fiction films ever made(including Besson's own 'THE FIFTH ELEMENT', if you consider that oneof the best). The special effects are also at least some of this year'sbest. I was really into the film too, for the first half of it'srunning length, and then I slowly started to lose interest, until itbecame a bit of a bore at the end. I still have to give it a positiverecommendation though, for what Besson does accomplish with the film(especially for an indie movie), and I know I would have adored it as akid. I'm not familiar with the comic book though, so I don't have anyidea what fans of it will think, but I'd still recommend seeing it onthe big screen (in 3D, like I did) just for the fun of the visuals.Watch our latest 'MOVIE TALK' movie review here:https://vimeo.com/226190246