With good CGI and an interesting take on The Vulture, but extremelycringy jokes forced in seemingly every line of dialogue, bad acting byeveryone except Keaton and Holland, and the inexplicable reason to haveIron Man & his tech dominate a film that isn't even his (and makeSpider-Man seem weak/dependent). SM: Homecoming is disappointing. 4/10... *Spoilers* (Compensating for shockingly overrated reviews)I don't want it to seem like I'm a hater. I love Spider-Man. He's myfavorite Marvel hero and one of the first ones I ever followed as akid. But, that doesn't mean I can just ignore this very flawed film,especially when critics are unfairly over-inflating reviews for Marvelmovies again (literally every one gets 90%+ when maybe 1/3 of themdeserve that high.. fishy) and even mentioning it in the same sentenceas "greatest superhero film ever" when in reality, it's not even thebest Spider-Man movie.Let's start with the bad. First, the jokes. Literally almost every lineof dialogue in the movie had extremely cringy jokes forced in centeringaround immature and stupid things like puberty, Larb (you'll understandonce you see it), male body parts (repeatedly, Flash is soooo cleverwith that joke man), pretend-hugging to open doors, and Zendaya'shipster girl hating on everything & flicking off the camera for noreason. I understand Peter's in High School, but the jokes wereINSULTINGLY juvenile & unbearable even by MCU's joke standards (whichhave been bad). I really want to like Marvel's movies and do for manyof them like Civil War and Winter Soldier, but I cannot explain thisweird trend they've been on recently to kill their own movies withoverloaded humor and make the movies jokes instead of art.Also, the acting and characters except for Michael Keaton and TomHolland were just horrible. Usually don't go into superhero moviesexpecting Oscar-level acting unless it's The Dark Knight, but this wasso bad I felt the need to point it out. Spider-Man's overly giddy bestfriend is annoying and overdone in superhero movies, while every othersupporting character like Zendaya's hipster girl who hates everything,Flash Thompson who is completely miscast, and Aunt May who peoplebizarrely crush over are dull, uninteresting, and badly acted.Next, the one I came into the theater fearing the most: Iron Man andhis tech DOMINATED the movie when it's not even his. I like Iron Man,but his forced shoehorning into a movie he had no business being in wasa hated decision by many from the beginning (myself included), but wasworse than I thought it'd be. He, Happy, and his tech in the suitliterally make up 3/4 of the movie, so much that it's made to seem likeSpider-Man is weak and dependent on Stark's tech when in the comics hedoesn't have an ounce of that sophisticated tech. Also, he is belittledby Tony constantly, a fact that as a Spider-Man fan, I find absolutelyinfuriating when Spider-Man is Marvel's best/most recognizable hero.Finally, the film is riddled with plot holes, action scenes not nearlyas wowing as other superhero films, and forced diversity. Spoilers-E.g., how could aunt May not see Peter's suit when he reveals to Nedfor the first time and puts it on the ground when she walks in? Also,the movie begins after Avengers in 2012, then jumps "8 years" to 2020but is after Civil War in 2016??.. The diversity in the movie is sooverly forced to copy WW's praised real diversity that it ends uprubbing off the wrong way like it's a last-second afterthought toincrease box office #'s instead of cleverly working it in. Every singlecouple in the movie is biracial, which is cheating diversity-wise asit's the easiest by FAR to write in. Finally, there were sequences thatwere just dumb, like the selfie video sequence that lasted a good 15minutes in the beginning of the film. While there was a tornado of cons, I looked for positives too. Therewere bright spots. For one, the new suit looks great. Having an All-CGIsuit was actually a good idea as it came out beautifully, even if Ihate how they made it too tech-based. The CGI throughout the film wasadmittedly good as well, especially in Vulture's case, although with aninsane budget like this movie had, that should be a given instead of anachievement. Holland was a good Spider-Man, although he sometimesoverplayed the role by talking too much.Also, Michael Keaton as The Vulture was great. Keaton is a gifted actor(Batman!) and gives a new light to a previously cheesy villain andmakes him likable. His character was well fleshed-out and his take onthe character fascinating, which is why he should be even more upsetthe rest of the movie did not perform to his level.Overall, I came in wanting to love this movie as much as I loved theoriginals, but was very disappointed. Convinced there is somethinggoing on here as I cannot possibly explain how the MCU gets 90's everytime from critics, influencing the public perception into wanting toagree based on the basic psychological want to agree with people ofperceived higher authority like critics instead of thinkingdifferently.Raimi's Spider-Man 2 = still the best Spider-Man film by almost EVERYmetric of cinema.Most Memorable Moment: Plane-side Spider-Man vs Vulture fightPros: Good CGI and a great Spider-Man suit, good performance by Hollandalthough occasionally overacted, great performance by KeatonCons: Extremely cringy jokes forced in seemingly every line ofdialogue, bad acting and characters except Holland/Keaton, Iron Man andhis tech dominate Spider-Man's movie and make him seem weak/dependent,plot holes, forced diversity by lazily making every couple biracialinstead of writing in cleverly, action scenes not as wowing as previousMCU entriesRating: 4/10