Spider-Man: Homecoming is probably the worst Spider-Man movie yet. Iwould have to go back and watch the terrible Amazing Spider-Man rebootsand compare to really give a definitive answer. There is so much wrong with this movie that I don't even know where tobegin. Sitting in the theater I kept thinking and sighing to myselfgoing "Man this movie is horrible". I kept waiting for it to pick upbut it never did. One of the main problems (like I see some have posted on here) is IronMan. There is absolutely no reason for him to be in this movie to me. Ihate that he gave Spider-Man his suit, which is basically a spandexIron Man suit. Spider-Man or Spider-Boy can't save a ferry boat full ofpeople, Iron Man has to show up and save everyone. We have to watchSpider-Boy whine and complain to his fat annoying friend about Iron Manthroughout almost the entire movie. Iron Man is here to substituteUncle Ben basically and help Spider-Man get back to making money at thebox office again.The characters in the movie are annoying as HELL. Peter's fat annoyingfriend who is constantly asking him stupid questions. Flash Thompson,who I hope they aren't planing on turning into Venom because the actorthey have here is worse than the one from Spider- Man 3. Flash Thompsonis weirdly obsessed with Peter, there is a scene where he runs pastPeter and slaps him on the ass...you do the math. Mary Jane or MJ orMichelle (I guess she is the new Mary Jane) is a weird, hipster likechick who hates everything and is also weirdly obsessed with Peter.Michael Keaton is cool as the Vulture but they give him little to doreally up until the end. Even Spider- Man himself was annoying. This is a typical MCU movie so you pretty much know what you are goingto get. All these different superheros, with different stories andbackgrounds to tell and Marvel continues to keep this same, tired andoverdone formula they have been using forever. Full of cheesy andunfunny FORCED jokes that are extremely overdone. Somehow critics lovethis and rate these movies high as if they haven't seen it just a fewmonths ago in Guardians of the Galaxy 2. No memorable action sequenceslike from Spider-Man 1,2, or even 3. A villain or villains that aren'tworth a damn (typical MCU) and a basic story that never really goesanywhere. A twist that even Stevie Wonder could have seen coming. Avery weak Spider-Man movie that doesn't get me excited to see the nextchapter or even the Spider-Man character anymore because they justcan't seem to get him right anymore.