Several months after the events of Captain America: Civil War, PeterParker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance hislife as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City whilefighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat,the Vulture, emerges. Spider-Man: Homecoming is what a 2nd rebootshould look and feel like and personally as much as i liked those'Amazing Spider-Man' Movies i would definitely pick this one over those2 films. Tom Holland's portrayal is a little bit more closer to thecomics from tone, to humor to everything plus every time he goes toSchool and he does things like talking to Ned about building the LegoDeath Star or about Spider-Man and basically nerd stuff or school stuffyou as a viewer you can relate to this kid and i found myself relate toPeter Parker he is a nerd, he is awkward and makes other people aroundhim either mad or just makes them laugh. Now the important stuff aboutHomecoming is if the villain is actually you know? good? Well i'll tellyou this The Vulture is not just a great villain but the best one sofar just those 5 first minutes of the film make total sense of why thisguy chose the crime life and why it's important for him to succeed hismission plus Michael Keaton once again he knocked it out of the park hewas an amazing Batman, an amazing Birdman and now an amazing Vulture imean the guy delivers a great performance in everything that he doesplus he is the only actually scary looking villain of the Entire MCU,Shocker is also in the film but he doesn't get to do much i guess wewill see more of him in the Near Future so just relax it's still wayearly to judge him, Flash Thompson was also quite good and TonyRevolori really surprised me a lot cause i was very much against thatcasting at first but i was very blown away by the guy i mean it's adifferent Spider-Man so we need a different Flash too right? Anotheractor that surprised me as well was Marisa Tomei as Aunt May and sureshe is very young to play the part but do you honestly really care atthis point? You just want to see every single character get justice andyou do get that. Jacob Batalon and Zendaya also surprised me a lot andthey were both super funny especially Jacob some of his lines are superfunny. Laura Harrier who plays Liz also portrays the character in adifferent way and personally i did liked her a lot as Peter'sGirlfriend. Iron Man and Happy also make a return and their just asgood as they where back in 2008 when we first met them because let'sface it there's no way that RDJ can disappoint as Iron Man and then wehave our breaking star Tom Holland a.k.a Peter Parker/Spider-Man thiskid was just terrific and full of so much freaking energy and he doesportray Spidey in a great way it's also way more modern and differentthan the previous 2 versions and that doesn't mean it's a bad thing hedelivers the humor, the action and the drama in a great way and thathas to do with the excellent team behind this MCU Film. In the end iwas very much blown away by Spider-Man: Homecoming it was everything iwanted it to be and even more plus there's some great twists and turnsalong the way that i think die hard fans of the Franchise will love.Many critics did say that this is the 'Best Spider-Man Yet' andalthough i do agree in some parts i still think that Maguire's andRaimi's Spider-Man Trilogy was a bit better than this film but for a2nd reboot and a Marvel film this is definitely on my Top 3 easily andi really can't wait for Spider-Man 2. GO SPIDER-MAN!!!!!!!!!