Valerian is adapted from the French comic series 'Valerian andLaureline' about two time travelling space agents who travel theuniverse taking on missions and sharing a shaky, flirtatiousrelationship. It was one of the many uncredited influences of theoriginal Star Wars, with an eclectic cast of bizarre aliens, planets,and vehicles. Valerian keeps much of this intact, loosely adapting thesixth story arc in the comics run.The movie opens in 1975 (a nice callback to the comic's debut date)with the coming together of the ISS, and follows and expands this trainof thought several hundreds of years, turning the ISS into a vastmulti-species city that has to be propelled into space so as not tocrash down to Earth. This is the titular City of a Thousand Planets.The second prologue shows us the everyday workings of a native speciesof a paradisal planet, who rely on pearls filled with unimaginableamounts of energy, feeding them to little mouse-like creatures who thensh*t out multiples of it, in order to "give back to nature". That isuntil the apocalypse comes crushing down on them and reduces them to asmall number hiding in safety in the wreckage of a ship.It's only then are we introduced to Valerian and Laureline, played byDane DeHaan and Cara Delevingne, who have obviously been partners for awhile, and share a flirtatious relationship whereby Valerian constantlyharasses Laureline to sleep with him or marry him, despite her constantrebukes and obvious disinterest. While I liked the movie, and I likedaspects of these two leads, they were by far the weakest point of themovie. Cara Delevingne surprised me with how capable she was withLaureline's snarkiness towards Valerian. Even in Suicide Squad I feltshe was just let down by abysmal dialogue rather than being a badactress. DeHaan though? Completely miscast. He's wormy andcreepy-looking, not handsome and heroic. His advances on Laureline comeoff as perverse rather than womanising, his gloating as annoyingarrogance rather than charming, and I just did not buy that he was aone-of-a-kind soldier that the United Human Federation couldn't dowithout. His cool, tough-man voice didn't work either; again soundinglike a creepy nerd trying to punch above his weight.The rest of the cast all does well though. Clive Owen's commander isjust the no- nonsense military general you'd expect, while also notjust being a full-on moustache-twirling villain. He has genuinerationale behind his actions that are understandable, howevernegatively they might affect a species and be seen as morally bankrupt.Rihanna was a massive surprise as the shape-shifting glamapod Bubble,stealing every scene she was in, and proving she can be a capableactress (although I'll admit she wasn't exactly given anythingparticularly challenging). Shame her character gets thrown away, andher involvement is completely inconsequential. Ethan Hawke makes anappearance as a pimp, Elisabeth Debicki voices the Emperor, JohnGoodman voices a gangster in the multi-dimensional marketplace, RutgerHauer briefly appears as the Leader of Earth in an infomercial earlyon, and there's also a number of cameos from some of Luc Besson'sdirecting and writing friends.Of course the biggest draw for Valerian was always the visuals, andthey did not disappoint at all. The quality of the CGI is flawless,bringing the vast array of alien creatures to life, and lookingincredibly realistic in the process. Over two hundred different specieswere designed, and each of them markedly different from one another.Every variable is considered from the intelligent species to theanimals and fauna, from robotic technology-bearing species to tiny,radioactive neuroscientist species, to species that require suits tocontain their slimy lifeforce, and species that bathe their glitteringfaces in a sea of revitalising pearls every morning, to dwarf-likegargoyles with long snouts and a penchant for selling information. Thesheer breadth of variety is astounding, and must have requiredincredible amounts of imagination and creativity. No matter whetherthey're a major species, or one you see briefly in the background, eachone enjoys a meticulous attention to detail.The same goes for the worlds and settings, from the multi-dimensionalmarketplace we're first introduced to Valerian and Laureline, to thevarious districts of the City. From the bright, sparkling northernhemisphere to the dark and grimy underwater world. The use of colour isfantastic, creating stark contrast from one place to another. Theparadisal planet of Mül and it's inhabitants are bathed in pastelcolours, from blues to pinks and oranges, like the inside of a hermitcrab shell, while the technology hub of the city is gold and copper,and the red light district equivalent is full of clashing neon signsand dark alleys.So yeah, I liked Valerian. It's plot felt fun and interesting despitenot being ground- breaking, the banter between Valerian and Laurelinewas fun to watch and showed chemistry despite DeHaan being a completemisfit for the character, and Rihanna's Bubble was the best characterdespite being a completely pointless addition to the story. The sheeramount of world-building and attention to detail, brought to life withflawless computer animation, is what we'll keep me coming back to thismovie. There's too many great concepts, enjoyable moments, and funinteractions for me to be able to agree wholeheartedly with it'scritics. I give Valerian a 7/10. Shame it'll be relegated alongsideJohn Carter as an underrated Space Opera that will never get a sequel.