I wanted to like this film. I really did. As a fan of the FifthElement, I was expecting to find a well-developed plot, kitchy humor,memorable characters, and over-the-top action sequences. It had theaction, but no soul. Neither of the two main characters had the actingchops to carry a scene, even the 'witty' banter came of scripted andflat as if Ben Stein had taken a heavy dose of lithium and stumble onset. The story also had several faux pas, including adding charactersto advance parts of the story, only to kill them off a few minuteslater.The characters were flat and shallow. Valerian, the title character andthe story's protagonist, was just plain not likable. He warranted noemotional investment. Instead of holding on to my seat in the bigaction sequences that threatened death and dismemberment, I felt myselfnot caring whether he lived or died. Part of this was due to the factthat he had the emotional range of a piece of plywood (think HaydenChristensen in Star Wars). I couldn't tell if he was professing hisundying love or ordering a burger and fries at McDonalds.----------------*Spoilers*--------------------The main bad-guy, who is exactly who you think it is from the get- go,also warrants no emotional investment, especially considering he spendsmost of the movie is some sort of stasis. The reason to hate him isonly revealed near the end of the movie in a flashback sequence, and Inever knew enough about his character to even form an opinion abouthim. When he is finally defeated, you can barely marshal a shrug,because, once again, you just don't know enough about him to care.Rihanna's character, who by-the-way had a beautiful introductionsequence, is another example of this shallow character building. Ourhero finds himself needing to access an inaccessible area that onlyRihanna can provide access to. Naturally he finds himself in astrip-club where he recruits her to help him through this, which shedoes, only to have her die WITHIN MINUTES of fulfilling her end. Herdeath sequence, which, judging by the musical score, was intended to bean emotional scene, falls on the side of apathy. We never knew enoughabout her character to care when/if she died. There was not enough timeto build that emotional investment.There were many other eye-rolling moments, including a direct rip fromThe Taken script and an alien who vows unrelenting vengeance only toNEVER SHOW UP IN THE MOVIE AGAIN, but they are much too numerous tolist. All-in-all, Valerian was at best a lackluster movie experiencethat fell in the same trap that many big-budget films do: rely onover-the-top special effects to mask shoddy story telling and flatcharacters. Save your money for the red-box rental.