Did the Homecoming writers actually think that pushing together the 2split halves of the ferry boat would stop the boat from sinking? Andwhy did Iron Man just fly away after pushing the 2 split halves of theferry boat together, without even checking if any of the passengersmight be injured and need to be air-lifted to a hospital? And why werethere cars on the Staten Island Ferry? Don't the writers know that carshaven't been allowed on the Staten Island Ferry after 9/11? And whydoesn't Spider-Man have Spider-Sense in MCU? When Peter ditched Liz atthe Homecoming dance and leaves the building, he gets ambushed outsideby 1 of the bad guys. No way that should happen with Spider-Sense. Sohe definitely doesn't have Spider-Sense in MCU.Also, the absurdity of the Washington Monument scene. The elevator ofthe Washington Monument gets blown up by a bomb that the fat kid had.DHS would've interrogated the fat kid about where he got the bomb andthe fat kid would've been held in custody until he gave up Peter as theguy who gave him the bomb.Then DHS would've investigated Peter and would've been suspicious as towhy Peter at the last minute decided to re-join the Academic Decathlonafter quitting the team earlier and travel with the team to Washington,D.C. only to skip out on the Decathlon competition and the skip out onthe team's trip to the Washington Monument on the same day that hisbest friend blows up an elevator in the Washington Monument using abomb that Peter gave him. And DHS would've gotten a warrant to searchAunt May's apartment.Just more bad writing, as is usually the case in MCU movies.In addition to the bad writing, SMH's shallow and uninspiring portrayalof Spider-Man's motivations make SMH the worst movie adaptation ofSpider-Man ever. Without outright mentioning Uncle Ben's death, Peterbeing Spider-Man is reduced to a simple show-off. There's nothingdriving him other than wanting to look cool and impress Tony Stark -and that's a shallow reason which betrays his true comic origins.Superman is shown by Jor-El how he can unite the human and Kryptonianspecies and bring hope to Earth. Batman is driven by the death of hisparents and vows to do everything in his power to stop crime in Gotham.Wonder Woman feels that it's her duty to end war and bring peace toMankind.Those are noble reasons which are inspiring. Spider-Man is in 1 of the4 most iconic comic-book superheroes along with Superman, Batman, andWonder Woman. But his motivation for being Spider-Man in Homecomingisn't because he believes he has a "great responsibility" to use hispowers for good (as he learned from his failure to prevent Uncle Ben'sdeath when he could've) but simply because he's hoping to get a replyfrom Happy Hogan.