Only one good thing in the movie.And that thing was the Vulture.Michael Keaton did a great job. Before the movie even aired i wasworried that the way Vulture looked that it would end up being one ofthe negative things of the movie. I was wrong. Vulture was a wellwritten villain and in fact the only well written character of theentire movie. He had a good motive and he was skilled at his job {whichwas stealing and making weapons}. So congratulations to Keaton fordoing a great job at bringing this villain to the big screen.Now on the negatives. To sum these up i will say that every singlecharacter in the movie besides Vulture was terrible. Lets examine eachone:a)Flash. He is supposed to be a bully. However this version of Flash isvery weak. As far as strength goes he isn't superior than any of theother normal characters. He is rich. But that's just about it. Hedoesn't bully with violence. He bullies with insults and juvenilejokes. He is a jerk yet no one puts him in his place. In fact for somereason despite his annoying attitude he is social and is easilytolerated by the other characters who don't seem bothered by the factthat he constantly calls one of their friends Penis Parker. Ifsomething similar was done towards me or a friend of mine i wouldn't gonear that bully/punk. But no one else is bothered by this. Unrealisticcharacter level over 9000.c)MJ. So the creators of this movie wanted to show something differentfrom the other Spider-Man movies. So they didn't want to have Mary Janeor Gwen as Peter Parkers love interest. Personally i had no problemwith that. HOWEVER. The fact that they called the character of MichelleMJ which is how Mary Jane is often referred to in the Spider-Manuniverse clearly shows that the creators tricked us with an illusion.Not wanting to copy Mary Jane but no issue using MJ.....what a lametrick. Not much to tell about her character. She just hangs around. Ididn't like her view on the Washington monument cause it was clearly anobvious attempt by the creators to push a political agenda down ourthroats and the fact that at some point she waved at one of thecharacters with a middle finger for no reason.d)Peters best friend. Simply terrible best friend. Instead ofsupporting Peter and agreeing to help him keep the secret or evenasking him why he is doing all of this he encourages Peter to revealthe secret to everyone and to actually use it to impress girls.Really??? You find out that your best friend risks his life stoppingthugs equipped with alien tech and you encourage him to reveal hisidentity to everyone??? g)Tony Stark/Iron Man. How the mighty havefallen. I remember when i first saw the Iron Man movie. It was a verygood movie and the portrayal of Tony Stark/Iron Man was simply great.Tony was always a arrogant no doubt about that. But he always knewwhere to draw the line. At least he knew in Iron Man and in the firstAvengers movie. After that Tony Stark is constantly being portrayed asan arrogant jerk who thinks he towers above all. And in this movie wesee this a lot. He considers himself to be the elite. He also acts highand mighty and sidelines Spider-Man all the time. Question. You gave a15 year old teenager a high tech suit and invited him in a brawlagainst Avengers. And after that you just tell him to go home and waitfor a phone call. Tonys stupidity level=over 9000. When SM informs himabout the alien tech all he does is call the FBI. Really? Alien techand all you do Tony is call the FBI? You could have at least assistedthe FBI with catching the criminals since they had a freaking Vultureon their side! But no. Tony is being a jerk.h)Peter Parker/Spider-MAN. Worst character of the movie. Completelyimmature with zero sense of responsibility. Lets start with themotivations. We know that Spider-Man wants to help those in needbecause he feels guilty and responsible for the death of his uncle Ben.A death that he had the power to prevent but didn't want theresponsibility. THAT HOWEVER IS NOT THE CASE IN THIS MOVIE. In thismovie Peter Parker is being Spider-Man cause he wants to draw theattention of the Avengers and to impress Tony Stark enough to jointhem. In the process he reveals his identity to his best friend andaunt May {by lame accident in both cases}, endangers revealing hisidentity in public by taking an alien rock in his school and analyzingit while the classroom is full and there is a lesson going on, casuallyallows the move of that alien rock even though he knows nothing aboutits properties which results in the near death of his friends, messesaround with his suit while on the field {where one mistake can costyour life}, starts a fight with criminals in a ship in the middle ofthe sea while the ship is full of civilians which results in himdetonating a weapon and nearly killing everyone, destroys a lot ofcivilian property, blows a recon mission cause he lets his cell phoneon and he also steals a car. This isn't a hero. This isn't a young teenon his way to become one either. This is a terribly written teenagerwith zero sense of responsibility. And his skills? Only enhancedreflexes and wall crawling. No spider sense and basically his suit doeseverything. This isn't Spider-Man.