Is the MCU now immune to negative reviews? Such is the love for TonyStark and co. that anything they now appear seems impervious to fan boycriticism. Spiderman: Homecoming has been receiving glowing praise withsome critics going as far to say this is the best Spiderman film yetand the best superhero film of the year so far. I sometimes thought asif I was watching a different film then, as to me this was bigdisappointment. I was bored watching it, and I felt like most of theaudience was too. There was no laughter in the cinema during the'comedy' moments, just lots of uncomfortable fidgeting.After calls from fans to 'give it back Marvel 'it was great to seeSpiderman appear with other Marvel hero's in the excellent Civil War,something that most us did not think we would ever see.But maybe this is case of be careful what you wish for, as despiteMarvel providing creative input, this feels like the lest Spidermanlike Spiderman movie so far. SpiderIronman may be a better title orIronspider?Spiderman's suite is provided by Tony Stark, and aside from not beingable to fly, works pretty much the same as his own suite. It has asimilar heads up display, and array of weapons to select from, its ownattachable drone and most its equivalent to Jarvis, called Karen(voiced by Jennifer Connelly, wife of Paul Bettany, aka Jarvis?hmm)It just didn't feel like I was watching Spiderman with all thesegadgets. I did hope towards the end that maybe this was on purpose sowhen he was striped of them he would rely on his own ability. But thisit was not be and he gets them all back.This film try's hard to be funny and cool, with throwbacks to 80's JohnHughes films. And in case you didn't get that, one scene even has a TVrandomly placed showing the same John Hughes film it is paying homageto. Very meta hey? And when Peter Parkers best friend wears theSpiderman mask, its funny because he's fat right? Ahh good one lets alllaugh at the fatty. The constant attempts at humour and usual MCUquips, strip the film of any tension.Michael Keaton's Vulture could have been a great villain but is wasted.People hate on Spiderman 3, but at least I was never stifling yawnswatching that. The opening fight in that film with Harry Osborne wasfar more exciting than any encounters Spiderman has with the Vulturehere. The Vulture is a flying villain, so that should set up somevertigo inducing aerial battles through and over the city. But the bestconfrontation they have is sitting in a car.Spiderman himself seems to be the cause of his own problems. He's themost accident-prone superhero this side of Mr Magoo. In this film hemanages to indirectly blow up the Washington Monument, tear a ship inhalf and crash a plane into a beach, taking a fairground ride with itand possible killing dog walkers taking a stroll by the sea.There is no sense of awe in this film. None of the epic and dizzyingweb swinging action we saw back in the Sam Raimi films. The actionsscenes are lacklustre and ends in messy and scrappy CGI fight on aplane, of which somehow both Spiderman and the Vulture survive crashingand exploding on impact.It speaks volumes when the recently shown preview of Spiderman on PS4has better Spiderman action than this film provides at any point.At the end of the film, a very annoying hipster girl who pops up nowand again reveals her name is Michelle, but people call her MJ. What?Surely this is not going to be MJ? Michelle? Although I did readrecently that producer Kevin Fegie has stated this is not the new MaryJane. If that is so, why the MJ line? Just trolling for the sake of it.Hopefully this is not the 'real' Flash Thompson or 'real' Shockereither.The film feels cheap. Its hard to say why, but it looks and feels likea kids film. Was it the director? Hard to say. I am big fan of hisprevious two releases. The best part of the film is the aforementionedstand off between Toomes and Parker in the car, which shows though thedirectors horror credentials. The film needed more of this, to generatetension and threat for our hero to come through. Sam Raimis horrorskills also showed through on his films with that bruising fist fightbetween Goblin and Spiderman and the infamous hospital scene inSpiderman 2. Scary, brutal and brilliant. Such a shame we don't havethese kind of scenes anymore.I really hoped for something fresh and new with this but what we haveis still very much Spiderman by committee, only now with added MCUcameos.It's a shame but we will probably never get another Spiderman film thatcomes close to the greatness of Spiderman and Spiderman 2.