Spider-Man is one of the most famous superhero out there. We've seendifferent reincarnation over time, many different cartoons, comics andeven movies. But in the core, there is a "true" Spider-Man version,based on 70s and 80s comics. Both 80s and 90s cartoons were adaptationsof those adventures. 90s cartoon had more modern and better art styleand animations, Therefore, most fan take it as the most faithfuladaptation of the comics.Spider-Man movie made by Sam Raimi had its polemical issues, likeorganic web shooters. With the second movie, he sorted the bad aspectsof the first movie and only amplified the good aspects, and created areally good movie with the spirit of classical adventures. But at thethird movie, he went into a wrong direction and it become the downfallof his series.When Sony wanted to reboot the series instead of a new sequel, theycreated a version more faithful to the Ultimate Spider-Man comic books.That movie was not bad, it was fun, but it was not "the classic Spidey"and there were mixed reactions for this one. Gwen Stacy in this moviewas so good that they wanted to recreate the classic story about herfor the second movie. But that movie failed hard, harder than theSpider-Man 3, even if it was not that bad.Sony had to reboot Spider-Man once more. This time, they went to Marvelfor their help. But Marvel had its plans about "new version ofSpider-Man". They were pushing Miles Morales FOR A LONG TIME. In theirmind, "real Spider-Man should be Miles Morales". Therefore they weremocking with the Peter Parker for a time. For example UltimateSpider-Man cartoon. They alienated their own fans with that cartoon andcancelled creatively beautiful version of Spectacular Spider-Man justfor that cartoon.When this two forces collide, we got the Spider-Man: Homecoming.Everyone loves this movie, praises it, even in IMDb everyone believesthis is the "best spidey" since the beginning of time. Why? BecauseMarvel tell us so. We must obey them and praise this shitty version ofhim.Don't get me wrong. I also was hyped during the Civil War movie. We'veseen a part of him there, it reminded us the Classic Spider- Manespecially with that cool costume.However, they changed the "Classic" image in the movie really reallymuch.One of the problem in the movie, they are trying very hard to be"SJW-friendly". Most of the cast changed into "People of Colors" and ofcourse that means African American or Mexican people. America believes"People of Colors" only means African American and Mexican. And ofcourse, this is the current year, so, they put PoC everywhere. FlashGordon, that "white supremacist" looking bully? Yes, he is a PoChipster now. Liz, love interest of Peter Parker, of course PoC.Sidekick for Peter? Of course PoC. What about a MJ substitute,definitely PoC.Don't get me wrong, I don't expect a yellow hair blue eyes whitesupremacy idealism in the movie. But I also don't want modern daypolitics pushed even above Spider-Man. We didn't have to hear howproducers of this movie disapproves slavery by a very planned dialogue.Please leave us from your forced politics.This is because Marvel changed this movie into a "Disney XD" show. Eventhe "Aunt May" changed into a Disney XD style MILF mom. Where is ourbeloved Aunt May? Nowhere. This is the current year, old is outdatedand hipster is the new cool."OK cut the crap man, we understood you hate the SJW politics, Whatabout the Spider-Man?" Sadly this Spider-Man version is even worse. Heturned into whipping boy for Iron Man and his enemies. The famous lonerSpider-Man is now an errand boy for Tony Stark. Every time he talkswith his phone, movie feels like to do forced and rushed jokes to"entertain" its young audience. No, Spider-Man you are not funny,cartoon adaptation of this movie is even less funny. After all theseyears, we still stuck at high school level. Even in comic books, hefinished high school very early and started a young adult life. Even80s cartoons and 90s cartoon happens in that period. But hey, we needto do Spider-Man a teenager just to appeal teenagers. Right?The worst part of this movie is, following the modern movie style:everything is so staged, timing is planned and nothing happens natural.This stupid trend makes the movies artificial and synthetic. And itdestroys the immersion for the audience.If you really believe this is the Best Spidey, then please at least goand watch the Spectacular Spider-Man cartoon.