In my opinion, there has not been a good Spider-Man movie sinceSpider-Man 2. I love the original two Raimi movies and grew up withthem. Unfortunately, the three that would follow those movies wereincredibly disappointing and lacked the spirit of the character. As aresult, there was a ton of pressure on this film to succeed, and itdoes with flying colors. Firstly, I have to give praise to Tom Holland. He absolutely nailed thecharacter of Peter Parker. When he was in the Spidey costume, he alsoabsolutely rocked it. The look of the character (the actual suititself) is awesome and he throws quips all the time without it feelinggimmicky or forced like it did in the Amazing Spider-Man movies. Thesupporting characters also were fantastic. Michelle was a very fun sidecharacter who had some fun moments (although I really did not like thefact that she ended up being MJ as she acts nothing like thatcharacter), as were Liz and Ned. Those characters really addedemotional weight to Peter's story and I thought that it was incrediblywell-handled. The action was grade-A Marvel. Although I would not definitively saythat the action in this film is quite as good as it was in Raimi's, itis extremely well-choreographed and, when CGI was necessary (which wasoften), it looked top-notch. The humor, as it usually is in MCU movies,was also fantastic and there were a lot of laughs in the theater that Isaw it in. The final post credit scene was also really funny.The main twist of the movie was obviously the fact that the Vulture wasLiz's father. I get the sense that many people will be upset about thissince it is a huge coincidence, but there have been coincidences allthroughout Spider-Man lore in the movies, cartoons, and comics. Let'snot forget that Peter's best friend's dad in the comics, Norman Osborn,ends up being his archnemesis. The Vulture as a character,unfortunately, did leave me slightly underwhelmed. He is definitely atop-tier Marvel villain, as he at least has a personality and cleargoals unlike previous characters in the MCU, but I felt like thereshould have been more to his character. He was two- dimensional, whichis better than one-dimensional, but I think that he could have beeneven better. However, the look of the character is absolutely perfectand Michael Keaton was really good in the film. The scene where Peterfinds out that he is Michelle's dad had so much tension and was verywell-handled.I also have a gripe with the references made to the MCU throughout thefilm. They were all very fun and creative, but I think that there weresome that were just unnecessary. I almost feel like that is Sony'sdoing since they have really wanted to drive home the fact that thisfilm takes place in the MCU. It takes away the standalone nature of thefilm to a certain extent. However, Tony Stark was in the movie for justthe right amount and never changed the focus of the film. Towards theend, I thought it was perfect to have Stark and Peter together in thenew Avengers facility. The fact that they were also able to incorporatean arc for Tony's character in this film despite his extremely limitedscreen time was really impressive and I look forward to seeing hisrelationship with Spider-Man grow even more.Overall, I was extremely pleased with Spider-Man homecoming and I thinkit is probably the second or third best movie in the MCU. Spider-Manfans finally now have another film that will be almost universallyloved.9/10 Grade: A-