I'm not going to lie, I was looking forward to Valerian and the City ofa Thousand Planets. The production team behind it, in combination withthe history of the IP (not to mention the absolutely bonkers trailer)made it seem like Mad Max: Fury Road (2015) level intensity was thebest case scenario. Worst case scenario, we were looking at a JupiterAscending (2015) a la, a movie with enough sheer lunacy to justify awatch despite being seriously flawed.So it's to my surprise and partially to my chagrin that Valerian isneither of these things - not really. It is a painfully sincere moviethat is positively aglow with its own ingenuity, like a toddler is withhis own finger painting. And believe it or not, that kind of innocenthubris does save Valerian from quite of few scrapes and contrivanceshere and there. Yet when the day is done, there's no denying directorLuc Besson's newest sci-fi space adventure is simultaneously too sloppyand too well made to enjoy.Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is based on a series ofFrench science fiction comics which chronicle the adventures ofValerian (DeHaan) a roguish space cop and his damsel-esque partnerLaureline (Delevingne). After their latest mission inadvertently putsthem in possession of the film's magical sci-fi maguffin, they maketheir way to the fabled space city of Alpha. Once they get therehowever, all hell breaks loose and our heroes find themselvesscrabbling to rescue their superior, Commander Filitt (Owen) from anunknown group of aliens.The highs of this movie are near euphoric with some of the mostcreative and convincing examples of world-building seen this side ofblockbuster cinema. The technology, the habitats the creature design etal. are all so refreshingly fun with the city of Alpha being the clearstandout of all the marvelous filigree. Alpha at times feels like anever shifting character in the film, assimilating worthwhile ideas fromStar Trek (1966-1969), "John Carter of Mars," "20,000 Leagues Under theSea" and all points in between. What's more, the worlds that arecreated here, you feel like you can come right out and touch them. Theypractically beg to be explored and thanks in part to the script, youget a decent if breezy tour of Alpha via Valerian and Laureline'sfast-paced adventure.Yet the lows in this movie are almost embarrassingly low, with everybad decision sticking out like Chris Tucker in cheetah print. Theproblems start almost immediately. Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevingne forall their efforts are sorely miscast as our heroes; trying desperatelyto pull off a Han/Leia vibe with the chemistry of flat soda. Much of itcan't be helped of course; partially due to their age they look lesslike grizzled space cops whom by their own admission "have seen itall," and more like children playing dress up. You can also just tellwhat little direction they were given was limited to them hitting theirmark and reading their lines, never mind emoting or interacting withthe space in any meaningful way.There's also the issue of the plot, which on its own merits is fine andeven a little illuminating on paper. Yet due to the way the storyunfolds, we're given everything we need to piece together the themesvery early on. Its clear Luc Besson (who also wrote the screenplay)doesn't want to bog the movie down too much with Avatar (2009) -levelmessaging. Gadgetry can be argued to be its own reward. But because themovie is in such a rush to whisk us to the next show-stoppingset-piece, it all but ignores its problematic elements. Elements thatinclude but are not limited to: a simple "noble savage" vs.militaristic boogeyman narrative, human (alien) trafficking beingtreated as a fumbled plot device, an alien race modeled after feudalJapanese stereotypes that actually eats people...Yet despite big, big, BIG problems, Valerian still manages to eek outenough good ideas worthy of a tacit recommendation. The bustling cityof Alpha, reminiscent of Venice during the Renaissance or Baghdad atthe height of the Abbasids is certainly worth a look. Of course if theimagination inherent in a far-future sci-fi smorgasbord isn't enough toentice you, and you're more concerned with say story, plot etc. then Isay read the graphic novels instead.