From someone who has followed the adventures of the webslinger fordecades, I believe that this may just be the worst Spider-Man movieever made. It takes an established character who has over 60 years ofhistory to draw from and tosses out everything that makesSpider-Man...well...Spider-Man.Everything about this characterization can be summed up in one word:incompetence. This goes beyond bumbling or stumbling due to growingpains - this is a Spider-Man that can't seem to remember that he isfreakin' Spider-Man! For example, when climbing to the top of theWashington Memorial, he suddenly becomes intimidated by the height thathe standing at. Consider that for a moment - Spider-Man scared ofheights! Isn't his most famous power the fact that he climbs and swingsbetween tall buildings? Considering that there are over 100 buildingsin NYC taller than the monument, surely he's been this high before.I don't think he actually wins a single fight in this movie as well. Ifnot for the interference of others (or their mercy), he would have lostevery time. In fact, he doesn't actually beat the main villain at theend of the movie! If not for the fact that the Vulture decides to graba crate of tech (that explodes) rather than finishing him off, then thevillain wins and the hero is destroyed.Tons of other internal inconsistencies abound - he's strong enough tocatch cars but he can't punch through glass - he knocks himself out byjumping into the top of a tractor trailer but can have an entirebuilding dumped on him without injury, etc.He also lacks any concern whatsoever for protecting his identity - aproblem with every Spider-Man movie before this to be sure - but hereit is taken to new heights. By the end of the film, we have 6individuals who know who Peter Parker is including the villain whofigures it out within the length of a car ride. Not surprisingconsidering he and his friend are always casually discussing it in themiddle of crowded school hallways and cafeterias.If you love the source material (comics), then do not watch this film.It will give you bleeding ulcers.