Finally! The movie that Spider-man truly deserves. While otherSpider-man movies have plenty of merit (and others don't), Homecomingis by far the greatest rendition of Spider-man movies ever created forthe silver screen! It had everything that encompasses Spider-man, butin smaller doses so that they are easier to digest and enjoy. The inside jokes came at a great pace, and the comedy traveled far andwide for all kinds of humor. Even the darker humor was not too dark,and still suited Spider-man to a T. Tom Holland was great with hisreactions to the humor going on around him, while also giving off hisown jokes the way a spider can. His friend, Ned was not over done, hewas given, once again, in small doses, and never got annoying, which isreally hard for a comic relief character. The only thing I think theycould have really done without was Flash. While Flash Thompson was goodfor a few laughs, he just didn't contribute a whole lot to the overallquality of the film itself. That, however, is the tiniest of nitpicks,and does not at all affect its score.It gets triumphant echoes of joy with the action scenes. They are fastpace, high octane, and show that Spider-man has a lot to learn beforehe reaches his prime. You truly feel like this is how Spider- man wouldact were he put into these situations. He gets his butt kicked as muchas he kicks tail himself, but that's more from his inexperience, andagain, it is not shoved into your face, it is delivered in a moderatequantity for maximum efficiency. Characters have their roles, and all of them play them off to theirutmost and pull their own weight. The character Michelle is a quietgiant in her field of comedy, and is one of the funniest characters inher own rite. Michael Keaton as the Vulture is fantastic! He is notreally evil, he has his own motivations, they just happen to be outsideof the law. Peter's crush, Liz, plays a far bigger role than expected,but a necessary one in the long run. The moment we are introduced toher, I figured she may be the thorn in the movie's side, but, onceagain, small doses prevail.The story is rather small potatoes in the spectrum of the M.C.U., butthat is perfect for a beginner super hero movie, which is where SuicideSquad's biggest failure can be observed. Homecoming stays within itsbounds, and is as big as it needs to be for when it needs it the most. Flaws in this movie are hard to find, beyond nitpicking it to death(which some will, it's inevitable). It is more than welcome in theMarvel Cinematic Universe, and is a must-own for hardcore fans andcasual fans of Spider-man (and Marvel) alike. Do not miss this movie,it is well worth the full price of admission, even if it is the 3-Dprice! Yes! It is that good! Now stop reading this review and go watchit, Web heads!!!