Spider-Fans are a thick-skinned lot. And, in watching his attempts tocrawl onto the big screen, we've taken some gut-punches. From theearly, fun-but-twee Sam Raimi days to the murky, Marc Webb hipster days(to say nothing of the nightmare of 'Dancing Emo Peter' - a farce ofidiocy the character will be lucky to ever shrug off), we've watchedour boy take more beats than a bout with Doctor Octopus. So, evenfinally(!) reacquainted with his REAL parents - a Marvellousaccomplishment in itself - dare we hope? In the face of so muchmisguided corporate overreach, hackneyed tonal imbalance, flagrantdisregard for comic backstory, and (shudder) hip-thrusts, dare we dreamthe dream of a half-decent cinematic Spider-Man, for the first time inmore than some viewers' lifetimes? Rest easy, true believers: Homecoming is the best Spider-Man movie evermade. Right from the playful strains of a certain familiar theme over theopening logos, it's immediately apparent that Marvel Studios have nottreated the reacquisition of their most beloved character lightly.Director Jon Watts' film practically leaps off the screen with abouncy, mischievous energy, snappy humour, and such a sheer outpouringof joy at its own existence (no tired teen angst here!) that it's nighimpossible to resist grinning from start to finish. In contrast to theincreasingly cosmic Marvel Cinematic Universe growing around it,Homecoming is winningly small and intimate: not only does Watts paint alove letter to the rough and tumble charm of Queens and itsinhabitants, but the film's stakes are not the fate of the world oruniverse, but, appropriately, the neighbourhood becoming less friendly. It's a hugely welcome tonic to blockbuster bloat, and the rare summerromp with space for characters to breathe. Watts channels Parker'sbustling eagerness for a higher calling into one of the most organic,truthful depictions of a modern high school, with a John Hughes ear forits stresses, infantilization, and small joys. One sequence, wherePeter wrestles with the ethics of crashing a party as Spider-Man toraise his social standing to help bag a date to the titular dance, isso adorably true to the character it's hard not to shed a tear ingratitude. It's telling that we know and care more about Parker's highschool classmates than many of the B-tier, celebrity-cast superheroesin the MCU, and Laura Harrier, Zendaya, Tony Revolori (whose Flash,while no longer a jock, hits terribly credible cringeworthy notes ofmodern bullying), and especially Jacob Batalon (who sells many of thefilm's comedic and emotional beats with surprisingly hilarious aplomb)flesh them out superbly. Paradoxically, the film's grounded aestheticalso helps blend it into the MCU much more seamlessly than many of itscohort, reframing the MCU's macro conflicts through a nonplussed groundlevel (upon an exquisitely tongue-in-cheek Chris Evans cameo, Parker'steacher deadpans "or maybe he's a war criminal now. I dunno"), whilethe House of Mouse cheerfully works in Star Wars swag at every turn. But, in the midst of this uncharacteristically unassuming'world-building,' for Marvel, the fun and thrills have not been leftcrammed into a locker. Watts' action interludes are fizzy, raucous,clumsy (one car chase has Peter destroying - and chatting with - mostof Queens in his inexperienced tenacity), and just as exhilarating asany of the bigger, brawnier Marvel counterparts. If anything, Wattsinfuses his blowouts with such worry Peter is in way over his head (hisheroic intervention to the crumbling Washington Monument is interruptedby a panic attack from the altitude), that emotions are unprecedentedlyratcheted up for superhero combat. Even initial concerns of Spider-Manbeing too governed by Stark tech melt away in the face of Parker'sunquenchable enthusiasm in the face of his costume's wacky potential,as his stacked super-suit cues many of the film's biggest laughs (twowords: 'Intimidation Mode'), while Michael Giacchino's twinkling scoresoars and lilts with the quintessence of Spider-Man. Michael Keaton's Vulture is unexpectedly terrifying, adding a uniquelyaerodynamic to keep their tussles fresh and thrilling. Keaton'sidiosyncratic, bristling, and grimly heartfelt performance (arighteously indignant 'working class hero' antithesis to Tony Stark)takes what could have been another bland, disposable villain and makeshim one of the most deceptively memorable and compelling of the MCU.There are the slightest wobbles in the web - the Shocker is fun but atouch underwhelming for such a cult classic Spider-foe, while DonaldGlover's cameo is amusing but superfluous. But in the face of thefilm's relentless outpouring of fun and heart, including a third acttwist as astonishingly unexpected as it is retroactively self- evident,they are less than inconsequential. And there is one sequence, rippedfrom the comic pages of the Lee/Ditko days, that is almostoverwhelmingly emotional, anchoring the core 'tireless underdog' ethosof Spider-Man in tearfully perfect fashion. And Tom Holland. Dear Tom Holland. To call his impish, earnest charismaperfect for Peter Parker would be an understatement - he's almostachingly affable and human in and out of homespun or high tech costume,with a flair for pitch-perfect Spider-quips, raw vulnerability, andself-reproachful asides that are almost too lovable for words. Inshort, he is Spider-Man through-and-through. Supporting him, RobertDowney Jr. continues to find unexplored wrinkles in his eighth timeembodying Tony Stark, and his clumsy 'Uncle Tony' mentoring ("my dadwas never there for me, so, uh, breaking the cycle of shame") is hugelyamusing without overstaying his welcome. Marisa Tomei is tooeffervescently delightedly not to larb as Aunt May (now with more charmand less life lessons! Yay!), while Jon Favreau is reliably hilariousas the crusty Happy Hogan. Homecoming doesn't just do whatever a spider can - it redefinesSpider-Man while showing unprecedented care and affection for whatmakes the character tick, all while teeming with humour, heart,humanity, and infectious fun. Soak it in, Spider-Friends. He's home. -9.5/10