I am not a fan of films that are much longer than they need to be totell their story. Mudbound falls into that category. Forty four minutesof the run time of 134 could have easily been edited away, coming in ata trim hour and a half. The extra time is filled with pointless, overlylong scenes that do nothing to move things along.Aside from the length, this film has a few other problems although itbasically tells its story well, if a bit simplistically. The motivationof Henry McAllen to uproot his family from their comfy upper middleclass life in Memphis to live in squalor on a failing farm in ruralMississippi is never explained.The main characters are drawn very broadly without much backstory,except the McAllen boys. Too much of the film, especially the firstthird, is taken up but by pointless scenes of the boys living the verywhite lifestyle of the Old South Gentry. Once the story gets moving,after the McAllens move to the farm, everyone is a stereotype.Hap and Florence Jackson have zero character development. They aremerely the hard working, oppressed but optimistic black folks whomeekly accept their fate. Pappy McAllen is the hateful old bigot whoirrationally hates African-Americans to the point of joining the localKKK chapter. Jamie McAllen is the spoiled frat boy who never outgrewhis binge drinking and irresponsible ways. Laura McAllen is the longsuffering wife who should take her kids and move back to civilizationbut doesn't. She too, meekly accepts her fate.Having said that, the film does score on a few levels. It is importantthat movies like these are made to remind us of the hideous racism thatwas the norm just two generations back. Institutionalized racism stillexists in this country to be sure but not to the extent that a war heroin uniform is targeted by the Klan for trying to use the front door ofa store.Mudbound is relentlessly bleak and depressing. The only time I smiledwas when the old bastard Pappy was smothered in his sleep by his muchmaligned youngest son. It is still worth watching for both the reminderof the way things were, and for the very good performances by theentire cast.