LIKES: The Animation: Pixar/Disney are the kings of animation, and they haveproved themselves again in this CGI masterpiece. Coco's characters aredynamic, presented in so many forms that give the family a spectrum ofcharacters. Despite a majority of the cast looking carbon copiedversion of skeletons, Pixar managed to inject subtle differences tomake primary and secondary characters stand out. The living membersalso got the anatomy altered as well, going so far to represent allstage of life (i.e. old and senile, young and energetic, and evenpregnant). Past designs, the movement itself is incredibly detailed.The subtle gestures in walking/running, the accurate capture of facialgestures for conversation, and more importantly the incredible fingermotions of Miguel and cast playing the guitar. A statement of Pixarhaving incredible attention to detail wasn't kidding, because thisthing was gorgeous. Spirit animals: One stand out feature of this movie are the cool spirtanimals that inhabit the land of the undead. The flying jaguar, whileone of the most outstanding displays, is only the tip of the iceberg,and these creatures are sprawled out in the world. I found it cool tosee the creativity of blending common animals into a piñata likecreation, each feature designed to add finesse and flare to mix andrepresent the culture of Mexico. The Culture: Disney movies always have a way of capturing an element ofthe real world. Coco's theme is all about the Mexican culture and thevarious customs that we as viewers only have an inkling ofunderstanding. Pixar managed to bring that culture to life not only indesign, but in the story, they have developed in this tale. Theirbelief in the afterlife is the foundation this tale is built on,allowing other things like soap operas, fiestas, food, and the westernfilm culture. And within all these elements are the important customsof family, the passion of music, and the pursuit of dreams through hardwork. All of these are beautifully integrated into the mix,occasionally crossing into cheesy territory, to craft a very stirringtale. The Music: By far the biggest element for me though, has to be themusic of Coco. Disney is always spectacular with their soundtracks, butCoco stands out to me as one of the more unique sets of music to comeout of the studio. Instead of grandiose symphonies, or Oscar designedsymphonies, Coco's music is all about representing the musical cultureof Mexico. Each song builds around the acoustic guitar as the primaryinstrument in its calm, yet vibrant strings. Such a simple instrumentpacks an emotional kick, especially once the supporting instruments andthe voice bellow out to unleash the pent-up emotion of our characters.The songs build into the story, and are used as the primary tools foraccomplishing Miguel's goals and represents a variety of artisticstyles this culture has. It's dynamic, it's fun, and its relevant tothe story, all big points in this reviewer's eyes. DISLIKES:The opening short: While separate, the opening number is still part ofthe show. Olaf's frozen adventure, while cute, was just anothercompilation of short songs to refresh Disney's cash cow for the lastfew years. Sure, some of the songs are powerful (the ending inparticular), and the message tugs at my strings, but it lacked a lot ofsustenance for just more songs. Thank goodness Coco's music redeemedthis quality. More with the creatures: I like the spirit animals, I just didn't likehow much of a background they were. With such cool concepts, you thinkthat Disney would have found a way to capitalize on these monsters'involvement in the world whether it be searching for clues, chasing ourheroes, or having more bang in the final setting. Even without theirintegration, the studio downplayed their powers a bit, showinginconsistencies with the potential they developed in these creatures. Lackluster Excitement: Thinking back to Pixar's previous works, thereare usually those edge on the seat moments that have you questioningthe fate of the heroes (Toy Story, Incredibles, even Cars). Coco not somuch for me. The movie stays pretty safe, with predictable antics, calmaction scenes, and a final obstacle that didn't do much for me in thesuspense role. This film blows the cultural relevance out of the water,yet it still missed its potential for a complete package without theaction. Many Book of Life elements: This movie stands out on its own in so manyconcepts and the songs are much more original. Yet, there is a lot ofthis movie based off of Book of Life, and in many cases less vibrantand unique than the predecessor. In my opinion, I felt the Book of Lifewas the more exciting of the two tales and I like this design more thanthe scale this one took. Still, Coco holds a lot of finesse that theBook failed to have. The VERDICT: Coco is certainly one of the more culturally relevant Pixar movies tocome out of the studio. It's design and animation are gorgeous, thecreativity is on point, and so much of it is packed with tastefulportrayals of this beautiful culture. Yet, it still has a fewshortcomings for me to make it a perfect movie. They dropped some ofthe potential they built up and the excitement element could have beenamped up with more struggles as well. When all is said and done though,Coco is by far one of the better films to hit the theaters thisNovember and I strongly encourage many to flood the theaters and scopeit out. And for those with little ones obsessed with Frozen, this movieis only going to be better for them. My scores: Animation/Adventure/Comedy: 9.0 Movie Overall: 8.5