I'm sick of reading apologetic reviews for this film of the "If you canjust get through the bad stuff, the rest of it is AMAZING" ilk.We shouldn't have to endure dialogue this bad, acting this awful andplotting this lazy to get to the good stuff. Let's take a few examples:- Cavill has zero chemistry with Adams. None. The scene where he leapsinto the bath with her is so awkward it's embarrassing.- And why is Amy Adams in the bath anyway? It's hardly a playful scene- she's talking about death and responsibility. I can only think it'splayed that way for "Phwoar! Amy Adams in the bath!" reasons.- People in this film don't "do" motivation. Superman turns on Batmanfor being a vigilante above the law. Which he is too. The public turnson Superman because of crimes they KNOW were committed by other people.Lex turns on Superman because... well, I'm still not sure about that.- Batman, the World's Greatest Detective - acts like an idiot for mostof the film. Despite all evidence pointing at Lex, he allows himself tobe manipulated into fighting Superman. Why didn't he use his detectionskills on "Who sent those notes?" and "Who blew up the Senator?" and"Hey, why does Lex want all that Kryptonite anyway?"- Batman is also kind of a sadist. No, I'm not complaining about theBat-brand, I can live with that. But he takes his time toying withSuperman. I'm not sure why. Again, motivation issues.- I don't actually have a massive problem with Superman & Batmankilling people. Although you have to admit, it makes you wonder how Lex& The Joker are still alive. But this movie doesn't care about plotholes. I believe there's actually a plot "black hole" at the centre ofthis film, sucking in all logic.- Mmm! I'm not sure I can entirely blame - mmm! - Jesse Eisenberg forLex. I mean how can you deliver lines as embarrassingly bad as thesewithout sounding like a complete idiot? Yet no character in the filmever comments on the fact that he acts like the guy on the bus you seemuttering to himself. It can't be his wealth. I know Lex is abillionaire, but then again so is Donald Drumpf and people call himcrazy all the time.- Plus "crazy" isn't the same as "scary". There's no menace, no senseof malevolent power in Lex. He's just an irritant. Someone to move theplot forward for no good reason other than to fulfil the promise in thetitle. Again, not Eisenberg's fault but why did they write him thisway, instead of the power-obsessed, morally bankrupt businessman we'veseen in Lex before? We didn't need Less-Interesting-Joker-Lex. - The arrogance of the film reminds me a little of "Prometheus" -another film that attempted to address big issues, but had no idea whatto do with them. There's no philosophy here, no intelligence - havingcharacters rant and rave about gods and mortals doesn't give them acoherent philosophy or moral outlook. In "The Dark Knight" The Jokerhad an actual philosophy - a corrupted viewpoint that ran counter toBatman's. Here, I can't tell what anyone stands for. What does Lex evenwant? How much of this mess can be blamed on Snyder is debatable - I thinkthe bulk of the blame should be placed on Goyer & Terrio who shouldnever be allowed to write anything ever again, including greetings onbirthday cards. However, I will say that if Snyder were a half-competent director surely he should have binned this script and broughtin someone else.As for the film, I know it's made a lot of money which is actually aterrible shame. It means all of those responsible will feel it'sacceptable to produce something this bad, so long as it has a bigbudget and impressive CGI (see also: Transformers). For me, it just isn't good enough, with this budget and these actors wedeserved something better. With these iconic characters to finally showtogether on the big screen, we deserved something astonishing. Thefilm-makers should be embarrassed.