You can have Superman and Batman in the same shared universe.Stylistically they're at the opposite ends of the spectrum, but theycan coexist and you can even have them sharing a story. But the thingis that they're still at the opposite ends. Batman is dark andbrooding, his stories filled with corruption, fallibility of man andthe inevitable doom that looms over every victory. Where as Superman isall about nobility, rising above mortal failings, hope and potential.Which is why you cannot have a decent Superman story told as a Batmanstory with a sloppy paint job applied!But, even with that, I could live. Henry Cavill is a decent actor andthis movie franchise has some seriously talented people working behindthe scenes. But unfortunately DC is in too much of a hurry to get itsown cinematic universe off the ground and thus this movie is filled tothe brim with subplots, foreshadowing scenes and characters beyondcounting. It's bad enough that we get the Batman versus Superman plot,but we also have to cram in the ramifications of Man of Steel, Batman'sintroduction, Wonder Woman's introduction, Lex Luther's introductionand concurrent evil scheme, and finally the final woe, who I shall notspoil here. Any two of these elements would have been enough for amovie. Put all them in a single movie and it's a mess. There's verylittle rhyme or reason behind the various elements and they don't cometogether in a graceful manner. Wonder Woman feels especially out ofplace here, which is a shame because Gal Gadot is surprisinglybelievable as the Amazonian warrior princess. The complete opposite ofJesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor, in fact. Who though this was goodcasting? The man couldn't pull off suavely menacing if his lifedepended on it. Sure, there are good things as well. Ben Affleck pulls off both BruceWayne and Batman beautifully, the visuals, while too dark and grim, arevery impressive, the fight scene between Superman and Batman isexcellent and I do applaud the film for trying to address the moralramifications of having almost limitless power in the hands of aliteral outsider.But yeah, it's not a very good film overall. It has good things in it,but the structure is not suitable for showcasing any of them in afavourable light. I hope they slow down, take a deep breath and decidethat if they are to continue, they need to do it properly.