(And yes, I've watched the extended edition in it's full 3 hour glory,the one that is supposed to fix things over from the theatrical cut).What a bloated, insipid, AAA bombast-fest of a movie. I get that we'retrying to take liberties with these characters (now that they'vealready been done so many times, and quite recently too) and I get thatwe're trying to "modernize" the way we showcase them (being thatthey're well, children's stories). But most of the mistakes of this movie show that Snyder, Terrio andGoyer don't really understand these characters. Or basic narrativestorytelling for that matter.Where to start?Characters are all underdeveloped and their arcs are non-existent. Plotis overly complex and convoluted, and while most of the points areskimmed over, barely addressed or explained in any way within themovie, what we do get are extended dream-like sequences that explorecharacter motivations that don't make any sense in the first place,while succeeding in adding absolutely nothing to the story itself.The movie takes itself way too seriously and the dialogue in particularis pretentious and downright stupid at times - I actually made me go"Wait, what?!" at my screen for at least 5 times during the movie.There's barely any weight to the scenes, the way they flow and thenarrative itself feels forced and artificial.Oh, and the plot.Batman goes on a dark path killing people and branding them with thefat bat logo for no reason. Superman spends the majority of the moviebeing mopey and depressed as a side effect to being invincible orsomething. The whole premise of the movie is just a big stupid misunderstandingbetween the titular emo characters to get them to bash each other'sfaces. It could have been easily resolved by having them actually talkto each other rather than wandering around having "intense scenes" allover the place for most of the duration of the movie.But don't worry, the one thing that will bring our two heroes togetherin the end is the fact that their moms share the same name. (What astupid, stupid scene).Too much CGI, too much future movie setups, too many real-life mediapersonality cameos (Jon Stewart and Nancy Grace, really?) and too manythings going on that aren't really important, even for a 3 hour movie.The soundtrack (Hans Zimmer, mind you) and fight choreography is alsosurprisingly bad for this budget level.As far as the actors go, Jesse Eisenberg is believable as an obnoxiouscartoon psychopath, but he's no Lex Luthor. (Terrible, terrible castingchoice.) Ben Affleck makes a half-decent fat psycho Batman (he's notthis movie's biggest problem, by far). Henry Cavill is capable of somuch more but his character is never used in any meaningful way. GalGadot is predictably gorgeous as Wonder Woman but I don't reallyunderstand how she got the part through that thick Israeli accent. Or,was that a deliberate choice, as part of her character background? I'msure we'll find out in the incoming stand alone movies, no doubt.Please stop handing over the next DC Universe projects to Zack Snyder.Jesus, studio executives really have no idea, do they? (Allegedly theygave this movie a standing ovation on a private screening beforelaunch.) I thought Man of Steel was surprisingly decent for it's reputation, butthis is just stupid.