The clue was in the title all along and I just failed to see it.It's like the studio and creative minds behind this disaster were sostoked with the idea of having Superman and Batman fight each other,they couldn't have a coherent thought after to come up with any form ofa story. So they let Zack Snyder make a movie to satisfy the 10 yearold in him. Major spoilers ahead!I thought there were 3 very strong, compelling ideas from the trailers,but the movie failed to delivery on them1. Batman's aggression towards Superman. 3/4th of this movie isdedicated to this. In fact Batman wants to KILL Superman. And finally,when the moment arrives, Batman stops because his mother's first nameis the same as Superman's mother's. And so they become the best offriends. Just like that.2. People of earth's distrust of Superman, due to the events from thefirst movie. This too runs through most of the movie, with Supermantrying to earn some brownie points by saving a few people. The factthat there is a public hearing against him, indicates that people arenot buying it. But in the end, after his supposed death, why does he aget a military/hero style funeral? Why is the country mourning? Did Imiss something? Especially since there is confusion on what happenedduring the hearing.3. The public hearing: This should have been a really powerful scene.If Superman were to concede, then he'd be answerable to the people andhe would not get to be the hero we know he is. The same, if he did notconcede. I was giddy with anticipation when this scene started and wasimmensely disappointed when the Senator starts mumbling. Zack Snydertook the path of least resistance.- - - - - -I guess after the writer's gave up on the main ideas, they didn't careabout smaller plot points- Superman has no remorse for the destruction he caused in the firstmovie. In the big fight he smashes Batman through a building causingthe building to collapse. Ditto for Doomsday, smashes him in to a powerplant of some sort. He is not even thinking about anyone's safety.- Just like in the first movie, there is an apocalypse leveldestruction. Superman himself contributes to some of it. Thousands areprobably killed, but superman only saves Lois Lane- Superman threatens Batman that he can easily kill Batman, twice.Sounds like a bully to me- Batman STEALING from Lex Luthor so HE gets to exact revenge onSuperman- Batman uses guns, not to intimidate, but actually kill. He evendreams of gun battles.- The govt. has Zod's body and the ship for 2 years. Luthor comes upwith the idea that since the ship has a bio-metric security, he can useZod's body to gain access. It did not cross anyone else's mind- One alien craft/tech is lying in the Indian Ocean for 2 years. Nonation/military has claimed it. Local fishermen are freely swimming toit and breaking away pieces- The all powerful Kryptonian key has no security what so ever. Anyonecan use it. Even Lex Luthor. It only unlocks EVERYTHING, why should itbe secure?- Kryptonians have banned the technology to create Doomsday. It's sodangerous, they decide not to remove it from the system but keep it,with so minimum security that it can be enabled with a simple voicecommand by a non-Kryptonian.- There is no compelling reason behind Lex Luthor's hatred towardsSuperman. How does he stand to gain or lose?- There is no villain, purpose, motive or problem to solve in thestory. Doomsday appears so that Zack Snyder can once again have acity-leveling battle.- Why is Doomsday angry with Superman? Since he is made from Zod &Luthor's genes, does anger/hatred towards someone pass through genes?- When Batman steals the Kryptonite, it would have spoiled whateverLuthor had planned, but Luthor just eggs Superman to fight Batman likethey were in cahoots. How does Luthor know what Batman has planned? Howdoes he know about the battle royale. Has he read the comic?- Why is Batman not suspicious of the other meta beings? Why does hethink they are friendly and will help? And against what? Why does hethink he will need their help? How come Luthor is in on this?- Why does Luthor have well designed logos for each meta human? - Why was wonder woman so concerned with being exposed? According tothe photo, she had already revealed herself, in FULL COSTUME. So whythe secrecy? And why come out of hiding when she sees lightening comingfrom the dome? She did not feel the need when world was practicallygetting destroyed in the first movie.- Why does Luthor introduce Bruce Wayne and Clark Kent to each other?BW is a billionaire, but CK? Why would anyone care about him?- Superman stops the car chase. Literally allowing the bad guys toescape. He may not like Batman's methods, but he couldn't figure out ifBatman's giving a chase, he's after bad guys?!- In the midst of deafening destruction Superman can hear Lois Lane.But his mother...his hearing, speed, x-ray vision...he doesn't evengive it a shot. And of course Batman finds her in a jiffy because heis...... the list goes on...but IMDb has a word limit...I can't believe such a high profile movie had no thought put behind it.Amateur hour. A total disservice to a 75 year legacy and to the fans. Ihope the remaining DC movies are scrapped or they finally pulls theirsocks up.