It seems as though viewers of Batman v. Superman are split solidly intotwo camps: completely loving it or totally hating it. As simplistic asthis may sound, this is because the movie has MANY elements that areeither absolutely amazing or cringe-worthily awful, with very fewscenes of true Hollywood neutrality/mediocrity.Normally I would shy away from doing this, but because of the nature ofthe film, I believe a hate/love list would do the most justice (ba-dumb tiss).LOVED:- The movie tackled some quite sophisticated themes for the modern- dayHollywood, let alone for being a superhero movie. There was a deeper,intellectual debate that made me surprisingly introspective. MOREIMPORTANTLY, the main characters also choose opposing sides on thesematters, and Snyder kept the themes prevalent throughout the film.- Dark nature of the film makes the impossible idea of a superhero-laden universe just a tad more believable. At least, it's a step- awayfrom the relentlessly light-hearted Avengers movies where the mostemotional trauma suffered is from that of the death of a very minorside-character.- The new, "bulky, shock-troop, vengeful" Batman is VERY convincing. I,too, was skeptical of Ben Affleck being cast as the new Dark Knight;however his performance/portrayal will leave you pleasantly surprised(subjective, but I was rooting for him!).- Hans Zimmer does it again! The soundtrack was characteristicallyamazing. It's sad to hear that he is mulling retirement.- For those with a more primal focus (I kid!), the action sequenceswere very entertaining, despite the fact that some of the CGI waslackluster. My favorite scene was hands-down the (K)nightmare.HATED: - I'm trying VERY hard not to give anything away, but the bigcharacter-switch of the movie was completely unconvincing. Not only didthis character have a long-standing, fervent opinion on certainmatters, but they uproot their beliefs on how things should be done andcompletely switch sides in literally a matter of seconds. A sloppy,lazy character "development" that they tried to justify with a veryweak excuse aimed at the character's past.- Keep your pitchforks in the garage, because Wonder Woman was great,BUT! she stole absolutely imperative screen-time from Superman. The Manof Steel rarely found combative success in the movie and could haveused more time in the spotlight (it is Batman vs. Superman after- all). - Main "villain", a.k.a., the CGI Punching Bag, was such a boringcop-out. My problem with monsters as villains is that they arecompletely un-empathetic and their actions aren't twistedlyjustifiable. You'd think that after the Joker's success in the DarkKnight, they'd have figured it out.- Batman vs. Superman was horribly predictable. If you've seen it,you'll know what part(s) I'm talking about. This may be typical in thesuperhero-film industry, but come on, get a little risky every once ina while.Side-Notes: A) Any (superhero) movie is far better when experienced in theaters, Isuggest you check this one out while it's still playing.B) 2 1/2 hours may seem like a long time, but as long as you havecomfortable chairs, a lot of popcorn, and an appreciation for thoroughplot-detailing and hidden Easter-eggs, you'll be just fine.Love it, hate it, or come away having both feelings at the same time,should you choose to see Batman vs. Superman, you'll experience one ofthe three. It's hard to walk away from this film with the mere feelingof, "Eh, that was okay. Might see it again, who knows?"