The film starts off with a recap of Batman's origin story as an openingcredit sequence, which was fine to be honest. Well until it getssurreal having childhood Bruce Wayne being lifted up by hundreds ofbats...thanks Snyder for the first of many dream sequences in thismovie. After that it immediately cuts to the events that occurred atthe end of "Man of Steel" with Metropolis being destroyed, only fromBruce Wayne's perspective. Nothing connecting the dots between himbeing a child and the attack, it just assumes that everyone knows whoBatman. So anyone unfamiliar will probably think that Superman is thereason Batman probably exists...which wouldn't be too far-fetched, butstill. After the pretty explosions, it cuts again a year and a halflater to Lois Lane getting captured in the desert and saved bySupes...he kills a man...yeah, remember that that little thing that"Man of Steel" sprung up at the last minute with Superman being soupset that he took a life? Well now he just doesn't care. First thinghe does in this movie is charges into a man at full speed and busts himthrough several cement walls. He's dead. From there the story gets convoluted. There's a plot line with LoisLane that really has no effect on the overall story, could have beencut. Lex Luthor has it out for Superman, so he gets his hands on a bigrock of Kryptonite and is trying to get the approval of the governmentto weaponize it. That's a thing for about ten minutes until he decidesto blow up congress and frame Supes for it. Batman is trying to get hishands on the Kryptonite so he can weaponize it himself because hedoesn't trust Superman. While that's going on, Superman is busy withexplosions and floods throughout the entire world that it just nowdawned on me...how does he have any time off? Does he just ignore orthe death and mayhem so that he can pretend to be a journalist? Andwhen he's a journalist he's clearly not a very good one since his bossis constantly telling him that he's in the sports section, yet Clarkkeeps writing his articles about Batman in Gotham City, for no otherreason than because the title is "Batman v. Superman".I have to touch on something that will probably enrage the hardcorecomic book fans of Batman...Batman kills people, and I don't mind inthe slightest. And I don't mean that he does it by accident; no, I meanhe straight up murders the baddies.In the third act Superman gets his mother kidnapped by Lex Luthor. Soinstead of looking for her, he bows down to Luthor's orders to kill theBat. Revealing that Luthor was behind all the letters that Wayne wasgetting that influence him to hate Superman more. So I guess Luthorknows who Batman is? So Superman goes to Batman for help, but of courseit's a Zack Snyder film so there's not going to be any charactershaving a real conversation here. So they fight, for about five minutesand then they're the best of friends because their moms have the samename...yep. So they team up, fight a CGI monster and cause so muchproperty damage with the help of Wonder Woman. Oh yeah, that wasanother subplot that the script was juggling so they could shoehorn insome Easter eggs for the Justice League. So they fight. And fight.Things blow up. The "epic music" is blaring. More explosions. Supermansacrifices himself in order to stop all the CGI from consuming thescreen. And I have no emotional attachment to his death whatsoever. Ireally couldn't care less and that is probably the biggest insult thisfilm gives. This is a guy I have watched two whole films now and Idon't even know him. There is nothing more to him other than he'sSuperman. No personality lies beneath the suit, no life to him. Just abody to hold up fists. And we all know that he's not really dead. Atthe very end after giving even more crammed in exposition about formingthe Justice League, it's seen that there's proof that he still lives.Pointless.This was a huge disappointment; other than showing some potential for asolo Batman film with Ben Affleck, this was awful. I had my concernsgoing in, but I was still optimistic about there being a really fun andcool Superman/Batman movie again. Many people say that it's best to setyour expectations and standards low so that a film may have an easiertime surpassing them and the viewer may come out having a better timewith the film. I don't believe in that, I feel that a person should gointo a film expecting to have a good time, we should be entertained oreven be made to think afterward. A movie should never get a free passin being given a low bar to reach in order to be considered a "good"movie. A film should be good on its own merits and nothing more. Thiswas not a good movie and I won't set my standards lower so it can becalled good. This was a train wreck in almost every way that "Man ofSteel" was, if not more so. I'm sure that no matter what though,everyone will go to see it and it will collect its fan base just as"Man of Steel" did. So if you walk out of this film loving it, I don'tblame you and I probably get why. But for me, I need a lot moresubstance than style in order to have a good time.