Ever since the announcement of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Iwas excited at the prospect of pitting two of biggest superheroes ofall time, but also apprehensive at how they were going to make such amovie. A lot of people will enjoy the spectacle, but feel a littledisappointed that it didn't reach the heights we wished it would. Thisis what I felt after leaving the theater. Directed by Zach Snyder, whowas also at the helm of Man of Steel, he brings in all the action andenjoyment you would want in a typical superhero movie, and is shownthrough some cool fighting scenes and more emotionality from all thecharacters. I'm going to split this up into what is a good, OK and badin the movie.The good stuff first. What I really liked in this movie was BenAffleck's portrayal of the Dark Knight, and how he approached being thehidden, crime-fighting superhero. His performance was strong and solid,and I enjoyed the brutality he brought to the field. I was worried whenI heard the criticism of him being casted as Batman because I thinkhe's a good actor and can really make a movie his own. I also enjoyedGal Gadot and Wonder Women. I thought she gave the movie a good push,but I wished that they gave her a bit more screen-time as she had theability to really take the spotlight from the other heroes. Back toBatman, I really liked how he approached Superman and his motivestowards killing him. His work on Superman's history and weaknesses wasquite interesting to watch, as well as him working closely with hisbutler, Alfred, played by Jeremy Irons. I enjoyed Jeremy Ironsportrayal as it was different from the Alfred we've seen in countlessBatman movies. He still helps build suits and gadgets for his battlewith Superman despite his doubts over Bruce's decision. Overall, BenAffleck's portrayal of Batman is one of the best parts of the movie,but I still believe Christian Bales version is slightly better. Movingon from the characters, the action was hectic but in a good way. Eachaction sequence brought in new detail to the story, and showed off eachheroes and villains abilities to its full potential. I especially likedwhen Superman arrives to meet Batman near the end of the movie and theDark Knight says, 'well....here I am'.Now, some of the things that weren't good, but not bad either.Something basic to start off with is the plot. The title is quitemisleading and the plot is messed up with many sub-plots which take youaway from the real battle. The story sounds complex but is very simple,which makes it a whole lot easier for the viewer. Another thing aresome characters I haven't mentioned yet, in particular Lex Luthor andSuperman. Superman, played by Henry Cavill, was a bit boring and bland,and he didn't really bring anything exciting or jaw-dropping to thetable like Batman or even Wonder-Women did. Lex Luthor on theother-hand was as crazy and weird as the Joker himself. He completelywent over-the-top, but I didn't entirely mind it. It's hard to ratehim, especially as I like Jesse Eisenberg as an actor, it's just thatLex didn't completely feel right. Also, I found him really annoying insome scenes. Another character is Doomsday. Like Lex, I didn't mind himin the context of the story, and during some parts of the final fight,I found him unnecessary. I guess he was just there to kill offSuperman, which I also didn't mind if it continues on the DC universefranchise. But, it did take me by surprise that DC would take thiscause of action, even for the benefit of the Justice League and othermovies.Lastly, the bad stuff. The editing is quite horrible actually. Never ina superhero movie have I seen badly transitioned scenes or a change incontext. At some stages of the movie it put me off. To extend on thatis that there were too many scenes that had little to no influence onthe plot, and too many dream sequences. Even though some will haveconnections to future movies, I disliked it a lot. These scenes onlymade the movie longer than it should've been. The two things I hatedthe most with the first being really laughable is the reason Batman andSuperman stop fighting and all the hatred towards Superman. So thefirst point?I just laugh in my head sometimes thinking about that.Plus, the choice of words from Superman. Why say Martha when hecould've just said that his mother was kidnapped by Lex, and not waitfor Lois to tell Batman at the end of the fight. The second reallyannoyed me because when Superman does die, you felt very little sadnessor sympathy for him. There are many other little nit-picks which Iwon't mention because some a pretty obvious when you see the movie.Overall, it's an average movie, not great, with many flaws in its plot,but as a fan of the superhero genre, I enjoyed seeing two of the mostprolific comic-book heroes' face-off against each other.