Well, the wait is finally over. Batman and Superman are in a big screenfilm together for the first time in history. The result? A sloppyattempt at setting up the DC Universe. Batman v Superman has itsmoments though with great performances from almost every one and actionthat could rival Man of Steel, but it was difficult to not walk out ofthis film and feel overwhelmingly disappointed. For a film thatfinished filming over a year ago, you would think Zack Snyder andWarner Bros would make all the effort in the world to edit in and outthe stuff that's important and tighten the movie, but that isn't thecase. It's directed by the aforementioned Snyder and stars almost the entireMan of Steel cast along with Ben Affleck and Jeremy Irons as Batman andAlfred respectively. The performances are mostly great all around,including Amy Adams, who unfortunately felt out of place for most ofthe film. I have no problem with Adams' portrayal or the character ofLois Lane being in the film, but she was misused and overused here. Sheand General Swanwick from the first film have several small scenes thatare used for us to find out more about Lex Luthor. But the problem is,it's a good 15 minutes of the film that could have shaved down to 3 or4 minutes worth of scenes.Speaking of Lex Luthor, the casting of Jesse Eisenberg caused a bigstew of controversy when it was first announced, and I think it waswarranted. I've seen the film twice now and had different opinions bothtimes. The first time I was entertained by Lex but also confused as towhy they went the route they did with the character. The second time, Iwas annoyed by the performance and the over the top portrayal of whatshould be a menacing villain. A few scenes here and there had thoseclassic Luthor aspects that I've loved from the animated series andfilms, but the tone they went with for Eisenberg's performance justdoesn't work. There's little humor in an incredibly dark film, and Lexseems like he's from a completely different film. The other big problem the film unfortunately has is its title andmarketing. Most of the marketing material was well done and proposed"the greatest gladiator match in the history of man", but the realityis that it's merely 10 minutes of a 2 and a half hour film. The fightitself is phenomenal. It doesn't hold a candle to the fight in thecomic book/film "The Dark Knight Returns", but it's probably the bestpart of Batman v Superman. The focus was all over the place though.Everything from the fight onto the ending is good cinema, but man doesit take a long time to get there. I actually sat in the theater sayingto myself "I'm kind of bored right now". How in the world does thathappen in a superhero film, let alone a Batman film?There are still plenty of great aspects to this film, however. DianeLane has a few heart-warming and gut-wrenching scenes. LaurenceFishburne provides some good comic relief as the head of the DailyPlanet, Perry White. Jeremy Irons gives us our most involved and bada**Alfred to date. Even Gal Gadot, another questionable casting choice,showed acting chops that I didn't think she had here and got me excitedfor the Wonder Woman film next year. Which brings me to the weirdestpart about my feelings about this film. As many problems as there are,it didn't get me any less enthused for the future of the DCEU. Some fewsurprises in the film, tease Justice League which was neat. And I'mincredibly stoked for Ben Affleck's solo Batman film. With that said, Idon't think I can get that excited for Justice League if Snyder stilldirects. I have to believe many of the directing and editing mistakescame from him. But perhaps even Warner Bros themselves needs to takesome of the fault for giving Snyder too much reign? Another positivethough was Hans Zimmer's score, unsurprisingly. I loved the way him andJunkie XL managed to weave in Superman's theme with the new hauntingBatman theme.Ben Affleck may very well be the definitive Batman. Everyone knew hisBruce Wayne would be great but his Batman does not disappoint. Thereare scenes which rival the action in the Arkham video games in terms ofstyle, creativity, and fluidity. I couldn't be more excited for Affleckto write, direct, and star in the solo film whenever it may come out.I honestly can't believe I'm sitting here typing an average review fora film that's one of my most anticipated of all time, but I am. Thereare plenty moments of pure greatness here, but for every incrediblescene, there's an unnecessary or strange scene out of place. Sure, Ienjoyed the film more the second time I saw it, but I just can'tbelieve how sloppy of a filmmaking job this was. A missed opportunityfor Warner Bros for sure.+Affleck+Action+Last 40 minutes are awesome+Zimmer's score+Performances-Except for the tonally off performance by Eisenberg-Sloppy editing-Slow and almost boring first half7.2/10