"It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed thelessons of failure." -Bill Gates...let's just hope Zack Snyder really ponders this quote before hisnext film."Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice" is without doubt a film that hasbeen hoisted up by years of anticipation from fans of film and thecomics that have been built out of these iconic characters. A whisperon the lips of audiences the world over. A dream of a motion pictureevent that everyone has wanted to see since they've heard of thesepop-culture legends.So why'd it have to suck?Peppered with only a handful of moderately entertaining or engagingsequences while otherwise being overfilled with borderline- nonsensicalfiller. Gifted with only one or two stand- out performances whileothers fall flat to their face. Given only a few key visual sequencesof competent direction while other scenes fall apart from terribleguidance. And filled to burst with some of the laziest writing I'veever seen in a major release; where convenience, coincidence andpretentious dialog take precedence over honest character and plotdevelopment.It's a heartbreaking failure. Unable to live up to even a modicum ofthe limitless potential.Frankly, it's almost impossible to give a plot summary of the film, asit lacks any sort of cohesive narrative. Instead the experience is madeup of a seemingly random array of sub-plots that are tied together inonly the vaguest of ways. Something about Batman being against the ideaof Superman because he's kind-of responsible for the death of some ofhis friends? And Superman being against the idea of Batman because heviews the Dark Knight as nothing more than a crooked vigilante? And LexLuthor kind-of being against both of them for no reason whatsoever?(Luthor has no motivation whatsoever. Sorry, but he doesn't.) Andthere's some tenuous connection between Lex and ageneric-evil-Russian-guy that involves a bullet Lois Lane finds in thedesert, I guess? And there's some senator who can't decide if she'spro-or-anti Superman? And some guy who lost his legs and gets all ofthree scenes to show he's mopey? And a few Kryptonian ships that pop uphere and there but don't matter for 90% of their scenes? And WonderWoman is around for... some reason the film never explains? And Lex hassecret government documents on Meta-Humans that don't really tie intoanything? And Batman has recurring anti-Superman dreams that are whollyunnecessary? And Alfred keeps alluding to things involving Batman'scharacter that the film never establishes or pays-off?...And that's not me being sarcastic. That's me trying to give anhonest summary after viewing the film for a second time.Kinda insulting that the creative team behind the film implied theirmovie was "too smart" for people to get when the real cause of theaudience backlash and confusion was a bizarrely contrived script thatfelt like a first-pass rough draft cobbled together from threedifferent story treatments and haphazard directorial choices.Speaking of direction, it's the same old boring "let's shoot everythingin close-up shaky cam and desaturate the colors!" that makes up thebulk of modern action films. It's visually indecipherable from 99% ofthe other sub-par crud that passes for entertainment these days,looking more akin directorially to a bad direct-to-video B-movie than amainstream release. And it's made all the worse because these are suchbeloved and iconic characters who deserve something better. It'sinsulting and it makes the reported $250 million budget looknon-existent on-screen when we don't see that money thanks toeverything looking so falsely artificial thanks to its textbookattempts at being "gritty." Zack Snyder's claim at being a visionary-something he genuinely earned at the beginning of his career thanks tomuch-better earlier credits such as "Dawn of the Dead" and "300"- hasbeen completely destroyed by this type of schlocky, condescending trashthat has encompassed his more recent work.And on the subject of the pink-elephants- Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman andJesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor are a hit and a miss respectively. While Iwon't spoil much of Gadot's presence to avoid spoilers, she's a lot offun. But Eisenberg... well, by now you know. He's a hammy mess. Everysecond mugging for the camera and chewing the scenery to the point ofbeing grating and hilarious for all the wrong reasons. I'm sure hethought he was being a fun, giddy, nutcase version of the character...but the thing is, he goes so far over-the-top that we're no longerlaughing with him... we're laughing AT him. A catastrophic performance.If there's any saving grace to this film, it's in the small handful oftruly decent performances from the likes of Amy Adams and particularlyBen Affleck, and for it's admittedly fun climax.Adams is a joy as Lois Lane, and is able to give the film it's onlyreal dramatic grounding in her somewhat-limited screen time. AndAffleck is a phenomenon as our new Caped Crusader. Affleck injects alot of organic pathos into the character of Bruce Wayne/Batman, andalso gives us a really good vision of Batman's detective-side. He alsojust kicks some major butt when he's under the cowl! The fact he's notonly starring in, but allegedly directing his stand-alone Batmanfeature makes me excited. He's one of the finest on-screen portrayalsof the character thus far, and his incredibly gifted sense of filmdirection will do the character much better than the disservice thatSnyder achieved here.And without spoiling anything, the climax is wickedly entertaining froma pure and visceral level, and it's the one section of the film I'd sayis worth seeing. It's just a shame you have to slog through about twohours of aimless garbage to get to it."Batman V Superman" is a 3 out of 10. A heartbreaking failure.