The Saw franchise went downhill since the original back in 2004. Thoughit was assumed to have ended in 2010, another sequel has arrived sevenyears later. My main concern with this was the fact that it wasprobably going to end up being another film that's made for fans ofviolence and gore, who enjoy this series just for the traps and whomakes it out alive. While Jigsaw is exactly that, there are many morelayers to this film than I was expecting, making for a somewhatenjoyable viewing experience. I won't be recommending this movie toanyone who has never seen a previous installment, nor will I recommendit to those who have and have disliked it from the beginning. Jigsawisn't going to win any new fans over, but in terms of popcorn horrorentertainment, I think you can still do much worse than Jigsaw. Ittries very hard to please hardcore fans, and I truly believe that itdoes so. This really isn't all that great of a movie, but let's diveinto why it's better than it deserves to be.Like always, you follow the police as they try to solve the mystery ofthe ongoing puzzle so that they can try and save as many lives aspossible. These films exist for their traps nowadays, but I have togive credit where credit is due and offer some applause to the neatlittle twists this movie pulls off throughout its final act. Like mostof these sequels, the twists are too little and too late, but you cantell that the writers care about trying to give the audience a littlemore than just killing people in inventive ways.The characters throughout this film receive some backstory, but that'salso the biggest issue I had with this movie as a whole. Looking backon it, I appreciate the fact that each of the characters throughout thecore game was fleshed out more than I was expecting them to be, butthey honestly make you hate every one of the players, which was a hugedistraction from me, having absolutely nobody to root for. Yes, themajority of these movies are like that, but there was always someone tolatch onto, hoping they would make it out alive. Instead, we receive aslew of characters that have all made terrible decisions in the past,forcing you to slightly be okay with what the killer is doing to them.Although I didn't care about any of the characters, Jigsaw found a wayto win me over in the end, with a few very clever reveals, making thecharacters themselves seem less relevant anyway. You don't go into aSaw movie to see fleshed out characters, but when a movie can grounditself and invest you even in the slightest, points can be given forthat. The character of John Kramer is the character who's fleshed outthe most here, giving a small, but detailed level to the franchiseitself, which was quite the surprise for me.The deaths themselves are pretty impressive in terms of being memorablebecause everything from Saw IV to Saw VII is a complete blur to me.I'll be remembering some of the set pieces when looking back on Jigsawand that's easily more than I was able to say about most of the sequelsthat this franchise has offered through the years. There are nods toprevious deaths throughout some of the games and there's definitely areason behind that, which makes it worth waiting until the end.Overall, like I said, Jigsaw won't win over any new viewers, but fansof the franchise will be able to appreciate the cleverness that it hasto offer when it ties itself into the timeline of the series. Thedialogue is very generic, the story itself isn't anything you haven'talready seen, and the characters are extremely forgettable. That beingsaid, the traps are fun, the conclusion is satisfying for those whohave followed the series from the beginning, and the spirit of theoriginal is still present enough to warrant a recommendation forhardcore fans. Jigsaw works for what it sets out to achieve, but it'sstill the same old schtick. I had a fun time with this movie becauseI've seen every other film in the franchise and I still found this oneof the best. It's really not that bad in retrospect.