Everyone assumed Saw: The Final Chapter was the last we'd seen of the"torture porn" / "gorno" franchise, featuring Billy the Puppet and thetorture traps, but Halloween came along, and this eighth entry,directed by the Spierig Brothers (Daybreakers). Basically criminalEdgar Munsen (Josiah Black) is chased by police to a rooftop, despitewarning he activates a triggering mechanism, he is shot and severelyinjured by police Detective Halloran (Callum Keith Rennie) and hisfellow officers. Elsewhere, five people are being held captive in arun-down barn, each with mechanical helmets, and a metal noose aroundtheir neck leading to a wall of buzz saws. A tape recording of JohnKramer, aka the Jigsaw Killer (Tobin Bell), explains that to escapethey must sacrifice blood, and confess their sins, the chains pull,four manage to survive, cutting themselves, but one man stillunconscious is left behind and apparently dies. The next test revealsthat captive Carly (Brittany Allen) accidentally caused the death of anasthmatic woman, following a handbag robbery. There are three syringes,one an antidote for the poison in her body, one a saline solution, onea potent acid, she must inject herself with one to save the others frombeing hanged, volatile group-member Ryan (Paul Braunstein) stabs withall three syringes, Carly's face melts and she dies. During the games,Halloran and his partner Detective Keith Hunt (Clé Bennett) investigatethe deaths when the bodies are discovered, Halloran is suspicious offorensic pathologists Logan Nelson (Matt Passmore) and EleanorBonneville (Hannah Emily Anderson), Logan is a military veteran andformer doctor, his wife was killed two years ago. Munsen is kidnappedfrom the hospital by an unseen assailant, the police rule out JohnKramer as the killer, he has been dead for ten years, the policecaptain orders his body to be exhumed to be sure, Munsen's body isfound in the coffin. In another room, Ryan tries to cheat and escapethrough a door marked "No Exit", his leg is trapped by razor wiresbeneath the floor, fellow group members Anna (Laura Vandervoort) andMitch (Mandela Van Peebles, Mario's son) get trapped inside a grainsilo. A taped message explains they will be buried in grain, and killedby falling debris, if Ryan does not pull a lever to free them, Ryaneventually agrees, pulling the lever severs his leg, Anna and Mitch arereleased. Mitch is tested next, a taped message reveals he sold amotorcycle with faulty brakes to a young man, revealed as John Kramer'snephew, resulting in his death, Anna tries to help, but Mitch islowered into a spiral-shaped blade, and is shredded to death. Logan andEleanor talk in a bar, then she takes him to her "studio", revealingherself as an obsessive fangirl of the Jigsaw Killer, with replicas ofmany of his previous traps, she worries this could incriminate her.Detective Hunt has followed them and informs Halloran, Logan convinceshis old friend Hunt to not arrest them, mentioning Halloran's pastdealings with Edgar Munsen, Eleanor deduces the location of the barngame, Halloran pursues her and Logan. Anna tries to cheat and escape,she is captured by someone in a pig mask, she awakens with a gravelywounded Ryan, both are chained in a room, the hooded figure is revealedto be John Kramer. He reveals he was Anna's neighbour, and that shesuffocated her baby in a fit of rage, but blamed her husband, plantingthe body next to his, making it appear he accidentally smothered thechild, her husband committed suicide because of this. John explainsthat Anna and Ryan have not yet earned their survival, he places aloaded gun inbetween them, saying it is their "key" to their survival,Anna misinterprets this and tries to shoot Ryan, but the gun is rigged,it backfires and kills her, Ryan sobs, realising the key was in the gunchamber, it is now destroyed. Logan and Eleanor investigate the barn,Halloran ambushes them, Eleanor escapes, Halloran pursues her, but isdrugged and taken by an unseen assailant, he and Logan wake up chained,wearing collars rigged with laser cutters. The two are told that theymust confess all of their sins or else they will die, Halloran forcesLogan to go first, Logan confesses he made the mistake of mixing JohnKramer's x-rays, causing his cancer to be diagnosed when it was toolate, despite confessing, the lasers appear to kill Logan. Halloranconfesses and admits allowing many criminals and murderers to walk freefor personal gain, the lasers deactivate, then suddenly Logan standsup, he faked his death to make Halloran confess. Logan reveals that thebarn game took place ten years ago, he was the man unconscious, JohnKramer saved him, feeling he should not die out of error, Johnsubsequently made Logan his apprentice. The bodies found were actuallycriminals that Halloran allowed to walk free, and were placed in thesame tests he was supposed face ten years prior, Logan also revealsthat Munsen, one of the criminals allowed free, murdered his wife. ButHalloran did not confess all of his sins, and broke the rules, he willdie and be framed as the new Jigsaw Killer, the lasers are reactivated,Logan slams the door as Halloran's head is sliced apart. Also starringEdward Ruttle as Matt Michael Boisvert as Lee James, Sam Koules asMelissa, Troy Feldman as Officer Palermo and Shaquan Lewis as OfficerSolomon. When I read Tobin Bell was in the cast, I questioned if he wasback from the dead, this thought continued all the way through thefilm, you do have to concentrate a little harder, but the formula hasnot changed too much, the traps are just as vicious, the amount ofblood spill and over the top deaths are nasty, and the story just aboutcomes together for the twist conclusion, a welcome return and aworthwhile horror. Very good!