From 2004 to 2010, we were greeted with a Saw film once everyHalloween. Each film built on the foundation of the previous film,literally deeming them as iterations of one another. Now that time haspast between films and new films and ideas have come out since then inthe torture porn genre (I hate using that phrase, especially todescribe the first film), new ground had to be broken. There are die-hard Saw fans like myself who know most every little intricacy of thefirst seven films, but nobody cares about the old formula anymore. Ittired itself out. Instead of reiterating, it was now time to innovate.Enter co-writers Josh Stolberg & Pete Goldfinger and co-directorsMichael & Peter Spierig, and in Halloween of 2017 you get Jigsaw.All of this follows an eerily similar path to the Jurassic Parkfranchise. JP had sequels that, while in-name they hold their own,after a while started turn away some moviegoers and even got close tojumping the shark if it continued down the beaten path. So they createdsome space between themselves for some years, and came back with are-branding. Both films (Jigsaw and Jurassic World) serve as standalonefilms if you so want to treat them as such or jump into them anew, playoff their respective first films in terms of content and paying properhomage, modernize themselves and play more to a general casual audience(Jigsaw domestically, JW globally), can and probably will churn out itsown set of sequels, and let veterans of the franchises appreciate thesmall bits that played off any one of the previous installments.Jurassic World lives in a PG-13 setting though and caved in to moreHollywood tropes (including CGI), plus is a much higher budget film,but Jigsaw still breaks a lot of new ground that will not playfamiliarly to the Saw films of old.When Darren Lynn Bousman jumped on board to direct Saw II, he noted inthe commentary track what some of the 'staples' were for the franchise,including quick-cuts. While I don't agree with that assessment, thiscontinued for his next two films in the franchise, and directors DavidHackl and Kevin Greutert followed up with a similar format. The filmsalso found themselves in flashback haven, remained almost exclusivelywithin interior settings, and centralized a set of characters toconnect within a small universe. Jigsaw opens up to the feeling thatthis is taking place in a larger city and environment, lettingcharacters in and out of the games explore more and be realer people(in that they do not just serve the purpose of the film alone, likethey have lives outside of what we see). The framing of the film haschanged, the color palette has widened, Charlie Clouser's score is notas in-your-face, and the production simply doesn't feel as cheap. Rightsteps were made in making this film much more accessible, and I seethis continuing in the future.While Jurassic World actually seems to remove the sequels from canon(we will see if that's true with Jeff Goldblum's appearance in FallenKingdom), Jigsaw plays strongly in the sense that if you go withoutseeing, recalling, or keeping in mind Saw 4-7, you will be okay.Hoffman is completely out of the picture in Jigsaw, never oncementioned or concerned about. The only traits to be aware of in thosefilms was that John lost a child, was once in a relationship with JillTuck, and there was an autopsy performed on his body. In fact, youcould just as easily disregard specifics about Saw II and Saw III, andyou will probably be okay. Knowing that John Kramer was killed in thethird film just might be enough.This one really mostly plays off the first film to be most effective,though. Aside from the elaborateness of the traps and games being made(which could transition more smoothly seeing the other seven filmsfirst), we can leave the first film understanding that a cancer-stricken individual puts victims in life-or-death scenarios because ofmoral sins they have committed, and if killed get a puzzle piece cutout of their bodies. Seasoned individuals will also find some of thetwists in the new film somewhat predictable simply because they knowhow Jigsaw thinks (or really, how the writers think). There were over ahalf-dozen twists, and I probably guessed or suspected the majority ofthem. Didn't make the film any inferior because I'm sitting andthinking about the casual moviegoer experiencing this film, and I thinkthe best thing you can do for yourself now is at least see the firstfilm and heck even at most know the outcome of the original trilogy.Saw IV, V, VI and The Final Chapter now all end up being fan-serviceflicks, unless any Jigsaw sequels end up coming back to them more thanthey have now. I liked this movie. It could've been a complete garbage escapade likethe seventh film was, and it wasn't. This reignites the franchise afterit had stalled out and breathes fresh air. Maybe we will get a couplemore within the next few Halloweens, because there is something toexplore but I don't know how they'll want to do it. It is up to theircreative bones now, and I like that facet of it because they can makegood films if they try their darnedest in doing so.If this film interests you enough that you want to give the first filma chance and haven't yet, go to Netflix right now to check it out,consider completing the original trilogy if you loved it enough to seewhat happens next, and check out this film when you're able to. I'vereached my 1000-word limit, so now I'll just leave you here with myfranchise ranking:1, 3, 6, 2, J, 5, 4, 7