As a huge fan of the saw movies I felt severely let down by this movie.As Jigsaw is so highly advertised, you expect him to be the mastermindand back completely but expect disappointment. The other movies hadtrapped characters who had actual personalities that make you want themto live, plot twists they hadn't used before, returning characters fromprevious movies that you didn't expect and a continuing plot. Thismovie reused the plot from two previous Saw movies... Jigsaw'sapprentice being the mastermind the whole time (Saw IV, Saw VI and SawVII) and also what was shown to us and everyone had already happened(Saw II).. This was the movie to wrap everything up but had the worst twist out ofthem all, which hit harder due to the hype I felt believing Jigsawwould be back. One of the main issues I had with this movie is that itwas advertised and presented to us to have Jigsaw be the one behind therecent crimes but it wasn't even a returning character like Saw II andSaw VII had.. It was someone who meant nothing to us loyal fans andfeels like a slap in the face as the actor of Jigsaw/John Kramer (TobinBell) was actually there in the movie so it's not like they couldn'tbring him back. Now obviously we saw him die so it would have beendifficult to explain him still being alive but they teased us so manytimes with his return and as this is the supposed official finaleadvertised with Jigsaw we'd expect an amazing reason, an amazing twistto explain this. We see Jigsaw alive with dialog from another characterindicating confusion as to why he is but later on we just get a twistthat this part of the movie was set in the past.. I'd have rather beengiven a movie set at a point where he was alive rather than someone newwith no charisma.The actual "game" itself.. felt so uncared for with characters soboring and similar. Yes, there are characters we are supposed to hatebut not 4/5 of them and the only likable one dies in the middle of themovie. This is supposed to be the main thing in the Saw movies and tohave it as as not only end up as a side-plot, but to feel sounenjoyable is very disappointing. One scene in particular that didn't make sense either is that a girlneeded to take only 1 of 3 injections with 1 being an antidote topoison inside her another being harmless and another being acid but sherefused so another "player" injects her with all 3.. ensuring herinstant death which didn't make sense because he just needed to use 1and she would had a possibility of surviving or just not being harmedat that moment. She also knew the answer of which needle it was theantidote the whole time.