This one upset me. This was the most engaging saw film since 1. Lovedthe detective/crime story as usual and FOR ONCE I wasn't subjected tojust gory nonsense. It's a bit gruesome and grisly due to the morguephotos and dead bodies - oh yes there was blood - but they saved thebig gore till the end as a payoff. Loved it up until the end where itall falls apart. The ending itself was stupid. I would have laughed at the killers finalline (it's so PATHETIC compared to saw 1's 'game over') but I wassitting there with jaw on the floor from how BAD the ending was. Ruinedeverything. I even forgave the lapses in logic cuz it's saw and whensaw is good - it's fun. I thought the traps were well done and the silotrap was the best since maybe the shotgun tilt a whirl of 6. Too manythings unanswered, some missing characters...SPOILERSI thought the main chick was gonna be Jeff's daughter - and she wasn'tso I was really upset about that lol When the killer is revealed I wasdumbfounded... I liked the cast a lot and thought it was well writtenon the whole but just all comes apart at the reveal. Tobin's scene wasgreat - the highlight of the movie. I guessed that the game had alreadyhappened - seemed obvious right?What happened to Ella(?) and what happened to one leg guy? I thoughttobin was dr. gordon at first - then I remembered it already happened -but where is he? Where's Hoffman? I loved the cancer diagnosis angle -that was great but I was really hoping we'd find out her last name wasDenlan. I ended my fan edit of all films in one long ass movie with the"don't trust the one who saves you' part... I really thought that waswhere they were gonna go - with Jeff's daughter...oh well.END OF SPOILERSIn the end they got a lot right but the wrong ruined what was the bestone (maybe 3rd best) after the original. Really disappointed and I haveno idea how to include it my fan edit cuz it almost seems insulting toput it in cuz it has nothing to do with series almost. A real WASTE ofa good ride.I think the blade on this saw has finally dulled - this new directionjust seems like it will ruin the original series. That's what's SOmaddening about this movie - I loved it until the end. It was MORE thanmaking up for the unwatchable POS that was 7. So can I say watch it? Yeah but it will disappoint you but the ride isworthy enough if we still had videos stores. "Watch when it comes onTV" is vague and it sounds stupid. Wait for it on video was always aneasy good review lolI'd rank the films from best to last - Saw (4 stars - a classic in it's own way) Saw VI (4 stars - greatsequel) SaW IV (3 1/2 stars. Best twist in the series. bestmisdirection) Saw III (3 1/2 stars - it's just SO bloody and mean andnasty. A real mean spirited movie) Saw II (3 stars - good sequel. stillfun)Saw V (**1/2) I like it but only works as a piece and not it's ownmovie) Jigsaw (** stars) Almost best since original - terrible ending)Saw VII - utter trash. Used about 12 mins of it in my edit lol Peace.