Murder on the Orient ExpressKenneth Branagh, Director Overheard during Previews of Coming Attractions: "Well, I like LiamNeeson, but that looks stupid."We feel ya, lady seated in the next row back. We like Kenneth Branagh,and Johnny Depp, and Judi Dench, and Willem Dafoe, and MichellePfeiffer, and Penelope Cruz (well, sorta), and Josh Gad and DerekJacobi?but this movie is stupid.OK. Maybe we're out of line to say such a thing about this lushproduction full of all these beautiful people. There were at least acouple of noteworthy elements to this 70mm spectacle: 1. Branagh'smesmerizing mustache and 2. that super cool avalanche.It probably is unjust to impugn a film when you're not the intendedaudience. And there was fair warning. We knew going in that it was anAgatha Christie murder mystery; that Hercule Poirot would treat us likePerry Mason treated our mothers back in the day ? rudely!Condescendingly ? as though they were in the room, but unworthy of aglance let alone intelligent participation.But we went to MOE anyway. The previews were just so pretty.Also, we grant that it's not reasonable to downgrade a movie that weslept through, even if we snoozed only a very few minutes, 10 at themost. But let's be clear:Hercule Poirot is not normal. Yes, yes, we know, that's the premise.He's extraordinary. By his own declaration, he's "probably the greatestdetective in the world." But come on ? nobody is that deductivelygifted. Nobody. We wanted to set aside our disbelief, but we just couldn't. Maybebecause he is so irritatingly smug as he plies his powers ofobservation; though admittedly Branagh in the role brings a morelikable facet to Poirot, maybe when he gazes regretfully at the photoof his long-lost love, Katherine. (It's actually a pic of a young EmmaThompson, Branagh's ex!)And once, when he was rejecting the gangster Edward Ratchett's (JohnnyDepp) request for Poirot's services as a body guard, did he seem to beacting on normal, believable human instincts. The rest of the time Poirot ricochets from suspect to suspect, exposingtheir most obscure inclinations and carefully secreted skeletons withbarely a glimpse of their knuckles. He revealed Gerhard Hardman (WillemDafoe) as a phony because of a misplaced accent on one syllable of oneword! Lucky it had no impact on the plot.Hercule Poirot doesn't play nice. He has all the good clues and won'tshare them. His mode of operating is to spring them on us when it'smost likely to make us, embodied in his shadow tag-along, feel dumb ?less competent, less insightful ? than HE is. We want to play alongwith the detective thing and feel at least dull-normal in our abilityto track. But Poirot keeps all the real clues for himself, never givingthe viewer a fair shot.Speaking of which: Too many red herrings! O.M.G! Every passenger has aperfectly good motive and opportunity. The ins and outs of theconvoluted threads of the intertwined lives of the complexrelationships and the improbable likelihood of their all having E-tickets on the same train on the same day, across this scary computer-generated landscape ? well, it's more than an earnest crime solver canendure.The resolution is beyond implausible. Don't worry, we won't spoil itfor you here, but rest assured, if you're a normal, investigation-loving, CSI-binge watching, Forensic Files geek, you will be so angryby the time you get to the Last Supper tableau in the finale, you'llwant to turn on your cell phone right there in the theater and, and,and...what? Call your mother? Tell her what she already knows: All thisexposition of the inexplicable (in reasonable, believable terms) makesa movie-goer want to spin around and explode.Perfectly good actors left us unmoved because even though MOE is aperiod piece, NOBODY ever thought those thoughts or plotted those plotsor did those things. In this script their characters are useful only indelivering misdirection. So Golden Globe winner & Oscar nomineeMichelle Pfeiffer, as Mrs. Hubbard, is only to be avoided. Golden Globe& Oscar nominee Willem Dafoe, as Gerhard Hardman, barely rates adismissive shrug. And Golden Globe & Oscar winner Judi Dench ? DameJudi! ? whose glances can wither, seems bloodless and full of mothballs. Only Daisy Ridley, as Miss Mary Debenham, truly engages and challengesPoirot, and grips the audience with a true air of mystery.So, yeah. We probably weren't the intended audience and this is abiased review. This story, this movie, is of a time gone by. If you canstill enjoy Sherlock Holmes talking down to sweet old Watson, you'll befine. If you don't mind being treated as a lame second fiddle ratherthan a full on partner in solving the crime, well, this is the show foryou. Have fun watching Poirot in action.For today's mystery fans and crime solvers, not so much.*********Six DegreesDaisy Ridley in Murder on the Orient Express 1. Daisy Ridley in StarWars: The Force Awakens with Oscar Isaac 2. Oscar Isaac in Ex Machinawith Alicia Vikander 3. Alicia Vikander in Burnt with Bradley Cooper4.Bradley Cooper in Limitless with Robert De Niro 5. Robert De Niro inSleepers with Kevin Bacon