It was Mrs.Peacock in the conservatory with a dagger!Everyone loves a good murder mystery, this film allows the audience towatch the mystery unravel before their eyes as if they were playing theclassic board game of Clue. Murder on the Orient Express was written in1934 by Agatha Christie, is one of the most well known mystery novelsof all time. Kenneth Branagh brings this clue-like murder mystery novelto life. Branagh stars as Hercule Poirot, the worlds greatest detectivelooking to take a much needed vacation after solving a theft inJerusalem. During his travels, Hercule runs into his old friend Bouc,who happens to be the director of The Orient Express, he is offered aroom on the train after receiving a case from London. Once aboard the Orient Express, Hercule is met with thirteen unlikelystrangers together just for the sake of traveling. One of the firstcharacters we meet is Mr.Ratchett (Johny Depp) a business man who hadmade many enemies in his line of work. He had begun receiving lifethreatening letters and asked Hercule if he could be his body guard.Hercule declined and that same night the train was thrown off thetracks due to an avalanche and Mr.Ratchett was murdered. It was clearto Hercule that the murderer was still aboard the train and he mustfind his killer before they kill again. The Orient Express is the setting for the remainder of the film, thisluxurious and gorgeous train transports you back to the 1930s. The filmwas shot using 65mm lens which allowed for brighter colors, texture,and emphasized the significance of lighting. The use of lighting inthis film had to take you back to the 1930s and that's just what itdid. The 1930s primarily focused on the use of high-key lighting, thisis often unflattering and can be difficult to work with. However,Branagh uses this lighting to his advantage and brings out the beautyof every character. The music in this film was transcendent and broughtyou back to the 1930s with music by Patrick Doyle. His classical styleof music was a perfect fit for the movie and time period itrepresented.The breath taking long shots bring you aboard the Orient Express withthe rest of the cast. The entrance onto the Orient Express is a two anda half minute continuous shot that is very well choreographed. Thisshot introduces the characters that will be riding along with Hercule,this single shot brings you through the entire train and gives you thefeeling that you are actually aboard. This single shot was by fair themost impressive shot taken during this film, to have all the charactersin the perfect spots and to move at the appropriate times in order toget just two minutes of film must have taken days. This shot usedelaborate blocking elements such as other characters, windows, andprops to signify the camera movements, in this shot the charactersbecome apart of the mise-en-scene. The significance of using thecontinuous shot gives the scene a seamless view and really allows theaudience to focus on the beauty of the set and emphasizes themise-en-scene. The cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos also uses thereflection made by windows to create the divided personality of good vsevil within the charactersThis film has beautiful scenery, amazing shots, music that transportsyou, and breath taking lighting. However, your enjoyment will bedependent on your familiarity with the story, this remake feels as ifits main focus was to showcase the stars of this film. Having read thebook and seeing the original film, the typical final lineup scene ofthe suspects felt over dramatized and used to emphasize the talents ofeach actor. But if you are unfamiliar with the killer and are stillengulfed by the mystery, then the resolution will blow you away. Thefinal resolution brings forth character development for Hercule andends the film on a positive note. With this being said, the experienceof viewing this film allows for the audience to escape their ownreality and take a trip back in time, which is the sole purpose offilm.