I think it's been a while since we've seen a classic murder mysteryfilm. What's interesting is that there's thousands of books, but nottoo many of them get adaptations let alone into film. Why? Their noteasy to write and they manage to keep a lot of detail to plot andcharacter in order to twist and turn the final answer of "who did it".I can only conclude that mystery seems to have a better life ontelevision as in that medium, those elements can not only stretchfurther then a films runtime, but can probably better play around theviewers ideas on what's going on. Given all of that, today's movie is a remake of Murder on the OrientExpress, based off of the acclaimed novel by Agatha Christie. While Iknow she has written a large amount of books, her mysteries has beenadapted countless times. What made Murder on the Orient Express (andwhat a lot of mysteries had incorporated) good was how tight andclaustrophobic the situation was. It also had the luck of havingHercule Poirit, a detective with crazy attention to detail, to solvethe mystery. While he hasn't had the same attention as Sherlock Holmes,he's made his stance has his journeys have filled over thirty novels.Let's see if Murder on the Orient Express can improve from the previousadaptions. In 1934, Hercule Poirot (played by Kenneth Branagh) is about to embarkon a much needed break after solving a recent mystery in Jerusalem. Heis still under his oath that within most cases, there is only right orwrong. In needing to return to London, he's given a spot on the OrientExpress, which seems to be fully booked. He's approached by an Americanbusinessman Samuel Ratchett (played by Johnny Depp) to work for him,but Poirot declines. The next morning, Ratchett is found to have beenstabbed to death. An avalanche has also derailed the steam engine, stranding the rest ofthe passengers. Poirot decides to take the case to curb his boredom.It's on this train he interviews all the suspects; wet nurse Pilar(played by Penélope Cruz), scientist Gerhard (played by William Defoe),the princess Dragomiroff (played by Judi Dench) accountant Hector(played by Josh Gad), Doctor Arbuthnot (played by Leslie Odom Jr.),traveler Caroline (played by Michelle Pfeiffer), and Mary (played byDaisy Ridley).I better stop there as most mysteries are best when you know as littleas possible. Kenneth Branagh is also in the director's chair for Murderon the Orient Express, and for what I expected, I was surprised. Ihaven't seen the original, nor have I read the book, but I can say Iwas intrigued, even if the story is a tad overstuffed. It's common fora lot of mysteries to have a lot of characters, but given what exactlyis being solved, it may have benefited to cut two or three of thebackground characters in order to tighten everything. Though even with the over abundance of characters, all the main actorsshine, especially Kenneth Branagh, whose very likable and a fun guy tofollow. His accent and tone has the right balance of over-the-top andsubtle makes him seem like someone who could be that eccentric andsmart. If I had to pick my other favorites, I'd say that they wereJohnny Depp, Josh Gad, and Michelle Pfeiffer, who do a lot with thematerial their characters are given. That's not to put a damper oneveryone else. This is compelling enough that it goes a long with thelong dialogue.Now for those expecting a lot of action will want to look elsewhere.Murder on the Orient Express is very dialogue heavy, as a lot ofmysteries are. Where it can make up to curb boredom is thecinematography and editing. The movie is beautiful looking and containthe element of a grand scope feeling that most Kenneth Branagh movieshave. Many of the flashbacks are shown which has a neat "old Hollywood"look to them that gives this movie a bigger sense on nostalgia. I'll give this seven Orient Express trains out of ten. I can't fullyembrace this as great piece of art, but I'm glad I saw Murder on theOrient Express. The imagery looks nice enough that I'd recommend thatyou view it on the big screen. If your not looking for something thatis a definite slow burn, this isn't for you. Take the train and see ifthis kills for you.