We actually know what Agatha Christie would have thought of KennethBranaugh's bastardization of "Murder on the Orient Express." Shepredicted, in "Mrs. McGinty's Dead," that some idiot would dramatizeher books by adding sex and violence that was not in her original workand hypermasculinizing Poirot, while dumbing down her expert characterdevelopment in a way that insults the audience's intelligence. She knewit had to happen. And it has.So much about this movie was so bad, it was laughable. Branaugh's heavyhanded direction--"Look at me everybody! I'm so clever! I'm going toput Poirot on top of the train! underneath the train! on the side ofthe train! And film the train from every possible angle like a fightscene from the Batman TV series!" was the worst kind of in your facegrandstanding directing. The shots from above--and I mean directlyABOVE--the action were simply ridiculous.Branaugh even MADE SURE we ALL KNEW his Poirot was HETEROSEXUAL byrepeated non sequitur contrived references to a young, thin, pretty,white female love interest in a photo who had about as many lines(none) as the "prostitute" added to a scene with the creeped upMonsieur Bouc character, whose only line was to gush over meetingPoirot, when she wasn't simpering like a child. I honestly have neverbeen so repulsed by a handsome male character in my life as Bouc'spredatory lecher.What the heck was Branaugh thinking? The only thing worse than dumbingdown and sexing up the story with psychopathic violence and creepylechers was the hitting- you-over-the-head-with-oh-so-unsubtle whitesavior references to the terrible evils of RACISM!!! Please, someonesave us from Hollywood white male liberals bending over backwards to bepolitically correct about race and thinking they are sooooo progressivewhile maintaining the worst female madonna/whore lampshade charactertropes and adding stabbings, guns, fist fights and shootings not in theoriginal story. "Yes, I took a masterpiece and made it into a self serving piece ofcrap--but that's OK, because there's a black doctor who gets to makesome great speeches about how his white male friend helped him get intomed school."So...let's review. Branaugh ADDED to Christie's original story 1)Poirot's righteous finger pointing at the horrors of racism (adding anempowered black MALE character) and 2) Poirot chuckling with his buddy(wink wink) about buying and selling women for sex. In 1934. InIstanbul. Creating a disempowered female character known as "theprostitute" who does not even get a name and whose entire narrativepurpose is to stroke Branaugh/Poirot's ego and 3) adding a female loveinterest whose only narrative purpose is to proof Branaugh/Poirot's"manhood" who is literally an inanimate photograph and 4) malecharacters punching walls, fist fighting, stabbing and shooting peopleand 5) giving Poirot himself characteristics completely antithetical toChristie's beloved detective. As if we needed any more proof ofHollywood's hypocrisy in the treatment of women and sex in our filmsand normalizing toxic gender stereotypes in both male and femalecharacters.And the script! It read like some high school freshman TRYING to sounderudite. "Overt overture?" Uh...I was waiting for them to serve a"cheesy cheeseburger" in the dining car. Many of the lines would havebeen more appropriate in a Steven Seagal movie--"Why won't you DIE!"What!??!?!Only a fool would take one of the masterpieces of British literature bythe great Agatha Christie and make it into a pandering show of ego andarrogance, while insulting the audience's intelligence and pervertingChristie's moral dilemma on the definition of justice into a tale ofvigilantism and revenge by a bunch of thugs little better than the manthey murdered. I am HORRIFIED to think a whole new generation willthink THIS detritus has anything to do with Agatha Christie's novel. IfI could, I would give this film negative stars.Do yourself a favor. Watch David Suchet's virtuoso performance in the2010 Murder on the Orient Express. That production did Christie justiceand then some. Or better yet, read the book. Remember reading? Thenyou'll know that Branaugh should be tarred and feathered for what hedid to her epic magnum opus.No, Ken, you didn't have to mutate Christie's story to pander totoday's audiences. She is literally the best selling author of alltime. Christie needs no help. She appealed to people's humanity andintelligence, creating one of the most popular characters in thehistory of literature, not to mention a pantheon of assertive femalecharacters and humane male characters, breaking stereotypes 80 yearsago that, unfortunately, still survive today. All you did was play tothe lowest common denominator, appealing to our baser instincts whilemaintaining arguably the most brilliant whodunnit plot of all time. So,new audiences think this "cheesy cheeseburger" is great, not realizingthat they could have had filet mignon.And the tragedy is--she even predicted you would do it. Strip herlegacy of it's intelligence and humanity, add male and femalestereotypes and neanderthal violence all the while using her brilliantplot to make money. And you STILL did it.