I am loathe to put the boot in to any film but the barrage of publicityfor this, plastered all over the BBC news and chat shows - GrahamNorton and Andrew Marr interviewing the phalanx of "stars" in asuitable subservient way - has pushed this reviewer over the edge. Itis a film that didn't need a remake since the original was perfectlyacted and nuanced. Perhaps that is half the problem - I know the"solution" and therefore the denouement is no surprise- but there issomething more deeply flawed with this movie. Firstly - that moustache.Ridiculous and in the end it becomes something that you stare at andwonder just why something so outrageously stupid would NOT get in theway of what words the actor is actually saying. You stop listening andjust try and see where it is stuck on. Branagh stomps around thevarious scenes like Peter O'Toole in Lawrence of Arabia (even down towalking along the top of the snow-covered carriage as if he was king ofthe castle) and then addresses the suspects in a scene that isreminiscent of The Last Supper painting. Everywhere he goes everyoneknows him. Absolutely everyone. The opening scenes in Jerusalem areunnecessary and only serve to raise Branagh/Poirot into God like statuswhere the population of the city are happy to take his word and tramplea suspect policeman to death. No jury, no trial, lynch mob rules. Allof which seems to bother the guardian of justice not one jot.Cut to the train - at last. We hear that the train is full and thatPoirot will have to share a cabin for at least one night. As wediscover that there are just 12 passengers on the whole train Iwondered what happened to all the other empty berths on the othercarriages. Let's just pass over that one. We are now introduced to thevarious characters. I don't know how much these stars got paid for thismovie but boy, apart from Michelle Pfeiffer, they don't have too manywords to say. The main action is sitting around looking suspiciously ateach other. Depp is mostly unintelligible evidenced by his recentperformance on the Graham Norton show where he found it difficult tostring two words together. It is only Branagh who has the dialogue -and he works it as hard as he can into some kind of Shakespeareandialogue. Judi Dench plays the part Wendy Hiller took in the 1974 film.I know Dench is supposed to be the public's "favourite" but Hiller'ssneering haughtiness will remain one of the highlights of the earlierfilm long after this one is forgotten.In the novel and the 1974 film the train gets stuck in a drift. Here itis struck by an avalanche and teeters on a wooden viaduct. Ain't CGIwonderful? The engine is derailed but never fear he comes a gang of tenworkers who will dig away the snow and pull a 100 ton engine back on tothe tracks - with their bare hands. Marvellous.And the music score? Possibly the most disappointing part of the wholefilm when one considers the classic Richard Rodney Bennett score forthe 1974 film. Patrick Doyle's offering is just insipid and uninspired.The closing credits roll with some vapid pop song burbling away in thebackground. Well, if you've never seen the 1974 film and you don't know the endingyou may enjoy this but perhaps you should locate that earlier film andwait for this to end up on the £3 shelf at Tesco. It would appear, tojudge by the final quip by Poirot in the film that Branagh is planningto redo Death on the Nile. God help us.