If you have any affection for Sidney Lumet's 1974's stellar version of"Murder On the Orient Express", do not bother watching this newversion, you will be very disappointed. Even the poster reflects anuninteresting tone, the font used is modern and lacks any sense ofstyle.Kenneth Branagh is a great director and actor that has given us somememorable films, unfortunately "Murder On the Orient Express" isn't oneof them.At last night's screening of "Murder On the Orient Express" I had touse the restroom after about 40 minutes. As I reentered the theater theperson entering with me asked me "Do you think this movie will ever getstarted?" I said "I don't know; I guess we'll have to see." It caughtfire way to late, in about the last 20 minutes.Indeed, the movie had a painfully slow start, with a completelyoverproduced prologue that seemed quite unnecessary. The introductionof the characters is messy and it becomes rather confusing as to whothey are. The cast is full of great actors, but so few are able to"shine" in this production. Kenneth Branagh is an interesting Hercule Poirot, he seems to be tryingway too hard, and for me somehow he never "owned it." The extremelygrotesque mustache seemed to get in the way Michelle Pfeiffer, as Mrs. Hubbard is lackluster and quite flat, untilthe last 20 minutes where she does get a chance to shine, but by thenit's too late, but it's not her fault.Derek Jacobi, one of our greatest actors is so misdirected in thisversion that he delivers an insipid performance. Penelope Cruz walksthrough a part that gained Ingrid Bergman an Oscar in the original,again not their fault.Interestingly enough, it is Johnny Depp who gives the best performance.He embodies his character with the right amount of vile corruptness,and sleaziness that brings life to the screen. He also has the mostinteresting costumes in the movie.Judi Dench is elegant and funny but her companion played by OliviaColeman, who usually turns in stellar performances is totallyuninteresting here, again not her fault. The production is indeed rich and elegant in its production design, andcinematography. The costumes however are fine, but lack a certainpanache and glamour we have grown to admire in past Agatha Christiefilms, such as those designed by Tony Walton, and Anthony Powell.Alexandra Byrne is an extraordinary designer, but somehow it feels likethe concept was to be subtle and "real". She needed to be bold andadventurous like her work on the "Elizabeth" films with CateBlanchette.The musical score vacillates from very generic, to frantic and neverfinds the right tone, never providing a sense of mystery and suspense.Only when true vintage songs are incorporated does the atmosphere comealive.Kenneth Branagh is such a gifted filmmaker, it is sad to see this filmfall short. He is in almost every frame, perhaps he would have crafteda better film if he was not in it. As the conductor of this train, hedid not provide an elegant journey with wit and great characterdevelopment for one of Agatha Christie's finest stories.