I loved the first two films, Rise and Dawn, however this film had nostory whatsoever. Why is it called War for the Planet of the Apes? Thefirst film had a lot more action than this one, the second one had 100times more action than this one.Pretty insulting that it took them three years to follow Dawn and theygave us absolutely nothing. Just a very basic extension of the Dawnwhich could have been summed up in about 30 minutes max.I was falling asleep, my wife fell asleep half way, I did not see theneed to give her a bump so she wakes up as there was nothing to see. Atthe end I almost jumped up and though wait, this is going to be good,there is an army of Monkeys coming down fighting for supremacy, thiswill make complete sense for the next film... (almost felt like thewhole non existent plot and BS was worth the 2 hours wait)... but Iguess it was just me falling asleep trying to make the film moreexciting. No Ape army, no Ape action, no Ape of anything... plenty ofApe Drama though.I could sum up this whole film in 2 3 words but can't give anyspoilers.Sure the Ape CGI is amazing as are the emotions from the Apes, Bad Apewas great but everything else was a huge MEH. They should have justcalled it "Drama of the Planet of the Apes", or "What happens tomonkeys whilst war breaks out around them", you could easily see thaton the History Channel or even today in different parts of the world.I was expecting so much more, considering the first and second films.What a huge disappointment.The film is beautiful, don't get me wrong...for Drama students, an Oscar nomination or something you would expectat a films festival where it would get 100 different awards but nonefor the story. At this rate we are going to see another 5 or 10 filmsbefore we get to the Ape society which the originals were showing.In the first and second films I actually did not know who I wouldsympathise with.I guess we could go via this route: Humans Very Bad, Apes Good, HumansBad, Apes Good, Apes Bad, Humans mostly Good, Apes Good, Human VeryBad, Apes Very Good, Human Very Very Bad, Apes still Good. Goingforward we will need: Apes Good, Humans Good, Apes Bad, Humans Good,Apes Very Very Bad, Humans Very Very Good, Apes Good and Humans Goodeveryone happy.