In 1934 world renowned detective Hercule Poirot (Kenneth Branagh) isvacationing on the Orient Express as a means to relax his mind.Unfortunately, a man turns up murdered by some­one on their CalaisCoach, and rather than let the local gendarmes at the next station flubtheir investigation, he decides to solve it him­self and hand it tothem on a platter.Based on an Agatha Christie novel by the same name?she being a whizwith words?the title bears considering. It seems to distance itselffrom any dualism: i.e. not life and death, but murder; not on and offbut merely on; not Orient and Occident (East and West) but Orient only;and Express with­out any Impress.Timothy Materer writes on *James Merrill's Apocalypse* that "Merrillstruggled with the limitations of dualism ? In a journal of 1954, headdressed the way dualities interfere with our perception of reality:¶"' in all circumstances we are deluged with interpretations,simplifications, falsifications of our experience, by reference tonon-existent poles, life & death say, or any of the convenientdualities. We think in these terms, see life as Life?and at once it issimpler, slightly evaporated, on its way *away* from reality'."(Ithaca: Cornell UP, 2000, 12).An example of this in a train novel is the western *Night Passage*, byNorman A. Fox: "Harbin asked,'You know him, Utica?'"'I ought to, Curly. And I think I can tell you why he's here. He'sbeen following me around for a long spell, trying to talk me out of thetrail I ride. Now he's caught up with me again. Isn't that it, Grant?You spotted me from the train, so you came after me. You see, Curly,he's my brother. I'm Lee McLain?and he's Grant McLain.'"Harbin said, 'The hell you say!'"'That's it, Curly. The McLain tribe balanced up even?one owlhooter,one honest man.'"'Lee and Grant,' Harbin said. 'You're funnin', Utica'"'We were Missouri folks, Curly. Missouri was a split state while thewar was on, so Pappy straddled the fence. He named his first son forGrant and his second son for Lee.'"'This is straight, Utica?'"'Straight as a string. Tie a can to him and send him down themountain, Curly. We'll likely be shaking the dust of this place bysunup. It won't matter if he talks about this hide­out. And he won'ttalk any­way. He always tries to keep me in the clear.'"'I dunno,' Harbin said with a shake of his head. 'This takes somethinking.'" (New York: Dodd, Mead & Co., 1956, 136?7)It's not a matter of us and them, but of us and us. Maybe. It's goingto take some thinking. And if this example is any indication, theOrient Express detective has his work cut out for him.The color scheme of "Murder On" is amorphous. Only two colors are usedmuch: blue and red; and these but sporadically. There are blue panelson the train, and red lipstick, lights, and wine. Beyond that it'smuted earth tones. The whole movie is a waste of a scenic journey, thediverse characters as bland as an unbroken field of snow.Then we encounter the "husband hunter" Caroline Hubbard (MichellePfeiffer) who sports a purple dress (mixture of blue & red) andsuddenly a single character amidst all the suspects is flagged, atleast visually. But alas, the dancer, too, having blonde hair and redlip­stick wears an orange garment (combo of yellow & red). Since she'seliminated as a suspect on account of lacking the strength to knife thevictim with such ferocity, the camera's attention to Mrs. Hubbard musthave some significance other than her guilt or innocence. Her purpledress materialized right after dialog about the combining of twoelements; that's all we can say.However, there is noted a common saying in "Night Passage" about thecombining of disparate elements: "A forty-four barrel on a forty-fiveframe./ Never bet aces in another man's game." The last line wouldindicate a winning hand that the card player for some reason doesn'twant to play, but it's a reach to apply it here. This movie doesn'teven mention the saying.There is, though, a throwaway line at the end of "Orient", about thedetective's next assignment, which also shows up in the "Passage" book.Poirot is being sent to "Egypt, right on the bloody Nile." In "Passage"one of the brothers involved in a three-way love triangle is said tohave visited "a river in Egypt called de nial."Poirot is portrayed as one smart detective, right up there withSherlock Holmes, I'd say. And he's not bashful about hisaccomplishments. It's like (Eccl. 8:1) "Who is as the wise man? And whoknoweth the interpretation of a thing? A man's wisdom maketh his faceto shine, and the boldness of his face shall be changed."This movie is well constructed, and it keeps us guessing until the end.I think Agatha Christie should be her own genre, because those novelsall bear her stamp. However, this one is similar to a western Imentioned above, so perhaps one should keep an open mind. I likedChristie but haven't read but two of her novels. Maybe I'll read somemore after seeing this movie.The actors also included Judi Dench, Leslie Odom, Jr, Penélope Cruz,Johnny Depp, William Dafoe, Josh Gad, and Daisy Ridley. They all workedwell together and got along off-set, too.Don't see this one for the scenery as it's hard to even tell when theB&W flashbacks occur, the colors are so muted. If you're looking for adetective yarn, though, this one will fill the bill.