Movie Review: Murder on the Orient Express (2017)Director: Kenneth Branagh Studio: 20th Century Fox Genre: Crime, Drama,Mystery Release: 2017 Run Time: 1 Hour 54 Minutes IMDb Rating: 6.8/10Metacritic Score: 53/100 Rotten Tomatoe %: 58First Impressions ? This film is the fourth adaptation of the Agatha Christie novel,following the 1974 film, a 2001 made for TV movie and a 2010 episode ofAgatha Christie's Poirot. I had a budget of $55 Million and featuresand all star cast.The Plot ? The movie opens with the establishment of our detective who must solvethe case of an artifact thief in Jerusalem. Soon after he is grantedpassage to his next destination on the famous Orient Express. However,during a troubling weather event, the train is stopped and a murdertakes place. It is up to the detective to find out who is responsiblyfor the murder, and everyone is a suspect. The main problem with thismovie is the problem that most movies that are adapted from novels orother literature have; it is severely missing details. Details thatwithout we cannot become invested in various elements of the mysteryand the entire film for that matter. The movie is well focused once themurder is discovered but without some important information that we asviewers are denied, it becomes difficult to understand at parts andthroughout I couldn't help but question why I should care about certainthings.Characters and Acting ? While directing, Kenneth Branagh also stars as the main character;Hercule Poirot, a Belgian man who describes himself as "Possibly thegreatest detective in the world". Branagh does a fine job playing thecharacter and giving him a great identity but unfortunately that'swhere the interesting and stand out characters stop I'm afraid. It'salmost a shame and a waste that this movie is jam packed full oftalented and A-List actors but none of them shine whatsoever in theirroles. They lack to convey anything interesting in the slightest, theyhave very little screen time between them and spend most of the moviestaring outside of a train window. It's impossible to talk about theactors roles without spoilers but the A-List includes: Johnny Depp,Penelope Cruz, Judi Dench, Michelle Pfeiffer, Daisy Ridley and WillemDafoe?not one of these actors give a necessarily bad performance butare incredibly under utilized to say the least. A big problem at thebeginning of the movie and few times throughout was some of the linedelivery was a tiny bit corny and silly, that being said the lines theywere delivering didn't fit the context of a movie or a scene and itjust felt as if they were reading some lines straight from the novelwith little to no direction or context. It was incredibly distractingbut only happened a few times with one or two B list actors.Film Techniques ? This movie has some creative camera work and interesting shots thatutilize the setting of a train well but can at times be distracting.For example, when one shot involves weaving through the windows outsidea train whilst two characters are talking it comes difficult to focuson what is going o when you only see them for mini-seconds at a timewhile the rest of what you see fro that scene is just the metal of atrain. The music is fine and the small amount of action is grippingenough; the movie uses a surprising amount of CG for it's set piecesand back grounds, it ranges from not half bad to clearly fake.Tones and Themes ? The tone of the film is consistent and it shifts well from the seriousmystery to a few light moments of humour here and there. The theme ofthe movie is justice, but it gets more complicated than that when somethings unfold. Conclusion ? This movie did it's job in keeping me intrigued throughout with it'smystery and entertained me enough to feel like satisfied with theperformance of the main character but with it's lack luster usage ofit's great cast and lack of overall detail, it didn't deliver on amemorable or intense enough murder mystery. Would I Recommend? YesWould I Watch Again? NoMy Score ? 6.6/10