I must admit, after his first directorial debuts with the appallingTHOR movies, I was a little hesitant about Kenneth Branagh's latestouting as director (and star) with Murder on the Orient Express, andthough there was a fair amount of material to enjoy, I'm sad to saythat I WAS fairly spot-on. Don't get me wrong, there IS enjoyable stuff here but there were alsovarious problems that left me rather disappointed. Let's first focus on the good things. First of all, one thing Branagh REALLY does well in this movie with hisdirecting, is he delivers a brilliant and authentic slice of nostalgia. We begin in 1930s Jerusalem and Branagh captures the spirit and styleof that period spot-on. The fashion, the clothes, the cars, theexpensive clubs and bars. We see beautiful shots of Istanbul too withthe glorious steamboats and the incredible Cathedrals. We're really transported back in time, but the other way Branaghdelivers that nostalgia is with the absolutely breathtaking naturalscenery that revolves around the Orient Express's journey. Thecinematography in this film is BRILLIANT, courtesy of HarisZambarloukos and really flies us into the snowy mountains or across thesun- kissed plains. The journey of the train is REALLY beautifullyshown all the way through the film. Another good thing that Branagh captures is the attitudes and politicsof the period. He's changed the British Colonel Arbuthnot into anAfrican Dr. Arbuthnot, but this change from the original text isactually really interesting and adds another level to the story. A lotof the characters suffer from period racism, and that is authenticallyportrayed VERY well. Another thing is the set design, the interior of the train. It'sbeautiful, classic and very stylish. Also, another obvious thing to mention about Branagh's directing isthat he does pull together a formidable cast. Almost every member is ontop form. The whole line-up from Pfeiffer to Dafoe is great. Pfeiffer delivers a very emotional and strong performance as Mrs.Hubbard. Daisy Ridley plays a posh heroine and she plays thatauthentically too. Leslie Odom Jr. isn't bad as Dr. Arbuthnot but hismuddled accent IS a distraction. Judi Dench and Olivia Coleman are twoother interesting and authentic performances as the Russian Princessand German maid. Penelope Cruz delivers a interesting and surprisingperformance is Pilar Estravados. The great Willem Dafoe deliversenjoyable authenticity and some charm as the Nazi Professor. DerekJacobi and Manuel Garcia- Rulfo deliver two very enjoyableperformances. Jacobi harnessing his inner Alfred Pennyworth and Rulforinging with charisma... I am however, rather divide on Johnny Depp's sinister businessmanRatchett. He DOES play a thug well but there are STILL ghosts ofCaptain Jack and he can be a little laughable at times. Now we've gone through the GOOD members of the cast, onto the bad. Fourperformances stand out as REALLY poor. Josh Gad, Lucy Boynton, SergeiPolunin and Tom Bateman as the assistant, Count, Countess and trainmanager. They ALL deliver poor and rather weak performances with Gad,Polunin and Bateman all trying vainly to portray real emotion andBoynton basically playing a female Jack Sparrow. I've saved Branagh's performance for last. I was incredibly divided onhis performance as Hercules Poirot which is a combo of Sherlock Holmesand Howard Hughes from THE AVIATOR . He DID deliver emotion andauthenticity but there were times when his raving about the "crime" andthe "truth" did feel a bit over-dramatic. His accent wasn't bad but I(personally) think that David Suchet did the best accent. Also, as manyhave mentioned, his mustache is simply not Poirot, it's more of a JohnRuth from the Hateful Eight in my opinion! Now, the script. It, like the film has both good AND bad points. Thedialogue is usually smart, sharp and interesting. It displays Poirot'sgenius and the personalities of the passengers very well. It reallyshowcases the nostalgia of the times VERY well and slightly hinges onthe 1974 film of the same name, but it also really grafts the tragedyand horror of the fictional "Armstrong Case" very well too. However, this version does have slight changes in plot to the originalnovel by Christie. There are various twists and turns that areinteresting but, VERY messy. Things could do to be tightened up a lotin this film. Also, it just isn't exciting and it didn't really grab meat all. There is almost no dramatic atmosphere or tension. However, all the good performances, great cinematography andinteresting dialogue DID deliver a fairly enjoyable picture. But, as I have listed, it does have problems! Not bad but definitely a B-PICTURE!