As much as the Murder on the Orient Express book is appreciated as aclassic, I came into this movie without knowing the story. I want tostart by talking about Hercule Poirot as a character. This movie reallyportrays Poirot in a Sherlock Holmes "esque" light. There's a pointwhere Hercule takes someone out with a cane that felt like he waschannelling Robert Downey Jr. in Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes. I don'tmean this as a criticism though, the fact that Hercule is witty andfunny along with being brilliant is much needed levity for this movie.Some people have complained that the movie is too comedic but withoutthose opportunities to laugh, the beginning of this movie would beunbearably slow. Those moments are like the spoonful of sugar to helpthe medicine go down. So, I liked Poirot and you needed a charismaticcharacter at the centre because the other characters don't getdeveloped much until the murder goes down. This movie looks like anensemble, but it leans more heavily on Branagh as the main characterthan you would think.The plot of Murder on the Orient Express is iconic, but the way movieportrays it, there's almost little to none. We get the initial setup ofeveryone boarding the train and other than some preliminary chitchatbetween Poirot and the other travellers and a tense exchange betweenRatchett (Johnny Depp's character) and Poirot, very little happens.Only after the murder happens and the interrogations begin do we get toknow everyone and does the plot kick into gear. Just like any greatdetective thriller, we don't know what's going on and we must unravelthe mystery just as Poirot does. When we get to see more about thevictim's past and what how appalling his/her actions were does theemotion kick and the stakes are raised considerably.I want to go through the cast name by name and give them all credit butthere's just too many names. Branagh is a little over-the-top as Poirotbut I would argue that the movie needed that. Its a very theatricalperformance (considering his background, it makes sense) but withouthim chewing the scenery, the movie would have dragged. MichellePfeiffer sold out in her role as Caroline, it was nice to see heragain. Daisy Ridley shines as Mary Debenham, I hope she keeps pickingup more work. Leslie Odom Jr. had a lot screen presence as Dr.Arbuthnot. I appreciated the fact that Johnny Depp pulled back a littleas Ratchett but he still borders overacting. If there was anyone Ididn't like; Judi Dench was so stiff she was annoying but that was alsohow the character was written. I normally like Josh Gad but with thescreen time divided between so many actors and actresses, he waskneecapped by a lack of room to show his stuff.When you can't bank on the character development or the plot, you needtop notch window dressing to help move things along. Luckily the OrientExpress is up to the task. The visual effects, the costuming and theexotic atmosphere transport you to another world. I've seen it donemore impressively but they really do a stellar job since the movie hada relatively modest budget ($55 million). We get to go to Istanbul,Jerusalem and travel in snowy vistas. We also get to see past eventsthrough an old-timey projector and the characters watch it like amovie. Branagh is wise to linger on this stuff and it adds to theescapism that the story can provide. When you go to a period piecemovie, you want to be wowed and dropped off in this new world and Ithink Murder on the Orient Express accomplished that.I came out of this movie wanting to go read the book, so I don't wantto be too critical. But the biggest downfall of this movie is that muchlike the train the characters are travelling on, the movie takes awhile to start picking up steam. The opening with Poirot is fun butafter that first 15 minutes, the movie slows to a crawl. It relies onBranagh and the beautiful vistas to carry it and while I remainedinterested, I think a lot of people will be mentally checking out. Butthe movie does get going and I think if you're willing to be patient,you'll get what you want in the reveal.Talking about that reveal though, I thought it was fantastic. I want tocredit Agatha Christie for originally conceiving it but I also want tocredit Branagh and the writers for doing a solid job of yanking the rugout from under you. Its an excellent wrap-up and I was emotionallyimpacted by it. It was unpredictable, fresh and through the efforts ofthe excellent cast and the shocking nature of the crimes, it raised therating I was going to give the movie by at least a half a point.I was excited to see this movie and although it wasn't amazing, Iwasn't disappointed by it either. This is an adult movie though; thetrailer makes it look there's going to be more action and there isn't.If there weren't funny jokes sprinkled in, the movie would be too dryand other than the fans of the book, the rest of the audience would bebored to tears. I went in a group of 3, 2 of us liked it and the 3rdsaid it was boring and disappointing. If you like mysteries or periodpiece movies, this will be up your alley. I left wanting to read thisbook and they hint at a possible sequel that I would also be interestedin seeing. If you're a relatively patient moviegoer that appreciateslavish set dressing, good acting and a unique twist, I'd recommendchecking this out.