*** Some spoilers ahead for the handful of people who are not familiarwith Christie's classic murder mystery. ***As a fan of the book and the Sidney Lumet adaptation, I was curious howKenneth Branagh's take on Agatha Christie's famous story would playout. On paper, all the ingredients for a decent (or even great), modernday adaptation are there: A star-studded cast, beautifulproduction-design and costumes and a seasoned director with deep rootsin both stage- and film-work. And for about half of the film's runningtime, all that seems to hold the piece together pretty well. There's asense of "class" about the flick: Grand vistas, beautiful art-decoenvironments, exotic locations and a general flair of slower, moreelegant era (not so) long gone-by. I can even live with the director'sodd choice of playing the lead-role himself. Branagh sure wouldn't bemy first pick for Poirot and he does have a slightly different take onthe famous Belgian super-sleuth. This Poirot seems more brooding and"conflicted" than any other version I've seen before - but I'm not surethis change adds anything to either the character or to this particularstory. On the other hand, we do get satisfyingly quirky momentsshowcasing Poirot's little eccentricities. His obsession withorderliness, cleanliness and his quick and witty sense of humor.As expected with this sort of group, the rest of the cast are more thanup to the task as well - if they are allowed to occupy the screen, thatis. Sadly, a lot of characters are criminally underused. We hardly getto know some players who are vital to the plot and who held much moreprominent roles in Sidney Lumet's version. For example: One of the mainsuspects and an important character overall has so few lines that healmost seems superfluous in Branagh's adaptation. And I think we havethe director to blame here, who seems to be infatuated with his ownface. Instead of spending more time with the rest of the ensemble, hegives us one long close-up of himself after the other - a decisionwhose negative impact on the film is exacerbated by a seemingly trivialitem - Poirot's facial hair. At some point while making the film,someone must have thought that having "the greatest mustache in London"means that Poirot goes through life looking like a walrus. It wouldn'thave been a huge deal, if Branagh hadn't insisted to stick this hairymonstrosity in our faces again and again. By the fourth long close-upwith the monster-stache center-stage, the audience in my theater werebeginning to chuckle. But I digress ... It's when the titular murder occurs that the moviereally fell apart for me. And it's mostly down to unforced errorscommitted by the script. For example: In a lot of places, this film iscloser to Christie's novel than the Lumet-version of the 70s. Littledetails that Lumet left out are included here - like the fictional MrHarris whose berth Poirot occupies on the first night on the train. Butin other places, the script veers off and tries to trick us intothinking it was headed towards a different conclusion than thesource-material. Which, if you know the story and the ending, feelsmore like an attempt at trickery than actual creativity, because(Spoiler!) ... the movie ultimately does not have the guts to re-writeChristie's solution.And then there's the matter of leaving out crucial details which robthe ending of its original tone. A major point in the original was thefact that the victim had been found guilty and more or less convictedof murder already, but then had to be released due to a technicality.Making his death on the train less of an act of revenge or vigilantismand more like an act of citizens trying to ensure that justice is beingserved. Branagh's version leaves out this crucial detail about thetrial and thus makes the group of murderers seem more like an angrylynch mob ... which in turn makes Poirot's decision to let them go feelout of character for him. In the original, we could comprehend whyPoirot (albeit with much inner conflict) decided to let them get awaywith murder. In this version, we get a hysteric Michelle Pfeiffer andlots of close ups of Poirot staring into space while the music swellsin the background. Ultimately, we're left to wonder why this sticklerfor justice and righteousness would let this particular murder gounpunished. I also take some exception to the somewhat lame attempts at "diversecasting". I have no objections to transforming white characters intoones of color - but those changes should make sense within the storyand within the period that's being portrayed. In this particular casefor example, it would've made much more sense to re-write the characterin question as either an Indian or Middle Eastern man. But going with ablack guy, the story has to perform some serious mental gymnastics inorder to explain his presence in the story. I do wonder however, whether someone who goes into this film withoutany knowledge of the original story will share my concerns and mightactually enjoy the film more than I did. If you look past the puzzlingdecisions made by the screenwriter, there's much to be admired here.Sadly though, I couldn't help but notice the needless changes theychose to make and thus this film, for me, wasn't better than slightlyabove average.6/10