"An often breathtakingly-beautiful movie" is not a common descriptionof a murder mystery, but for me, while this movie had other remarkablefeatures, it was first and foremost often breathtaking beautiful. I'mglad I opted to see it in a theater, with a huge HD screen at that,because it certainly added to the pleasure. Some of what we see iscomputer graphics, but I don't know when I've seen them used so well.The cinematography in general is wonderful and often very creativehere. Close-ups of faces that make them look just astonishinglybeautiful and at the same time full of character. Interesting cameraangles. This movie is certainly a joy to watch.And then there is the acting. I thought Branaugh, a great actor, madePoirot too much of a caricature, but the rest of the actors do a greatjob with their roles. The camera often shoots their faces close-up, asin older movies, but it can, because these actors all know how to actwith their faces.At times the script seemed too full of clues that we weren't allowedenough time to think about. Perhaps, now that I know the end - whichcertainly comes as a surprise! - the clues would make more sense on asecond viewing.Still, a wonderful movie, and one that should definitely be seen in atheater. So much of it would be lost on a small screen.-----------------------------Since seeing the movie and writing the above, I read the book. Thedifferences between it and the movie are telling. The end of the movie, the unraveling of the mystery, seemed too abrupt.It was as if the director had run out of time presenting the mystery,and so, rather than letting Poirot solve it a step at a time, he justdumped the solution on us when Poirot calls for a meeting of all thepassengers outside the train.That in fact is evidently what happened. In the book, Poirot worksthings out one step at a time after he has interviewed all thepassengers a first time. Some of his deductions are, at best, far-fetched, but others make sense and are based on clues that we havesometimes had dangling in front of us for some time. That working out, which takes 100 of the book's 260 pages, is basicallydiscarded for the joint confession in front of the tunnel entrance. Looked at in retrospect, I can see now that the long episode at thebeginning of the movie, not in the book, where Poirot solves adifferent crime in front of the walls of Jerusalem, and then all thebusiness in Istanbul, should have been tossed out or pared way down. Ican imagine it would have been painful to throw away so much footage,but keeping it left no time for Poirot to solve the case a step at atime after he had met all the passengers in the sleeping car.As I wrote above, before reading Christie's book, what we have looksgreat. I could understand, however, if Christie fans felt short-changed.