If you have never seen the 1974 original..you may want to see this, maythat is. If you HAVE seen the 1974 original, which I refer to as aCLASSIC, stay as far away as you can from any theater showing thiswaste of time. The original version, directed by the awesome SidneyLumet and starring the brilliant Albert Finney (an Oscar nominee) asPoirot, was a masterful piece with great writing, directing and a castthat couldn't be beat!! And this new version, Directed by ego-magicBranagh, and starring a so-so cast, with some stellar actors, all beingdecimated by this production is downright tragic. From the openingpiece, set in Istanbul which has nothing to do with anything, withregard to the plot, till it's exceptionally tedious laughable end,taking place in a tunnel in a snow covered mountain, you just won'tbelieve your eyes.The 74 original showed the opening part of the mystery story, whichforetold all, but here that investment comes way in the middle of thethings, where it has no place, and after so much disinterest hasalready occurred. Branagh hams it up, takes all the scenes, gives nospace for anyone else to breathe, let along give any type ofperformance, then appears to be almost clairvoyant, as he seems tofigure everything out through thin air. Basically because he never hasany legitimate conversation with any of the major characters todetermine what happened and why. Oh yes, he's the mystic seer. Maybestolen from a 1960 Twilight Zone episode. No, more he is ego-centricand arrogant Branagh who can't stand being out of the limelight. You'rein the limelight now, Kenny....you screwed up a major production andwere all laughing at you, not with you. Arrogance reigns The use of totally unnecessary CGI is annoying and silly, the actionscenes are dull, tedious, pointless, adding nothing to the plot. Theplot, for what it is is convoluted. Never really explained. In theoriginal we were given clues, had ideas, questions, we could followalong. Not here. It's as if they made this thinking EVERYONE knows allthe answers, and so they skip numerous (and I mean numerous) plotpoints..but again, the mystic seer, with the most stupid looking andidiotic mustache in history, knows all. Watching this flick, you'llwish Poirot got knifed, instead of Mr Ratchett. Plot devices that all fail, where do I start, the opening wasted scene,Poirot measuring the size of his hard boiled eggs.(oh, please) Aavalanche comes down and stops the train, but oh yes, only derailed thefront engine, not the rest of the train, which it certainly would havedone. People firing guns at each other, but why? Racial issues beingbrought up about skin colors and nationalities. And this isentertainment? What were these people thinking? To my knowledge Branagh is a Shakespeare lover, let me quote this.."Howmuch did revile this film,let me count the ways". I could go on, but Ishall not. The 1974 version ran 127 minutes, this one runs 114 minutes and feelterminally longer. I squirmed and squirmed waiting for it to end. Themusic score, non-existent. Star turns, none to be found, excitement inthe plot, 0. That about sums it up.I simply say this, with $$$ as tight as they are, we should only besubjected ourselves to worthy films, especially when they are overblownremarks. The 1974 original is avail on DVD and in the UK and foreignmarkets even in a nice blu-ray version. My suggestion, spend your moneyon that and do not support this type of overblown ego-driven dribble.Bye, bye Branagh, you made no friends with this tripe. You do not workmuch and it's understandable to see why. I read a UK review earlierthat bashed this flick out of the World...good for them, they know junkwhen they see it. And now, so do I.For me, I'll stick with the original anyway. As a matter of fact, I'llgo and watch it now and wash this toilet water taste from my mouth, andthis film from my memory