Yes, I admit it. It was not what I expected. But, still, the movie wasfar from a disappointment.Starting from the plot, anyone can point out how slow paced it is. Butlet's not forget that it is based on a mystery novel and books arenothing but slow until it reaches the action. I have not read any bookfrom Agatha Christie neither I have seen any old TV stories/moviesbased on Christie's works, but I can say that it was a full story witha start,middle and an end. No any unanswered questions (ok,maybe thisone,how the heck did they walked around in the snowy place with theselight outfits?), not any crazy plot twists. The ending was somewhatpredictable from me. I really liked the small actions scenes,especially the use of the walking cane.The cinematography, the colours, the setting, the outfits... Each oneis unique on it's own way.Regarding the music, there are some nice pieces there. Not somethingfancy with a variety of chords and basses, just something simple to fitthe era and feel the mystery.Talking about the cast, the acting is not something "special" but somefaces are really fitting to the luxury of the train. Some had morescreen time than others but none of them had enough to cover in theirshade the protagonist. Although, Manuel Garcia-Rulfo got lost somewherein the background.Last but not the least, the one only Hercule Poirot. Kenneth Branaghshined in the role especially in the final confrontation with themurderer. The character is not like the "modern" detectives likeDowney's Sherlock or Cumberbatch's high-functioning sociopath. Hecreated a humane character,calm and imposing who follows the oldfashioned crime-solving by interrogating and counting on clues andrather than making crazy deductions. I had no problem with the enormousdouble mustache. It gave to Poirot a kind of charm.In conclusion, a classic story with an amazing lead and a ratherimpressive cinematography created an underrated movie. It definitelydeserves a sequel and I would love seeing Branagh reprising again therole of Hercule Poirot. The movie industry needs more classic storieswith this kind of direction, more trains, mustaches and more walkingcanes in action :P. And, please, don't read these negative reviews. Gowatch the movie yourself and make your opinion.