Okay so the first thing to note about Ragnarok, which if you haveenough brain cells you'd guess yourself after seeing the trailer, isthat it's nothing like the previous two Thor movies, beyond sharingsome characters and settings. The tone is completely different. In factit's probably better to compare Ragnarok to Guardians of the Galaxywith it's straight comedy angle and influx of neon colours and whackyconcepts. This is the new world order for Marvel's Cosmic Universe infull swing. How this makes me feel isn't quite so clear. As I said, Ireally didn't mind the other Thor movies, and to see the broodingseriousness get thrown out entirely, particularly in a movie about theend of days, seems like a misplaced choice. That said this is whatWaititi does best, and he's on top, What We Do in the Shadows formhere.Ragnarok is jam-packed full of jokes and gags, and every single one ofthem lands with aplomb. From Thor asking Surtur to pause while hehelplessly spins around at the beginning, to the Grandmaster declaringa tie in Sakaar's revolution, each and every slither of humour isguaranteed to earn a laugh. It's typical Waititi humour; awkward,modern, and using juxtaposition to great effect. Korg, a large beingmade of rocks, talking about his revolution failing because he didn'thand out enough pamphlets hits so hard because it's so against whatyou'd expect from that kind of alien.Waititi's also in his element with running jokes, coming into afranchise nearly twenty movies in full of continuity to adhere to, pokefun at, and address in one way or another. Loki taking Odin's place inAsgard is dealt with swiftly, with a couple of gags thrown in,including surprise cameos. Hulk disappearing at the end of Age ofUltron is addressed with heartbreak and a couple of touching momentsbetween Thor and Hulk/Banner. And Hela knocking over the InfinityGauntlet in Asgard's vault because it's "fake" was a great way to plugsuch a tiny yet significant plot hole.Despite how humorous Ragnarok is, it doesn't shy away from more seriousthemes and ideas though. Thor's companions in the Warriors Three aredispatched of quickly and without remorse, Hela raising an army of thedead from the Asgard crypts is a pretty dark idea, and of coursethere's the whole Ragnarok thing. Not only is this movie one of thefunniest entries in the MCU, but it also has some of the biggest stakesso far. By the end of the film, Thor's life is permanently changed in amassive way. But Ragnarok is still not perfect. It still doesn't quite reach theheights of either of the Guardians movies or Winter Soldier. It'sopening act feels a little messy, rushing through plot points to get tothe meat of it. Thor's tied up in chains at the behest of Surtur, nowhe's in Asgard unveiling Loki, now he's with Doctor Strange looking forOdin, now he's in Norway bracing for Hela's arrival, now he's on Sakaarabout to face the Grandmaster's champion. It's almost all rushed, andsome of it feels pointless. Like, Doctor Strange's role is completelyunnecessary. He's just put in for an Earthling presence in a movie thatfrankly didn't need it.Hela is also another in a long line of lacklustre MCU villains. She'sthe first female villain to pose as the main antagonist, which isgreat, and Cate Blanchett is perfect for her (I think I'm in love). Shehas an interesting backstory, but it's never really developed. Helaends up just becoming another two-dimensional mustache- twirlingvillain with a plan that's flawed from the offset and no motivationbeyond just being evil. Her being the Goddess of Death is never reallycapitalised on either, outside of her resurrecting dead soldiers ofAsgard's crypts reasonably early on.That said, almost every other character is great. Thor's sense ofhumour is brought to the forefront with some surprisingly great comedicchops from Hemsworth, without it taking away from his more seriousmoments. He's still Thor despite the tonal shift around him. Likewise,Loki is the same old Loki, with his tricks and betrayals, and hishistory with Hulk is played up to perfection. Valkyrie and Skurge bothenjoy character arcs that help to develop them, and both Tessa Thompsonand Karl Urban make their mark on the movie. Waititi even gets to addsome of himself into the movie as Korg, who promises to steal everyscene he's in. And of course Mark Ruffalo manages to play Hulkcompletely by himself for the first time and gives us the best Hulkwe've ever had.Ragnarok is another part of Marvel's current hot streak, and here'shoping it continues just a little bit longer at least. It's a massivetonal shift from the rest of the Thor franchise, feeling closer to theGuardians franchise, which is a win/lose depending on your point ofview. The music is a step in the right direction, utilising LedZeppelin's Immigrant Song really well, as well as adding some 80'ssynth/video game music underneath Marvel's standard, dull stringsarrangements, but it's largely still unmemorable and unremarkable. Thevisuals are fantastic, employing a style closer to Snyder's approach inthe DCEU than Marvel's usual grey realism, which I personally considera massive plus. But of course it's the humour that keeps Ragnarokafloat, and the massive stakes leave me begging to find out whathappens next. I give Ragnarok a high 8/10. Easily the best Thor movieso far.P.S. Where was Sif?!