After actually being quite a fan of the previous Thor movies, I wasincredibly excited to hear that Kiwi, Taika Waititi would be directingthis as his previous films, 'Boy', 'What We Do In The Shadows' and'Hunt For The Wilderpeople' were just amazing and incredible works offiction. This film did not disappoint though it did lack in certainareas. Chris Hemsworth gives his best performance as Thor Odinson alongwith Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner although I thought we could've seenmore Bruce then Hulk. Tom Hiddleston is living it up as Loki and givesyet another great performance as The God of Mischief. Jeff Goldblum,Karl Urban and Idris Elba are all fine members of the supporting castand I actually really enjoyed Urban's English accent and his characterin general. Elba is just badass in every sense of the word. AnthonyHopkins, Taika Waititi Benedict Cumberbatch, Rachel House, ClancyBrown, Sam Neill, Matt Damon and Luke Hemsworth also gave greatsupporting performances. Props to Taika for bringing in Rachel Househis long time friend into this role and she had some great moments. Thecameos of Hemsworth, Neill and Damon were just incredible. The humouris just sidesplitting and has Taika written all over it. The action wasactually very good considering the Director's lack of experience andThe Valkyrie sequence was just visually stunning. The story was simpleand easy to follow, the film flowed really well and it was just reallyreally enjoyable. Cate Blanchett was a bit meh for me, she was good but she just wasn'tvery memorable. Tessa Thompson was just boring. Uninspiring anduncharismatic and sadly that was the result of the actress not thewriter. Some of the effects were a bit naff, they were a bit ragdollyand some shots in Norway were clearly a green screen. But that comeswith the inexperience of a big budget with Taika. The biggest con ofthis film was what happened to the Warriors Three as they werelegitimately some of the best parts of the previous Thor films. ZacharyLevi, Ray Stevenson and especially Tadanobu Asano deserved much morethen to be unceremoniously killed off with barely putting up a fight.Such a shame, a massive shame.Overall this film is fun, exciting and a really enjoyable experience,there are some minor flaws that tarnish the overall film but this is agreat addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe and a great boost tobrilliant director Taika Waititi.