After waiting for Thor: Ragnarok for years. This movie is perhaps, theWORST Marvel movie I have ever seen.Poor story-telling, weak character development, scenes felt out ofplace and total 360 from what Thor is supposed to have been.Hollywood blockbusters have been lowering the complexity of its storiesto get more butts into the movie seats which include kids who might notbe able to understand a more dark, realistic and complex story. Thiscomes at the expense of adult audience who like to see a charactersinits true form.This movie is basically Logan in reverse. It is a total betrayal of thecharacter's true nature. The following are the movie sins committed in this flick; WarningSpoilers ahead!1) Bad Story-line.. This story doesn't allow characters to evolve orgrow, a lot of the acting seems too familiar or forced for the sake ofmoving the movie forward or getting a reaction out of you.2) Everything happens so fast without explanation of events orrelationships... a) Why did thor figure out that Loki was impersonatingOdin now and not before? b) How was the all-powerful Odin enchanted byLoki? c) Why did Odin decide to let Hela to Invade Asgard and why didhe decide to disappear? d) How did Hela break Thor's hammer? e) Why didthe leader of Sakaar favorite Hulk over Thor?2) No setup from previous events and no purpose for charactersa) Thor and Hulk somehow ended up on the same planet by accident b) Whydid Dr. Strange need to be in this movie besides setting up for athor-strange relationship in a future Marvel movie? c) Why didn't Odinhint in previous films that thor had an evil sister named Hela? 3) Bad actingEven Tom Hiddlesto was off point, he had the usual devious smirk on hisface but I sometimes wondered if he was expressing contempt at thedirectors of the film. Besides being a remarkable film crew withamazing actors, somehow this movie manages to bring out the worstacting of these stars.Heres a basic breakdown of each character Thor: A more emotional, funny and light-hearted ThorLoki: The same devious mischief with no new tricks up his sleeve, Lokiis so predictable that even Thor has figured him out.Hela: The sorority club's biggest drama-queen, nothing mysterious orgodlike about her. Even she falls into the joke frame.Heimdall: He had some good scenes and had a nice mystical look to himbut wasn't very much useful in the movie.Grandmaster: This guy is supposed to be a ruler of a planet, instead hebelongs on a SNL skit.Valkyrie: Independent strong woman, alcoholic, with both middle fingersup in your face. Somehow this quickly triggered ghetto charactermanages to defeat Loki in a battle for the sake of showing how womenare strong too?Skurge: He betrayed Asgard for the whole movie and then tries to makeup for it in less then 5 frames before he dies.Bruce Banner / Hulk: Even hulk manages to turn himself into a comedian.Doctor Strange: Earth's best sorcerer tools Asgardian gods such as Thorand Loki who should have far greater knowledge of magick then Dr.Strange.The Executioner: somehow managed to betray Asgard by serving Hela forthe entire film, but then sacrifices himself at the end and we'reexpected to sympathize with this guy?Korg: This was a loony toons version of KorgTo seal the cherry on the cake, Thor basically lets and assists Asguardto be blown up to pieces, because he figures it will destroy Hela,someone who he wasn't able to defeat even with his new powers.The disappointment I felt after watching it sure caused a bigdisconnect for me after I came back home only to read all the positivereviews written by Critics and users alike, which made me question ifthese Critics are insiders, and if the users are in fact realaccounts...I know everybody's got to make some money... but at what expense?