Being the 17th instalment into the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), andthe third in the solo-Thor series?generally the least liked within theMCU?it wouldn't be surprising if this cosmic adventure showed signs ofrepetition and fatigue. It doesn't, not one bit. The opposite is truein fact, thanks to the unique energy and ingenuity brought from NewZealand director Taika Waititi (Hunt for the Wilderpeople, What We Doin the Shadows). Waititi's comedy background is noticeably in fullswing, the previously darker Thor outings traded in for a laugh-heavyvibe closer to Guardians of the Galaxy ? the movie Ragnarok shares topspot with, as the MCU's funniest film. A throwaway gag about scissorsfrom a side character made of rock (mo-capped and viced by the directorhimself) is pure Waititi, and the franchise's best one-liner sinceChris Pratt's Starlord appreciated the artwork of Jackson Pollock. Ofcourse a big budget means big action, and there's plenty here to thrilland delight: a tone-setting smack down of a fiery underworld demigod, abruising gladiatorial contest between Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk(Mark Ruffalo), an exhilarating spaceship chase, and the breathtakinglyelectric finale. This threequel is visually distinct too, Waititiopting for a grungy-disco 80s atmosphere over the more theatricalopulence of the first two Thor flicks. His use of slow-mo, backed toLed Zeppelin's 'Immigrant Song', for two key moments, is simplybrilliant. Supporting Hemsworth, who has never been better as the machoGod of Thunder, is Tom Hiddleston as fan favourite bad-good guy Loki,Cate Blanchett as the sneering God of Death Hela, Tessa Thompson as thecocky warrior Valkyrie and Jeff Goldblum as the eccentric Grandmaster,plus a raft of awesome cameos. A few minor nit picks: Idris Elba seemsbored as the returning Heimdall, two previous major supportingcharacters (both females) are conspicuously absent, a talking Hulkdoesn't quite work, and the narrative-retcon work could've been moresubtle. But when a movie is this damn entertaining, a few quibbles areeasily forgiven. Comfortably taking its place in the top echelon of MCUfilms, Thor: Ragnarok is hilarious, invigorating andpopcorn-blockbustering of the highest order.