Thor has never been my favourite avenger. Although I quite enjoyed hisfirst movie, I hated the second one, and didn't quite know what toexpect with this one. However, I absolutely loved it! In the openingscene the humour felt a bit awkward but it quickly gets betterthroughout, and had the whole cinema of people laughing. I've seenseveral people compare it to Guardians Of The Galaxy which I think isquite accurate.Chris Hemsworth (Thor) was brilliant in this movie. He suited thehumour really well and played it up quite a bit. It also wouldn't be aThor film if we didn't have a shirtless scene at some point, and who'scomplaining to be honest. In my opinion the character was a lot betterwithout the annoying love interest of Jane, who for me personallybrought absolutely nothing to the first two movies. She is convenientlytied off when some random human mentions that she dumped Thor, andthat's all we hear about her at all. I think the Valkyrie is supposedto be the new love interest, and she shared one or two little momentswith Thor throughout the film which was nice. She's a drunk, feistyAsgardian and at least she has more personality than Jane. Just saying,sorry to any Jane fans out there. The dynamic between Thor and Hulk waspretty fun too and he was a welcome addition to the film.Tom Hiddleston (Loki) is amazing as always. I'm a bit of a Loki fangirlto be honest so I'm slightly biased, but he was funny as ever. We stilldon't really know what he's doing, as at some points he tries to saveThor and the next he betrays him again, which is kind of annoying. Thething that still hasn't been explained from the first movie though isif he is a frost giant why does he have godly powers? I don'tunderstand! Anyway at the end there are some brotherly bonding moments,and all seems pretty good between them. For now.The absolute best new character was Korg. A lot of the best jokes camefrom him and I hope we see more of this character at some point. Helawas also quite a good villain, she had a straightforward aim and plan,which makes a change from Loki's confusing plots. Kinda feel a littlesorry for her but not really.Let's talk a little about the plot. Thor wants to prevent Ragnarok,which you probably know as basically the doomsday of Norse mythology.Whilst on Midgard discussing it with Odin, Odin passes away, meaningThor's evil sister is released from wherever Odin's magic wascontaining her. The thing that seemed a little strange to me as thatnobody knew who Hela was? She was around when Odin was conquering thenine realms, so do no Asgardians remember that? I'm also not sure aboutthe whole evil sister thing, we kind of already had that with Loki butoh well. Also if Hela is literally the goddess of death why can't shejust kill everyone with a click of her fingers if she's so 'superpowerful' and everything, like how Thor can summon lightening. Oh well.As usual with Marvel films, great songs, cinematography and specialeffects. Fight scenes were good, plenty of badass moments.Honestly this is the best Thor film, go watch it. It's a good laugh andgreat action and you won't be disappointed.