After Spider-Man: Homecoming and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, it istime for Thor: Ragnarok to try and finish a very positive yearfor the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), in great fashion.I find the previous Thor movies very interchangeable, they are notexactly great films, but they are still entertaining andenjoyable. However, Thor: Ragnarok elevates that same entertainment toa whole other level ... This is one of the funniest (!) and best moviesof the entire universe.Opposed to the previous installments of the series, this one is tonallyvery different. The amount of comedy implemented in the screenplay andthe outstanding humor make this film surprisingly hilarious andextremely fun. It is definitely a marvelous time at the theater andmoney very well spent.Taika Waititi's (Hunt for the Wilderpeople) fantastic direction is allover the movie. He is able to achieve a flawless balance betweencomedy, drama and action, something that most directors have troublewith. Consequently, the pacing feels incredibly controlled throughoutthe whole runtime. The 130 minutes fly like the blink of an eye and thefilm never has a dull moment, but it still slows down when it needs to,without becoming boring.Waititi also applies a very interesting, intriguing and unconventionalway of storytelling, which truly helps the movie carry itself since theoverall narrative isn't really unusual. The visual effects andcinematography are both remarkable but in the last act, the actionrequires a lot of CGI, which becomes too heavy in some brief moments.Due to the mostly fictional Asgard in the background, when the CGIisn't perfect, it feels like a video game ... Thankfully, I am justnit-picking a couple of shots that, in the end, didn't bother me atall.Eric Pearson's writing is distinctly exceptional with extremelyhilarious lines and quite few exposition scenes (the ones that existdon't feel forced at all, except for one or two very concise bits). Ibelieve that he is responsible for a big part of this film's sense ofuniqueness and creativity, considering he provides excellent scriptsfor every character, upgrading each and every one of them and obtaininga more exciting movie.As for the cast, I just need to once again praise Marvel for itsamazing choices, they keep nailing every single actor and actress theyintroduce to the MCU. Cate Blanchett is unbelievable! She is such awonderful actress that she can portray a super cliché villain like Hela(Marvel's "default" villains are something that I honestly hope Thanoscan change) and bring a whole other dimension to the character. Thanksto her and an extraordinary script, Hela does not feel like (what couldvery well have been) a cheap villain.Tessa Thompson is another brilliant casting. Valkyrie adds a new layerof comedy and sass to the film, but her backstory is what gives bothherself and Blanchett's character a bit more of depth. The surprise ofthe whole movie is Korg, a Kronan fighter portrayed by the one and only... Taika Waititi! You are right, the director of Thor: Ragnarok hasthe funniest performance of the film! I am far from joking, his linesalmost steal the whole show, there isn't a single scene with Korg whereI didn't laugh like crazy. It is going to be the audience's favorite,without a doubt.As for the superstars, Chris Hemsworth proves that he is aperfect Thor. Both his acting and body shape are excellent for theportrayal of a god, he is able to be very compelling but alsoincredibly funny, carrying the story with no slip-ups. His chemistrywith Mark Ruffalo and Tom Hiddleston (Loki) is palpable and theirdialogue scenes are always at a great level of quality, both comedy andstory-wise.Hiddleston is great as the evil brother, but Hulk is the one thatstands out. The big green guy speaks more in this movie than in all ofthe others combined and he is freaking awesome! His witty one- linershit every single time and his action scenes are amazing. There are alsosome short but very cool appearances from Benedict Cumberbatch (Dr.Strange),  Idris Elba (Heimdall) and Anthony Hopkins (Odin), plus asurprise performance from someone I won't spoil for you.Jeff Goldblum is always great, but his character ... I know this is notgoing to be a very popular opinion, but I find Grandmaster a bitannoying. Karl Urban has a good performance as Skurge, but justlike Hela, both characters feel unexplored and pretty under- developed.My only real issue with the film is something I already mentionedabove, which is the story itself. Even though Waititi's uncommonstorytelling elevates it, the overall narrative is pretty much thedefault superhero story. Basically, if you have been alive for the past10 years, there is nothing about the screenplay that is going tosurprise you or blow your mind. Thankfully, the movie is so damnentertaining that the narrative becomes secondary to the all of theaction and comedy predominant in the film.In conclusion, Thor: Ragnarok is definitely worth your time and money.It is undoubtedly the best movie of the series and one of the funniestin the MCU. Taika Waititi (with the help of Eric Pearson) molds acliché narrative in his very unique and humorous way of storytelling,packed with hilarious comedy and phenomenal action scenes. A splendidcast with Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo and Cate Blanchett at the topof their game pull off some fabulous displays, but it is Tessa Thompsonand Waititi (!) that steal the show with their distinguishedperformances, plus a big green badass that has a lot of funnyone-liners.- MSB Reviews - If you enjoy this review, please follow my blog :)