"The Disaster Artist" is a true story based on the making of thenotoriously bad cult film "The Room," directed by Tommy Wiseasu. Wiseauis played by James Franco and Wiseau's friend Greg Sestero is played byDave Franco. This was interesting, because I had heard so much about"the Room" and its cult status as one of the worst movies ever made.The trailer for the Disaster Artist was really intriguing, and I walkedout pretty pleased.This movie has the Franco Brothers and Seth Rogen, and we all know thereputation that comes with them. They make stoner comedies andbasically all play the same characters in every movie they're in. Thatis not the case here. All of those clichés from those movies that wesee from these guys are thrown out of the window. It was a nice changeof pace and pleasant surprise for all of these guys after watchingtheir work and seeing the same stale comedies delivered to audiences.I also wouldn't "technically" categorize this movie as a "comedy." It'sdefinitely more of a dramedy with comedic scenes mixed in, but this isbecause Tommy Wiseau, who is so magnificently played by James Franco inwhat is probably his best performance to date (yes I went there), issuch a weird, mysterious, eccentric, and strange individual that hiswords and actions and his weird passion to make a movie come off ascomedic. It's the more intense drama scenes that really work wellwithin this movie. I will add that the comedic scenes shown the trailerare not the only funny scenes in the movie. There's definitely morehumor in the movie aside from those scenes.My issue with this movie really just comes down to pacing. It took awhile for the buildup, and I get it, it's character development and youhave to explain the relationship between Tommy and Greg, and that'scharacter development, but it just felt a little too long. There wereinstances where I was checking my watch and thought to myself "ithought Seth Rogen was in this movie." I would also say that thecharacter of Amber, played by Alison Brie, really didn't move the storyforward all that much and I felt like she wasn't needed.Overall, I enjoyed it. Laughed my ass off in some parts. Both Francosand Seth Rogen for that matter are really good in the movie, it's abehind the scenes type of movie that shows you how not to make a movie.I thought they did a really good job of capturing just how strange anddetermined Tommy Wiseasu was.I am going to give "The Disaster Artist" a B+.Check out my review of "The Disaster Artist" here on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bT5-PfMK180