*Originally posted on TheLittleBinger.com* It's not over till it's over.Racing champion Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) returns in Cars 3 tocontinue racing. To his surprise, a new generation of racing carsstarts to emerge making him the odd one out. He reaches the point wherehis racing colleagues start to retire and be replaced by newer andbetter models. Yet he insists on staying in the game. A bitterrealization comes after getting into an accident during a race with therookie-turned-rival, Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer). Soon after hisrehabilitation in Radiator Springs and after getting some motivationfrom his friends, McQueen regained his confidence to continue racing.Out with the old, in with the new.He did this still with Rust-eze but under the management of Sterling(Nathan Fillon). Sterling promised him that he would soon be back onthe racetracks but after undergoing rehabilitation. Cruz Ramirez(Cristela Alonzo) trained McQueen to be back in his old form and toeven be better than he was before the crash.Lightning McQueen and Cruz Ramirez. Photo Credit: "Disney-Pixar."Cars 3 remains to be the odd one out in the entire Disney/Pixarline-up. While the better-known titles such Toy Story, Finding Nemo,and Up pack great and engaging story lines, this franchise, however,has a huge contrast. It simply does not feel Pixar enough. Sure, Carswas a smart and moving title but the succeeding movies in the franchisesimply felt unnecessary.Lightning McQueen 95. Photo Credit: "Disney-Pixar."Going metaOne can argue that the studio churns out sequels and even spin-off ofthe franchise because they sell. True enough but this latestinstallment gives off a vibe that it was made simply for that. Thestory is uninspired and unoriginal. It is not bad bad as Cars 2,though. Cars 3 tries to be inspirational and to remind everyone not to give upon their dreams. And succeed in it, it did. The film may not bememorable but it delivered a positive message especially to women thatthey can do what men do. Funny thing, though is that Cars 3 soundedmeta with the team working on it trying to stay relevant. At the plot'score is knowing when to stop and it registered like the franchisesaying it to the studio themselves.