This was a completely disappointing effort. I think we have toacknowledge that Pixar's tank is empty at this point. It was a verymuddled, confused story, with minimal plot, just a few set piecesstrung together. I appreciate Lightning's character arc, but it didn't pay off. OK, he'sgetting old, starting to get beat by the younger, higher tech cars.Interesting premise. At the beginning, they ignore the idea that carscan actually change their tech - could Lightning try to "get in shape"by improving his aerodynamics, suspension, handling, etc.? No, he justgets old and gets bypassed. And he's aided by a "trainer" who expects to get him ready for a racein just a couple weeks, by putting him on a 5 MPH treadmill. She'spretty inept, I expected her to get thrown by the wayside.BUT WAIT! The inept trainer is actually a racer! Who's never racedbefore? But, a day racing on the beach, a night on a moonshine run, anda few days on a dirt track, and a demolition derby, make it clear to usthat this is now a main character. A boring, predictable, maincharacter.SPOILERS FOR THE ENDING HERE.And the final twist is the most unrealistic thing I have seen in amovie in years, I can't understand how this made it past the firstdraft of the script. You know how, if you don't run any qualifyingheats, you get to race in the championship, you just have to startlast? No? You know how, in a marathon, they just let anyone trade numbers, andthe person finishing the race is not the person who started? Really,you don't? And how you can just pick someone out of the crowd to finishthe race for you, they don't have to be on your team, or regulated inany way by the race? You don't? Well, the writers of this movie knowall those things. You know how, if you have no idea about the rules of a game or sport,and you try to write a movie about it, you risk making somethingcompletely unrealistic, that takes the audience out of its suspensionof disbelief entirely? The writers of the movie never heard that ruleeither. And the movie ends on this absolutely farcical idea, which isawful. Even worse, Lightning's story arc is resolved in an unsatisfyingway, and Cruz's story arc was set up so inartfully that it basicallymeans nothing to her. And it certainly meant nothing to me as a viewer.Still, better than Cars 2.