I expected more from this movie. Much more.... The first one, almost 11years ago, was soooooo good! A lot of fun, with really inspired andlovable characters: Mater (almost everybody's most beloved character),Luigi, Guido, Doc, Ramone, even Sally and yes (why not?), evenLightning McQueen! You felt like you've got in a so coherent and realuniverse of humanized cars. Very humanized and with simple andbelievable stories. The entire movie was simple but well cooked, withan incredible sense of humor, with good, decent and tasty jokes ... andtherefore beautiful! I just loved it! Have I talked about Cars so far? I guess that's because there's notmuch to say about Cars 3, unfortunately. It's not awful but you don'tremain with too much after the movie ends. The whole silly gang fromRadiator Spring is reduced to Luigi and Guido, the rest having almostno importance in this movie. The new characters are just some clones ofthe oldest, so why you would make a new movie where you try to copyyourself? Smokey, for instance, is just a new but much weaker DocHudson, with nothing special to transmit to the audience. Jackson Stormit's some sort of sci-fi shadow of Chick Hicks and I had to look on thecast list to remember the name of the character, seeing the movie justtwo hours ago. Cruz is a wannabe-ish McQueen with little force toconvince and I guess it could be an important character for anallegedly Cars 4 sequel. And, of course, it's about a race at the endof the movie. I'm so sad! Cars 3 is a story put on four animated wheels instead of two livingfeet that you saw in a thousand of other movies, comedies or dramas,nothing original. If you're a fan of Cars franchise, watch it! Ifyou're not, don't...! Start with the first installment of Cars and ifyou don't like it, stop there! In the memory of Mater, Luigi, Guido, Doc, Ramone, Sally, Sheriff,Lizzie, I give a 6 out of 10. Just as Cars, in my opinion, woulddeserve a higher than 7.1 grade (as it has now), Cars 3 deserves nomore than 5, but I couldn't stand to see a sad face of Mater! :-)