After 1 hour and 15 minutes, McQueen gives up and lets this girl racerwith NO experience at ALL fill in for him.... she wins within 5minutes. This whole thing was bullshit feminist propaganda. She andother female cars complain about not being able to race because theyare female. 1st of all, that doesn't and would never happen nowadaysand 2nd why bring sexism into a kids movie? Talk about politicizing akids movie for a bullshit agenda. If lightning's trainer was a male, ican bet any money they would have just stuck with McQueen winning. Butno, they made her female on purpose to make her represent women.And even if you ignore all the political bullshit, the movie was trash.This was no underdog story. Not when the underdog, Lightning McQueendips out, putting all of his training to waste and someone else winsfor him. That's over an hour of him training that you sat through forit all to go to waste. They could have showed the first race of the movie, McQueen crashing,then cut out all of the middle parts, McQueen retires, edit in a partof him meeting Cruz, then have McQueen train Cruz and make her theunderdog, and then show the last race with her racing straight from thestart. Boom! Better movie. And its instantly less propaganda if theymake it that she just happens to be a huge racing fan who is waitingfor her big shot, and McQueen helps her achieve that. And its a bigbonus that he would intentionally help her beat the racer that beathim. He helps her achieve it in the movie itself, but by basicallygiving up and shifting the underdog title to her during the last 5-10minutes of the movie. Like it was one giant accident. Absolute garbage.Terrible writing. Regardless on your opinion of the political side ofthis argument... you have to admit that if they wrote it the way I justsuggested above, it would have been 10x better at least. A trueunderdog story closer to that of the first Cars movie, which was so farthe only good one.To sum up, This why hate Disney movies, they like filling theiranimation movies dedicated to KIDS with things like politics and genderequality bullshit. Why can't Disney let a kids movie BE a kids movie?