Cars 3 is a third movie in Pixar's Cars franchise. We don't know ifit's the final one, but it just might be. It does give off that kind offeel though since in this one our lead is facing aging and beingreplaced by the rookies (exactly what he was in the first one).I thought this closed the trilogy rather well. If not a trilogy, thencertainly an end of an era for a franchise. The first one had everyreason to be bad because the premise was an obvious excuse to cash inon toys. But it was surprisingly heartfelt and investing. Even thoughit's world didn't always make sense. I still remember absolutelyadoring it as a kid. The second one, however, is a bit of a bad joke.It wasn't completely awful, but it was most certainly a disappointment.Now that one felt like a cash-grab. And forcing Mater down our throats(also forcing his apparent best friend relationship with LightningMcQueen) just didn't work. Thankfully, everything the 2nd one didwrong, was done right here. We have another emotional story.It introduces us to some new characters, it gave us some nice themesand messages and it paralleled certain parts of the first one in anexciting way that I didn't see coming. I mean, you can sort of expectit happen because the entire second half builds up to it, but stillwhen a certain twist actually happens, I was surprised. They actuallydid that. And for me, it worked. It's divisive, but I thought it wasthe most brilliant way to put an end to this. Especially if you werestill a kid when the first one came out, this will make you EXTREMELYemotional. But in a good way. It's like Rocky Balboa in the first halfand Creed in the second half. Still, I felt the plot kinda dragged inthe second act and didn't really go anywhere. That's one flaw I hadwith this and it's a major one, but everything else worked well for me.I guess I can understand why it's divisive, but I thought the endingwas the most perfect we could get. The first one is still the best, butthis is a major improvement over the 2nd one.