All i have to say, way to completely ruin the franchise and take a dumpat the mcqueen's legacy. Doesn't Disney already have enough femaleprotagonists as it is? Yes, Cars 1 did great, Cars 2 was terrible, butcars 3 is horrible. I am honestly surprised to see that the thirdinstallment has got almost same ratings as Cars 1. -Okay, lets begin. The movie is really depressing if we look it fromMcqueen's view, as it turns out the true antagonist of this sequel isactually "Age". Yes, he is getting old and can't win against newgeneration of cars, but that was supposed to be the whole point, aheroic comeback that old/previous generation cars still have it that nonew cars have which is on-road experience. Didn't Doc Hudson wonagainst a new gen car by outsmarting it? Why Mcqueen had to wuss out atthe final race? Despite the whole emotional build up even after theMcqueen's crash, the movie tells us that "Hudson was ready for a bettercomeback and he was ready to give it all after his major crash, but henever got the chance and eventually retired", but Mcqueen still has thechance, and what he does with it? He gives it to the female rookieracer and she actually easily wins by the end. It was her first race atthe championship and she won. I don't get it why is it that the femaleprotagonists always have it easy. Now, kids are gonna learn that andlearn life the hard way. Sure, throughout the entire movie itdefinitely looks like he is gonna pass on the torch, but it is justpathetic he never had his final race because he accepts, he is gettingold and can't win against new generation racers, and that's how itends. Sure, Cruz Ramirez won at the end, but it was her win, notMcqueen's because he has given up. Whatever happened to never givingup? Sure, he could have given up his racing career after that bytelling the new generation cars that he still got it, but what theheck? The old cars feels so terrible in the entire movie after beingreplaced by the new cars and Mcqueen was supposed to be the light andprove everyone wrong. Instead, we moved on from training Mcqueen thenew way to passing on the torch to a female rookie to show everyoneladies can race too. It is quite obvious at this point that they arebaiting us towards a new sequel trilogy series with new femaleprotagonist. Disney should be ashamed, first they ruined Star Warsfranchise and now this, and i only blame liberals. You know what'struly the worse? If the whole theme was opposite, it was an old femalelead feeling like giving up her race career and passing on the torch toa new young rookie and cocky male racer, then i would love to see thereaction of everyone.