With such a harrowing and inspiring real-life subject and a talentedcast and crew, 'Only the Brave' had a lot going for it and thepotential was enormous.Potential that was more than lived up to. No other film this year sofar has affected me emotionally as much as 'Only the Brave', even'God's Own Country'. 'Only the Brave' is to me one of the best films of2017, one can argue thus far but the end of the year is near so willleave out the thus far, considering that 2017 has been a veryinconsistent year for films this is saying a fair bit. Like what wassaid in my review for 'Paddington 2', another highlight film of theyear, after seeing my fair share of overblown big-budget blockbusterswith little soul, films that waste great premises and films thatattempted laugh-a-minute laughs and doing it in a way that came at theexpense of heart, 'Only the Brave' was a much needed refreshment.Having said that, it is also a wonderful film in its own right.'Only the Brave' is exceptionally made on a visual level. Thecinematography in particular is done beautifully and the practicaleffects will leave one spellbound. The music drives the action well andfits the film's tone, while the direction has both a hard andsympathetic edge that allows the drama to have full impact while notgoing over the top either way of overblown or anaemic.The writing is intelligent and poignant, really making one think. Thestory is particularly good in 'Only the Brave'. It captures the fullharrowing impact of this tragic event, without ever getting excessiveand the action is certainly the opposite of trivialised. The final actis one of the most earth-shattering and emotionally devastating of anyfilm in a long time to me, it really hit me hard. Underneath all theemotion however, it also pays tribute to these courageous individuals,doing it in a way that's honest and inspirational.Another truly impressive component is the acting. Josh Brolin and JeffBridges are especially perfectly cast, while the support from MilesTeller and Jennifer Connelly is similarly on point.In conclusion, a brilliant, incredibly powerful, moving andexceptionally made and acted film and one of the year's best. 10/10Bethany Cox