Title not enough to go on for my thoughts on this movie? That's OK; I'mcool to go deeper.This movie is the latest film to be directed by Edgar Wright, the samehyperactive auteur behind the Cornetto trilogy - Shaun of the Dead, HotFuzz and The World's End - and also Scott Pilgrim vs. The World. All ofthese films are fantastic and very much some of the best movies of themodern century, let alone some of the best comedies. His films dofeature very whip sharp dialogue and editing, along with very faithfulhomages to the genre he's satirising/straight up directing for. Thisfilm is no different.Principally, this movie is in a genre that's hard to pin down: it couldvery much fit into any one of those that I listed in the title of thisreview, because it inhabits each of them equally. The way it utilisesthe comedy and thriller elements are typically brilliant of an EdgarWright project, but even still, the editing is on top form here. Thisis really apparent during the action scenes, where the action is cut tothe music i.e. gunshots that play to drum beats, or the actual timingof the beginning and ends of the action scenes being on point. Itextends beyond into how Baby interacts with Debora at the launderette,and builds a really, REALLY infectious kineticism with the movie thatits exceptional.The filmmaking is solid, but also the writing is great as well.Everything that is set up within the film comes into play at somepoint, and in very unexpected ways that are genius - even the spellingof Debora's name comes into play, or a particular song being used in away that you wouldn't expect it to be. There's also the inclusion of akind-of Antagonist switch at the final act of the movie; I haven't seenthat in a long time. This originality, and not patronising the audiencewith stuff they've seen before is totally refreshing.And then we have the acting. Ansel Elgort, who's best known for TheFault in our Stars, is really giving a new start to his career as thischarming, cool, but also quietly powerful performance as Baby, who isaware that he's playing alongside dangerous criminals but also hasstandards that come into play throughout the film. Additionally, hischemistry with Lily James is quite endearing and sweet, and realisticfor a pair of 17 year olds. Kevin Spacey is in this film, giving his best film performance in along time, as the mob boss Doc who is both a parental figure to Babybut also is very demanding of him in a deep kind of way. His presencein the film is a welcome one to keep the thriller and comedic elementsafloat. However, the two best performances in the film - and I WILL state thatthey are Oscar worthy here - are by Jamie Foxx as 'Bats' and Jon Hammas 'Buddy'. Both are the subject of that Antagonist switch I mentionedearlier, and the way they are utilised as direct threats to Baby andeverything he has are genius. These characters are both individuallyfantastic: they are in equal measures terrifying and hilarious at thesame time, and get some great lines. There's also supportingperformances by Jon Bernthal at the beginning very briefly as agangster, Eiza Gonzalez as Buddy's wife Darling who is equally awesome,and a heart warming performance by deaf actor CJ Jones as Baby's fosterfather.In short, see this movie. I predict it'll get no awards attention eventhough it sorely deserves it, and I would love it if it did. Just makesure you see it in a cinema and get the best experience you can withit.