I was hugely excited for this, as a fan of Wright ever since Spaced.But I left feeling really underwhelmed. If you want a Kingsman stylelightly amusing comedy with a good soundtrack then its great. But ifyou're looking for the warm, cosy, nuanced and observed humour andsubtle wit of the Cornetto trilogy with a bunch of heart and charm thenyou might feel underwhelmed too. Whats wrong with it? (spoiler free) - It over-relies on the central idea of music and syncing. If that hadbeen one element on the side of a much more interesting and characterdriven heist film (e.g. just a gimmick of the driver), it could haveworked brilliantly. But because its been SO built around that idea, youstart thinking "really, is the idea even that interesting?" The syncingbecomes more distracting with its fantasy elements (e.g. Hamm shootinga gun in time to the music that Baby's listening to). Its fine for ashort film or music video, but it gets stretched a little thin across awhole feature (especially when there's precious little between thesemoments to be interested in). - There are precious few actual car chases. I was expecting a climacticcrazy chase on a scale with the one in Blues Brothers, something overthe top and cinematic as with Hot Fuzz, but it never happens. Theaction shifts instead to some pedestrian action in a car park interior.The chases themselves are fairly short and really not very inventive -beside the music syncing there's just nothing interesting about them.The opening of Drive feels far more engaging and interesting incomparison. - The central romance falls flat. The girl just comes across as fakeand irritating, with zero chemistry between them. Because of this,Baby's purpose to be with her has no credibility. - The other characters are all weak. I craved some of the brilliantlynuanced characters of Wrights other work, even ones that pop up forbrief moments (e.g. Peggs housemate or Reese Shearsmith's character inShaun). Spacey does a hugely watered down version of his Glengarycharacter. Jon Bernthal's more interesting character only pops up for abrief pointless cameo to make 'retard' jokes, never to be seen again. - The cinematography feels dull like a TV pilot, its just not inventivein the way that it feels like it should be. Visually, its the weakestWright film by far. - The plot is clichéd. For a heist film, there is nothing inventive ormemorable about the writing or story whatsoever.The music is obviously great, and there are some nice amusing moments.But it didn't live up to the film I imagined from the hype, or Edgar'sother movies, at all. I feel like people are just being suggestible tothe idea of "cool music" and marketing.