Not everybody has heard the true story this movie is based on. I wentinto this movie only based on what I saw in the trailer. Since it'snonfiction, I knew it wouldn't be your typical cookie-cutter typenarrative, but I still expected it, and was blown away by the tragicevents, and the extraordinary way it was presented on screen.This is the story of a special group of trained firefighters in dealingspecifically with forest/brush fires. Their primary goal is to save asmuch land and lives as possible, as well as homes, from massive fires.These men train for years and when they meet certain requirements, aregiven qualifications to be labeled as "Hotshots," which seems to be theequivalent of an actuary obtaining their Fellowship, or a boy scoutachieving his Eagle Scout, or a junior varsity becoming varsity (or avarsity obtaining their Letter). Hotshots also literally fight firewith fire, opposed to regular firefighters who fight fire with water.This is based on an actual crew, their lives and relationships witheach other and their families, along with the work they bear, thehardships they endure, and the fires they face. The most efficient aspects of the film are the acting, storytelling,and cinematography. The movie focuses more on their lives andrelationships than the actual firefighting, but it does contain a fairamount of action. Beautiful Arizona scenery surrounds the key playersand their fellow crew members as they battle anonly-slightly-predictable threat. Only cons I have are ones I had to nit-pick. The film in an effort toreach out to a wider audience, should have toned down the profanity,which is heavy even for a modern PG-13 movie. A few of the relationshipdramas/arguments seemed contrived, and while they did a great jobexplaining the countermeasures they take to battle the fires, therestill is some confusion to their methods, and it would have been niceto know some of the other members of crew better. Phenomenal film, however, and was a tremendous memorial to these menand women.This isn't just a story about specific men and women in history whomade sacrifices to protect one state, this is about all emergencyresponders. Just like how most stories about the military focus oncertain groups and individuals, but remains a tribute to ALL who make aliving from defending other people's lives and liberties. God bless our emergency responders, as well as our military, police,city firefighters, paramedics, so forth.