Exhilarating! Edgar Wright's Baby Driver is an accelerated non-stopaction-thriller that will have you in high-gear the entire drive time.Wildly entertaining! It offers up the best car chases, excellentcharacters, and displays solid writing in this subgenre of actionfilms. During the golden age of Hollywood cinema, grand getaways,robberies, and car chase movies were a staple. Sony/Tristar, et al,demonstrate that one of the foundational plot types that providedaudiences with thrills back then can be effectively resurrected todayto embody the engine that drove those motion pictures and install itinto a new, sleek body design to mesmerize and impress audiences oftoday. Certainly, Baby drives to the beat of his own mixtape in thismovie, but the film itself goes further and integrates the rhythm ofaction into the sound design of the motion picture. Not to be leftbehind on the 80s throwback movies and TV shows bandwagon featuringhipsters and mixtapes, Wright crafts a summer film that rises above theall too cliché CGI robots taking to the sky and pirates swashbucklingacross the seas to remind us that little can compare to the squeal ofthe wheel, love, and the witty turning of phrase. In short, Baby Driveris a self-aware pop-culture film but has the soul of a James Deanmotion picture.Meet Baby (Elgort). Yes, that's B-A-B-Y Baby. He's the unparalleledtalented getaway driver for Doc's (Spacey) Atlanta crime ring. Withearbuds in place, playing classic rock or his own mixtapes, Babydrives, speeds, and maneuvers to the beat of his tunes. No police forceis a match for his ability to evade his would-be captors in order toreturn Doc's henchman (and woman) to the secret lair. As chance wouldhave it, Baby meets Debora (James), the girl of his dreams, at hisusual diner. All that stands in his way is one more job for Doc, or sohe thinks. With payment in full of his debt to Doc on the horizon, Babyseen this as his opportunity to make a clean break and to ditch hisshady lifestyle of crime. But when Doc approaches Baby with yet anotherjob, Baby must decide to whom his allegiances lie and protect those heloves.Any veteran filmmaker will tell you that it's vitally important to hookthe audience within the first three to five minutes of a film. Fail tohook producers at the beginning of the screenplay, and it'sfile-thirteen for those 120 pages. As a director, it's encumbered uponhim or her to grab hold of the audience's attention, creating the urgeto want more, to know more. The first scene of Baby Driver is anincredible display of excellence in writing, directing, and thetechnical elements of motion picture creation. The magic of this scenelies in the ability for Wright to wow the audience without leavinganyone "out there in the dark" (Sunset Blvd) overly stimulated or leftwith the feeling of utter exhaustion. The scene is perfectlystimulating. It sets the bar high for the film, and continues to keepit up there for the entire runtime. Just like the pace of Baby'sdriving, the pacing of the film is exquisitely handled and couldn't bebetter! The biggest difference between this robbery/getaway film andsimilar films such as The Fast and the Furious is substance. Inaddition to the incredible cinematography and sound design paired without of the world car chases, the film provides heart, soul, andqualitative substance that forms the foundation upon which the moresuperficial elements are laid.The cast couldn't have been more brilliantly selected. One of thehallmarks of an Edgar Wright film is the charismatic leads that displaysolid chemistry on screen. Just who are our heroes in this film? You'lljust have to watch it and decide for yourself. I love it when filmstake the more conventional concept of heroes and villains and turns iton its head. For whomever you decide are the heroes, you'll certainlyfind yourself actively rooting for their survival and rooting for thevillains to meet their demise in shockingly creative ways. When KevinSpacey isn't busy being the President of the United States, or morerecently, an ex-President, he is the king pin of an Atlanta- basedcrime syndicate that stages fantastically wild robberies. And Baby isindebted to him and must reluctantly aid and abet as the best getawaydriver ever to hit the screens in recent years-- think a modern-dayJames Dean. Jaime Foxx plays the veteran head henchman extremely welland adds his own repulsive, yet comedic charm to his role. It wouldhave been far too easy to play off Spacey and Foxx's conventionaltalents to steel focus away from the central plot, but Wright strikes aperfect balance between his leads and the story. Elgort and Spacey'son-screen chemistry was crafted with strategic precision in order toquickly solidify the frien-emy relationship between the two characters.With Elgot increasing in popularity, Wright could have deflated toplaying up the attractive bad boy tropes but instead allows Elgot'sBaby to develop organically throughout the film.If you are seeking a summer film that clearly demonstrates a movie inwhich all the creative elements work seamlessly together in the mannerin which they were respectively intended, then don't miss Baby Driverwhile it's in theatres. The energy you will feel in this film is nearlyunparalleled by any in recent times, and that's because both the majorand minor components work together like a well-oiled machine. You willbe at full throttle as you are instantly transported from yourauditorium seat to the passenger seat in Baby's car.