Edgar Wright can really do no wrong. Hot Fuzz was a hit. The World'sEnd was a hit. Shaun Of The Dead was a hit. But Baby Driver is a grandslam home run. Really, this movie is amazing and there's so much goodabout it that there's not much to say about anything bad in this movie.First, Edgar Wright has managed to create an awesome original moviethat is not a sequel, remake, or reboot. And he has also managed tocreate a movie that is 100x cooler than anything Quentin Tarantino hasmade in the last 10 years. Really, this movie is cool on multiplelevels. Baby is an intriguing character in his own right. As is hislove interest, Debora the waitress. But when you add such veteranactors as Kevin Spacey, Jamie Foxx and Jon Hamm to the mix along withan eccentric cast of newcomers and veterans to the mix (like Red HotChili Peppers' bassist Flea), the film becomes something much more thana simple action flick.Second, the soundtrack. This is a movie set in modern times so it needsa modern soundtrack. Edgar Wright could have gone the 70's nostalgiaroute like so many before him. But this one is way different. It's likevisiting your vintage record store. There's 30 songs on the soundtrack,all from various decades of music from the 1950s to the present modernera of music. Each track was meticulously chosen, and is more than justmere background noise. The songs often take on a life of their own andduring the scenes, you can actually see the songs become a part of thescene. While most movies put the soundtrack in the background and tryto burn as much music as they can, Baby Driver actually weaves themusic into each scene and it becomes almost organic. Like thesoundtrack is a secondary character in the movie.The songs in the movie are as brilliant as the movie itself. This isn'tjust some collection of nostalgia tunes slapped together for backgroundeffect, this is the real deal. You have such diverse and eccentricmusic as Queen, Beck, The Damned, Sam & Dave, Blur, Simon & Garfunkel,Barry White, Dave Brubeck, Focus, and more. After watching the movie,go buy the soundtrack. Preferably on vinyl, really, any other formatkind of defeats the purpose. Although Baby himself prefers an iPod. Soyou can buy it on iTunes.Third, the action sequences. While it's best to go into the moviespoiler-free, the action sequences aren't just mere action sequences.They really make you want to go rent a Mustang or a Camaro and burnsome serious rubber. This movie has some of the best action and drivingsequences that have not been seen in a movie for a very long time. Thisis more in tune with some of the all time classic action films likeGoldfinger or Bullit. Amazing action sequences combined with seriouscharacter development makes Baby Driver a really intriguing film.So in short go see this movie. Then crank up the tunes and burn somerubber. Then go watch all of Edgar Wright's other movies. Supportoriginality in Hollywood.