Baby Driver is a stylish, technical marvel that is remarkablyentertaining. From the opening sequence, director Edgar Wright stampshis work with his signature uniqueness. Wright puts the spotlight ongetaway driver Baby, portrayed by The Fault in Our Star's Ansel Elgort,as he rocks out in his car, while Elgort's co-stars conduct awell-rehearsed bank heist off screen. Immediately, from this onedirection choice, you know this won't be a run-of-the-mill heist film.What follows is anything but your run-of-the-mill heist film. Music isbeautifully integrated into nearly every scene, adding to theunconventionality of Wright's approach to action. The sound editingperfectly blends the actions scenes with the accompanying music. Therehave been plenty of getaway car chases in film, most notably in theFast and Furious franchise, but the flair that Wright adds with his ownpersonal touch make Baby Driver's car sequences some of the best put tofilm.The colors in this film are consistently bright and vibrant, matchingthe similarly colorful performances by the cast. Jamie Foxx is astandout here, playing the borderline cartoonish gangster, Bats. JonHamm and and Eiza Gonzalez portray a similarly over-the-top Bonnie andClyde duo. Kevin Spacey is (naturally) excellent as the boss that pullsthis mishmash of stereotypes together with his cold efficiency. Thoughmost of these characters are written to be caricatures of familiarcharacter archetypes, each and every member of this star- studded castis able to pull it off.  The charisma that each of these actors bringto the film are one of Baby Driver's greatest assets.It's easy to heap praise upon this film's supporting cast, but Elgortis truly commendable in his first proper leading role. He is given alot to do in his film, as his character Baby's personality differsgreatly depending on who is present in the scene. Elgort's performanceranges from stoic in the presence of his heist crew, slicklycharismatic around his love interest, and energetic to an almostchild-like level when he is by himself.When it comes to the script, there is a perfect synergy with everyother the aspect of the film. The dialogue is often over the top, thecharacters are exaggerated, the plot is almost fantasy-like. The 80saction movie esque direction taken by writer/director Edgar Wrightexcuses some of the film's flaws. This isn't a hyper realistic, superserious action film. This is borderline fantasy at points.The flaws of this film are largely based on personal preference. Thesecond act of the film slows down a bit to focus on Baby's relationshipwith his love interest, Debbie. If you were expecting non-stop actionthroughout the film, this may bother you. These scenes are well donehowever, and just as unique and stylized as the action scenes. Also, ifyou don't take well to the over-the-top, fantasy-like characters andplot, you might see it as a flaw, instead of an asset of the film.While a movie that I love, 2011's Drive, starring Ryan Gosling, wascriticized for being largely style over substance. There are definitelysimilarities between Drive and Baby Driver; especially with both film'semphasis on style. While I don't think Baby Driver will be quite aspolarizing, if Drive is a movie that you did not enjoy, you will findsimilar flaws here.Baby Driver is loud, over-the-top, and unrealistic. But these aren'tnecessarily flaws, as all of these aspects add to the charm of thisfilm. This is my favorite work from Edgar Wright so far, and one of myfavorite films of the year.