With more than it's fair share of suspense and thrills this highintensity but somewhat far fetched heist film roars right out of thebox, begins to sputter midway and breaks down in True Romance fashionby the credits. Talk about being taken for a ride.Errand boy get away driver Baby (Ansel Elgort)has a severe hearingproblem ameliorated by inspiring music that has him clicking on allcylinders whether picking up coffee or leading the chase; but it mustbe the right music. He owes big time to mobster Doc(Kevin Spacey) andis paying him back as a quirky wheel man that creeps out his cohorts.He finds a girl and wants out but Doc is not about to let that happenwith over an hour to go of road mayhem and murder still on the meter.One has to suspend a lot to get through this pile-up created by writerdirector Edgar Wright with characters lacking depth or consistency.Doc, the cold merciless brains doesn't show much of them when selectingpsycho killers to pull jobs or at least be adorned in intimidatingtattoos and making sure the "team" mix is at loggerheads in theplanning stages. It gets even worse as Doc gets caught up in thecringing mawkishness that infects the film at its conclusion. Wright'sfree form absurdity extends of course to the Duracell battery villain(Jon Hamm in this case, Javier Bardem and Heath Ledger were actuallygiven Oscars for their resilience in the past) a prerequisite thesedays for insipid films that move in and out of reality and constantlyremind us we are watching a movie bordering on computer game. In one ofthe film's better chase scenes we have Baby on foot tortuously eludingpolice only to catch up with Houdini Hamm who has managed to extricatehimself from being surrounded by cops over the same period. Gratuitousviolence is plentiful but in Wright's hip world glossed over at trialand trumped by the fact he returned a woman's pocket book among otherthings allowing for our anti-hero to be out of jail in no time ridingoff in a 59 Chevy convertible with his girl in glorious black andwhite. The fact he participated in at least three brutal robberiesresulting in multiple casualties and death is a non-issue in films ofthis ilk. Hence, the characters never progress beyond durable outlinewhile the story remains repetitive, predictable and pretentious, itslabored breathing depending heavily on pop nostalgia and the occasionalrush of adrenaline with Baby at the wheel. Baby Driver is violentfluff.