I don't consider myself a movie expert or anything but I'd like tothink I know a good movie when I see one, even if it's not exactly mycup of tea. Baby Driver was actually supposed to be. It had thepotential to be a decent action movie but I was suspicious from themoment I saw it had 8.3 on here. I mean, what could have they done withthis movie to deserve such a high rating? So, just in case, I loweredmy expectations and, somehow, I still managed to be disappointed. Is itpossible I am not seeing the originality and perfection of this moviethat everyone keeps talking about?Let's go over the good parts first. The soundtrack, of course. I wasvery pleased with the song choices and that alone has salvaged thismovie from a tempting lower rating than 6/10. Then, the action. Onecould argue that is seemed forced in some cases, which is true, butoverall, I can appreciate the bad-ass driving scenes and the wellexecuted violent confrontations.Now it's time for the cons. To begin with, I feel like this had thepotential to be a great story and somehow it got boring before it evenbegan. The relationship between Elgort's (Baby) and Spacey's (Doc)characters could have given some wind to the wings of this movie.Baby's past could have done the same. I swear, there are so many thingswhich could have been used to make some sense out of the story and outof the characters, but they just didn't elaborate on anything wellenough to interest the viewers. It's like they wanted this movie to beso many different things that they ended up with a little bit ofeverything which amounted to nothing much when put together. Onto thegirl. I just don't find her character believable nor do I see anyrelevance of having her in the movie other that to slow down the paceof it. I could go on about all the things which were ridiculous aboutthis love story, but then again, maybe I'm just too cynical tounderstand it. Next stop, Spacey and Foxx. Come. On. Guys. I adore bothof them and I was hoping for either of them to be the highlight of thismovie. They were not. It felt like Specey couldn't be bothered todeliver a good performance. I was half expecting him to keyser soze hisway out of it and turn the whole thing around and there was even aperfect moment to do so. And then nothing. Foxx didn't do a bad job butthis character of his was already used in Horrible bosses so I can'tgive him much credit for it.The list really could go on for much longer. I don't expect movies likethis to have relatable characters nor a reality based storyline, but Ido expect a level of consistency, which is something this movie islacking big time. I enjoy when a movie has more than one thing to offerbut this whole "love story from a musical on one side and a serious,violent heist on the other", is just not working in a way I findinteresting.