Only the Brave is a great emotionally driven drama film about theGranite Mountain Hotshots firefighting crew that battled the YarnellHill fire. Well, the film is great. Director Joseph Kosinski did agreat job in keeping up the pace from the intense fire battlesequences. Joseph Kosinski tackled the big budget visual effects flickslike Tron Legacy and Oblivion. Seeing him take on a smaller budgetdrama film was well handled. The film follows Eric (Josh Brolin) who is trying to get a crew offirefighters together. He convinces the town mayor to help get themevaluated. He recruits a young pothead Donut (Miles Teller), who getshigh all day and finds out his ex girlfriend is pregnant. Then, thereis Eric's former crew of Jesse (James Badge Dale) and Chris (TaylorKitsch). Donut is trying to take responsibility and wants to betterhimself by supporting his girlfriend by giving her baby supplies withthe money he makes. Meanwhile, Eric's wife Amanda (Jennifer Connelly)has been struggling with their marriage, as she wants a family. ButEric is too focused on his fire crew and away all the time battlingfires. But the event that will test them is when a wildfire in Yarnellstorms out of control. It is a great film. Yes, if you know the story you will know how itwill end. But the build up with every character that are so distinctfrom each other. Seeing them bond and form a family friendship is whathits really hard with the film. You see rivals form a brotherhoodfriendship. Characters making a life changing decisions to betterthemselves. The character development is well done in the film. Theplot is one of those inspirational stories of seeing these heroicfirefighters crew battling through hell with these wildfires. They arelike the brute force that goes in with only certain amount of gear withtheir chainsaws, digging tools, and their safety gear. It has a huge cast ensemble. I am sure, there are familiar faces withthe fire crew and some that wont have enough screen time. Josh Brolin,Miles Teller, James Badge Dale, Taylor Kitsch, and Jennifer Connellyall did great. The director managed to keep the intensity on the fire sequences. Whenthe climax arrives. The ending does become a little emotionallydifficult to watch. But it does pay a great tribute to the hardworkingfirefighters that battled the Yarnell fire and all the firefightersaround the world. Overall, Only the Brave is a great drama action film. The cast ensemblewas great. The plot and characters were great and inspirational. It wasnever slow or boring. The direction was great as it captured theintensity of these fire crew battling with the wildfires.I rate the film 5 out of 5 stars. I definitely recommend seeing thefilm on the big screen.