I was hugely surprised at just how good the first film was and wastentatively cautious when this sequel was green-lighted that perhaps itmight cheapen Michael Bond's beloved family friendly creation.However, fear not, for this sequel is absolutely terrific on alllevels. Firstly it is as funny and witty and as brilliantly animated asthe first film. The excellent cast from the first film is also enhancedby a superb turn from Hugh Grant, who hasn't been as good as he is herein a long time. In fact it is quite clear to the viewer that Grant isthoroughly enjoying himself by playing against type and sending himselfup as a faded egotistical actor and total cad who sets Paddington up tobe the fall guy (or should that be Bear?) for a dastardly deed. Thereis a touch of the pantomime villain to his performance, but it workssplendidly and it fits his character perfectly.All the wit and heart of the first film is still evident here and insome ways, built upon. Brendan Gleeson is also excellent as an old lagand prison cook who loses his angry nature when he succumbs toPaddington's charms and talents in the kitchen. There are also loads ofgreat jokes too, some pitched at younger children and some deliberatelyaimed at the more adult viewer.All in all this is a worthy sequel and a great memorial to Paddingtonscreator, Michael Bond, who died whilst this sequel was still beingfilmed. It is full of laughs, thrills, action sequences, greatcharacters, some wonderful animation (one scene is an obvious nod tothe 2D paper cut-outs of the human characters in the 1970s children'sTV show) and you would have to have a hard heart indeed to not burstinto tears at the wonderful ending. Also, don't leave the film untilyou watch Hugh Grant gloriously send himself up with a musical song anddance act as the end credits roll. Thoroughly recommended to anybody who wants to see 100 minutes offamily friendly fun that isn't either sickly sweet or too dark foryoungsters and still thoroughly watchable to adults too. Great fun anda worthy sequel to one of the best British films in recent years.