Paddington 2 sees us return to the whimsical fantasy London of thefirst film and finds Paddington firmly part of the Brown family, andthe wider community, and looking for a birthday present for his AuntLucy, who is currently residing in the home for Retired Bears in Peru.Our ursine hero decides upon an expensive old book for his aunt,without realising that nefarious fallen actor Phoenix Buchanan is alsointerested in the book for essay innocent reasons. Cue a burglary, a bicycle chase and case of mistaken identity that seesour furry innocent sent to prison where he is put in charge of thelaundry and immediately falls foul of the prison's resident hard man,Brandon Gleeson playing Nuckles. Naturally the Brown family refuse tobelieve Paddington's guilt and start a furious campaign to uncover thethief, who is busy solving his own puzzle and following clues from hisstolen book in order to uncover a fabulous hidden treasure. This is all very silly, but delivered with such verve and such skillthat it is nothing other than utterly charming. It is helped by anotherterrific script from Paul King and that is packed with sight gags andbrief character moments that seem throwaway, but all come into playlater on in the film. From Mr. Brown's midlife crisis, to Mrs Brown'sswimming challenge, to Phoenix Buchanan's conversations with costumeddummies signifying his greatest roles, every thread is neatly tied upat the end. At its heart though is Paddington himself. A CGI character so wellrealised that he utterly blends into the film, at no point do you thinkthat's a special effect. Helped by a winning voice work from BenWhishaw and peerless, flawless animation, Paddington is brought tovivid, wonderful life. In this reviewer's opinion, Paddington could bethe most accomplished CGI character yet seen on screen, easily theequal of other celebrated characters such as Cesar or Gollum. He blendsinto every scene, interacts with the live cast perfectly, andseamlessly delivers the various slapstick gags. Of the rest of the ensemble cast, Hugh Grant just about steals theshow, deploying his natural charm and charisma in the service of arather dislikeable villain, and one with seemingly a number of mentalproblems. It is a role requiring some complex acting and Grant is morethan up to the challenge. His is a humble performance of a hugenarcissist and played with an admirable lack of vanity ? for exampleall the glamour shots dotted around Phoenix's house are actual Grantheadshots from back in the day. Rumpled, frustrated, smug and convincedof his own ability, it is a great character and lovingly brought tolife. Also a hilarious, and utterly ridiculous, post-credits sequenceis a Grant highlight and should not be missed. Hugh Bonneville does a great Hugh Bonneville impression as Mr. Brown,but it is of the actor's usually high standard. Julie Walters brings alot of character to Mrs. Bird, even though the character has verylittle to do in this film. Brendan Gleason excels as the terrifyingNuckles , growling out lines and barking orders, but unable towithstand Paddington's primary weapon: the hard stare. The rest of thecast, a veritable who's who of British comedy actors, are all superb intheir small roles, underlining the sense of community, warmth, and lovesurrounding a small bear in a big city.If there is a small gripe it is the fact that the film's plotnecessitates the sidelining of the Brown family and many of the localcommunity faces all played by well known British comic actors) which isa bit of a shame, but this is a minor gripe. Grant's character is lessboo-hiss than Nicole Kidman's in the first film, but this is ultimatelyto the film's benefit. Paddington 2 is a life-affirming slice of cinematic joy. This is not akids film with a few jokes thrown in to keep the adults interested, butsweet, thrilling, funny film for everyone. This author (childless,watching with two friends, also childless) was in a matinée show fullof kids of all ages but by the end, where there is a moment of dramathat should raise a sob from the hardest of hearts, the cinema wasutterly silent. Everyone, from grandparents to the tiniest tots, wascompletely absorbed in the drama on screen. King, his cast and his crewmake it look so effortless to pull off this kind of film, to thispolished a standard, with this little fuss; it isn't .The original Paddington was a genuine five star family classic,instantly taking its place alongside Mary Poppins and the Jungle Book.Paddington 2, while slightly weaker in some areas, but stronger inothers, can sit proudly alongside the original. It is also,fantastically, not an exact re-tread of the original, but instead tellsa different story with the same characters and just as well. It alsocleverly, and carefully, tells the story as a child may imagine it ?from the bringing to life of a pop-up picture book, to the innocentvision of how a prison works - it is an entrancing, beguiling andabsurdly colourful view of the world, untainted by adult cynicism. Itis a visual return to innocence. This alone should be applauded, but the rate of jokes, the standard ofwriting, the flawless animation and the sheer heart of the film raisethis head and shoulders above most other children's films. Not just thebest family film I've seen this year, it could be one of the best filmsI've seen this year. Perfect family entertainment.