I used to read all the Paddington books when I was a small boy and mywife when she was a little girl. We both loved all the crazy escapadesthat Paddington got into and he did it all with a good heart.I very much enjoyed seeing the first Paddington but did feel it wasn'tquite Paddington with the scary woman and the scary scenes.Paddington 2 completely captures the essence of the the books andreally wrings out the most of some of the characters.Brendan Gleeson is superb as the 'nasty' Knuckles who quickly warms toPaddington. This might sound far-fetched but the whole film is verychildish. Now that's not childish in the sense of "silly and immature"but in the other definition of "appropriate to a child". The whole filmshows and plays scenes as a child might imagine things to be - forexample how the prison works and especially the lovely idea that thewarden reads the inmates a bedtime story to help them all get to sleep.There are superb performance from all the actors and a huge number ofcameos. Even the small scenes put in by the like of Joanna Lumley andRob Brydon are clearly done with great love from the actors. Hugh Grantputs in a superb over the top performance as the baddie, which reallylet him flex his vocal talents!The whole film is done in bright colours and with a superb musicalbacking track. When you are watching the film be careful to payattention to all the small details, such as the newspaper headlines andthe To Do list in the Brown's Kitchen, there a huge number of littlejokes in the background and I suspect I'll spot a whole load more whenI watch this again on Blu-Ray!Not really spoilers but there is only one really 'scary' scene near theend but it is so beautifully done and you know that Paddington will winso even the little ones won't cry. And make sure you stay for ALL thecredits as they play out to an amazing "what happened after" montage.I have noticed that that at the time of writing this review there were927 votes and 15 people have given the film a 1-star. Now I knoweveryone is entitled to their opinion but in this case I suspect thesepeople might not really understand Paddington and what he's all about,if you have young children and they love Paddington then they will lovethis film.This film is suitable for young children aged 4 to 104 :)Let you into a secret, when my wife and I went to watch this film therewere a lot of people in the cinema but not one was under 18! From thelooks of it the audience was aged 20 - 80!I cried and I laughed through the whole film and rekindled my innerPaddington.