Loved the first 'Paddington', was not sure whether that would be thecase but it turned out to be one of that year's biggest surprises anddelights. Was enthused about hearing that there was a sequel with thesame crew returning, always a plus when it comes to sequels, but therewas the concern as to whether it would fall victim to "sequel-titis".Very luckily, 'Paddington 2' does not fall victim to that. It is one ofnot many sequels to actually be equal in quality to its predecessor andcome close to being even better. It maintains all of 'Paddington's'heart, fun and charm, maintaining everything that made that film sogood, and even builds on that appeal. For such a hit-and-miss year andseeing my fair share of overblown big-budget blockbusters with littlesoul, films that waste great premises and films that attemptedlaugh-a-minute laughs and doing it in a way that came at the expense ofheart, 'Paddington 2' was a much needed refreshment. Not saying at allthat it has been a completely bad year, actually there have been verygood to great films, just that 'Paddington 2' stood out in the best ofways in recent weeks.Maybe it could have been ever so slightly longer and would have againliked to have seen more of Mr Curry and his acrimonious relationshipwith Paddington. Everything else is magic.'Paddington 2' once again looks great. It's beautifully shot andvibrant in design with a little bit of grit and Paddington as to beexpected couldn't have looked more perfect. The music score is suitablysoothing, rousing and whimsical, while the direction keeps thingsmoving at a bright and breezy pace. A pace that never slows down butdoesn't ever feel too hasty either.Scripting is also spot on. The comedic moments are incredibly funny,the best of it hilarious, with rapid-fire wit, endearing quirkiness,clever gags that don't feel like pale retreads of before and perfectlypitched misunderstandings and physical comedy. Underneath all thehumour and the darker and more suspenseful mystery/action-orientedelements of the story is a big heart and strong emotional core, withsome lovely inspiring messaging and values that are very much currentand some touching parts. It's also incredibly intelligent, not manyfilms this year have treated its audience with the amount of respectthat 'Paddington 2' has, and has such an endearing innocence.A large part of that is the character of Paddington himself. Can'tfault his design or Ben Whishaw's beautiful voice acting, nor can onefault his truly adorable personality, absolutely love how he tries tostill remain even in the grimmest of situations and he is easy to rootfor and love throughout. The story may on the slight side structurallybut has a lot going on, without being cluttered, that makes it verymuch eventful and to me there weren't any tonal issues.Every ounce of the heart, charm and fun seen in 'Paddington' is hereand everybody gets a chance to shine, especially Mr Brown and Mrs Birdof Paddington's family. The new characters are great additions, with asuperior villain and the character of the cook Knuckles being one ofthe film's nicest surprises. Only Mr Curry could have been done better.Performances across the board are great. Hugh Bonneville balancescomedy and drama with ease, Sally Hawkins is compassionate and JulieWalters is a hoot. Jim Broadbent is always a welcome presence and theyounger actors are appealing. Brendan Gleeson excels in a departurerole, a dramatic actor in a more comedic role in a family-friendly filmcould have gone wrong but Gleeson brings a curmudgeonly charm and greatcomic timing. Hugh Grant is also cast against type and brilliantlysends up himself and the world of acting. This is Paddington's filmthough.Overall, an absolute delight and refreshing. 9/10 Bethany Cox