I won't bother trying to keep this spoiler free, because I want toaddress a couple things that involve later plot events. So, I was luckyenough to get tickets to an advance screening; not the only one I know,but it was my first time going to one and that was kind of cool. Therewas a lot lacking from this compared to the Secret Service, whichdidn't keep it from being entertaining but did make it less enjoyableoverall.There were some choices that were made and risks that were taken in thecontent of the story that I admired, which I'll talk about first. Arelatively small risk was having a woman play the villain. Giving Eggsya long-term relationship with Princess Tilde could not have been easyto handle from a writing standpoint as Eggsy gets put in a *very*awkward spot at one point because of it. The largest of the risks,though, was having the villain's plan center around drugs. It isn't onas grand of a scale as Valentine's cell phone scheme, but it doesinvolve a major moral and social question. I thought it was a bravechoice to deal with the war on drugs in such a touchy way, but theydidn't go so far as to take a side. After all, a *lot* of people usedrugs and a great number of them are decent human beings. One of thepeople in my theater gave a little cheer of approval when the "SaveLives-- Legalize" thing came up. In a way, I wish the Kingsmen couldhave been required to make a tougher moral choice, but it isn't thatsort of movie. Still, I think it's a step in the right direction that abig studio movie like this is taking these sorts of risks.Risks aside, this was a step down from the first movie in every regard.Julianne Moore was not nearly as good of a villain as Samuel L. Jacksonin my opinion. The action was on par with the first movie, but notbetter. No fight scene topped the iconic church brawl from the firstmovie and there was more deus ex machina than I would have liked, butAgent Whiskey was amazing to see in action. Also, it was ratherinconsistent with its story, and I could tell that it was beinghampered by a need for action scenes and Elton John cameos. Mostfrustrating was the lack of theme and character arc. In the firstmovie, we got to see Eggsy becoming a gentleman and rising above hiscircumstances, but nothing like that was present here. I guess therewas a little bit of an "oxfords not brogues" motif with the Statesmanbeing against drugs but okay with alcohol, but that's a stretch. Acouple other attempts were made at giving the movie more of a theme,but they fell short by and large.Other notes. I could have done without Charlie coming back, especiallysince they kept him and killed off Roxy. I'm not sure that anyone is toblame for this, but John Denver's country roads song has now come up ina major way in two movies this year (see Logan Lucky). If you want tosee this, I recommend seeing it in theaters because I know I laughedmore than if I watched it at home alone. It was a bit of a let down,but I will go see the third if there is one. Overall Rating: 7.7/10