I was a fan of the first KINGSMAN film back in 2014.  This stylized,violent, charming and daffy film took my completely by surprise and ILOVED the world that was built, the characters that were introduced andthe STYLIZED VIOLENCE that was set forth and I couldn't wait to seewhat comes next.And...what comes next was more of the same, but without the shock andawe of the uniqueness of things and, quite frankly, I was feelingsomewhat disappointed...And then an "old friend" from the first film shows up and the filmrecaptures the magic of the first for the 2nd half of this movie and,by the end, I had a ball.KINGSMAN: THE GOLDEN CIRCLE follows the exploits of the hero from thefirst film Eggsy (a "good enough" Taron Egerton).  When a disastertakes out most of the Kingsmen, it is up to him and gadget wiz Merlin(Mark Strong - more on him later) to find out who targeted the Kingsmenand take them down.  To do this, they must join forces with theircompatriots in the United States - THE STATESMEN.And...this is where this movie bogs down.  While the Statesmen shouldhave been interesting and quirky (like the Kingsmen), they instead areboring stereotypes.  Channing Tatum is bland as main STATESMAN Tequila,while Halle Berry is wasted as the Statesman's counterpart to Merlin -Ginger Ale - and don't even get me started on how Jeff Bridges seems tobe sleepwalking through his part as the head of the Statesman.  It isonly when a long presumed dead character from the first film shows updoes this film pick up steam and start to approach the energy,enthusiasm and audacity of the first film.It's not a spoiler to say that this character is Collin Firth's agentGalahad (they do a nice job of bringing him back from the dead) andwhen the story focuses back on Egerton, Firth and Strong joining backup to fight the villain (a deliciously evil Julianne Moore), the funreturns and stylistic violence gets turned up a notch and becomes quitestylistic and quite...ahem...violent.So why is this?  I think it is because the filmmakers are British, sothey have a good handle on how to subtly poke fun at the James BondSuperSpy character-types and their only exposure to an American Hero isJohn Wayne or Clint Eastwood so they poorly try to spoof Americanstereotypes and they fail badly.Only Pedro Pascal (TV's GAME OF THRONES and NARCOS) fairs well as oneof the U.S. Agents (and he's Chilean!) showing more than one dimensionwhilst the others do not.Thankfully, the 2nd half of the film focuses on the 3 BritishAgents/stars and that is where the film really takes off.  Mark Strong,in particular, really comes into his own as Merlin and becomes theheart and soul of this film.  As a matter of fact, I'd be fine withthem killing of Egerton's character and just give us a movie with Firthand Strong, but, alas, that's not going to happen.One last note.  There is a very British, very popular, very agingmember of ROCK MUSIC ROYALTY that makes an extended cameo in this film(maybe even a supporting part) and this person understood the type offilm they were in and went along with the fun with a wink in their eyeand a skip in their step.  It was fabulous, darling, a highlight of thefilm.As were all things British, too bad the Americans were around to bringthe fun down.Letter Grade:  B+7 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank(OfMarquis)