*Copied from my twitter feed.Hoooooooly sh!t I need to get all of this out of my system, so bracefor thread tweet. SPOILERS!!1. "Hey yknow what might be a great idea? Copying the same set piecefrom the first movie and not change sh!t! Brilliant!"2. "Also, we should bring back an old friend who died in the last film""Wouldn't that ruin the impact of his death?" "Yep" "Do it!"3. "Let's also kill someone vital, but with an obnoxious song cue andset up in the most contrived way possible!" "Yaaas!"4. "Oh, and let's also have the first two acts bullsh!ting and startthe plot within the last 40 minutes! That worked w/ ROGUE ONE, right?"5. I get that dark comedy is still at play here, but that GPS scenewith the girl was just the worst.6. They should've hired the guys from DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS to do theCGI work better here bc this looks like dogsh%t.7. Elton John shows up here as a cameo six billion times as a joke.Wasn't funny the first time, slowly gets less funny.8. "Hey, y'all thought we're gonna use Statesman? Huh? Tough luck, wehave all of them useless for the whole movie"9. Also, can we stop with the f@?king President Trump allegories in mymovies?!?! That whole FOX news business made me cringe. Anyone who doesthis again either needs a strict rewrite or a stake to the heart.10. I also like how they bring questions about the computer guys notgetting enough of the fighting, and how they literally blew that up,making it all for nothing. Real f%?king classy.11. HOW DARE YOU DO THAT TO ROXY AND JB!?!?!12. If I have to hear Country Roads Take Me Home again, I'm gonnascream in the theatre!13. It's literally just heated leftovers. Nothing expanded, explored,or even made coherent or developed, just copied setpieces and lack ofany real bite. All they did for "novelty" is satirizing the drug tradefor another "war on drugs" allegory that feels ripped wholesale from2005. Juliane Moore is great and so is that surprise return, (and Ialso like that the evil lair is like the 50s diner in the jungle asmetaphor for colonialism) but everything else sucks.