This movie feels familiar, and on two counts it is.The Golden Circle is the sequel to the unexpected success storyKingsman: The Secret Service, which was a humorous satire of spy movietropes with serious undertones mixed in. It knew when to be serious andwhen to be so serious it was funny. That, combined with some excellentcinematography, made The Secret Service a thoroughly enjoyable film.The Golden Circle has all of these things as well, but while still funit just comes off feeling like a lesser imitation of the original.Which is where the second count of familiarity comes in: 2017 hadanother one of these sequels repeat the same formula with lesserresults, namely Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. Curiously, bothoriginal films (Kingsman: The Secret Service and Guardians of theGalaxy) premiered in 2014 with both sequels coming out this year.Now, that's not to say that Guardians Vol. 2 wasn't fun, and The GoldenCircle has plenty of fun as well.The film finds the Kingsman on the receiving end of a ruthless JulianneMoore as Poppy, a leader of a drug cartel who wants all drugs to belegalized. Her leverage: her drugs will kill all of its users, of whichthere are hundreds of millions worldwide. With the Kingsmen's UKresources destroyed, it's up to Taron Egerton's Eggsy and Mark Strong'sMerlin to team up with the Statesmen, the US intelligence servicefeaturing Jeff Bridges's Champ, Channing Tatum's Tequila, and HalleBerry's Ginger Ale.There are fast-paced, well-shot action scenes throughout, as with theoriginal Kingsman, the standout being the taxi chase at the beginning.The dialogue is fun, but it hits a few sour notes along the way,especially in its parodying of a certain political figure which comesoff as ham-fisted and forced.The pacing of this film is a problem. At 2 hours 21 minutes, itdefinitely feels too long, especially when there are one too many bigset pieces that feel like they should be the stage for the finale butend up being not.Finally, there's a right way and a wrong way to do callbacks to theprevious film in a sequel. It's OK to be overt, as long as it'sbalanced with other, more subtle references as well. Unfortunately, TheGolden Circle tends to pound you over the head with callbacks,including literally splicing in footage from the first film inreference to characters who are supposed to be important, but for thelife of me you can't possibly remember where they popped up in thefirst film unless you watch it right before seeing this one.Overall, I would say that there is nothing truly objectionable aboutthis film (although throwing in lots of F-Bombs doesn't automaticallyequal comedy), but this film may just serve as a reminder of a muchmore solid film that came before it rather than standing on its ownmerits.