***Contains spoilers***I rarely review movies, but this one was just so bad. I wasn'texpecting much from the sequel to a pretty decent first movie, buteverything was just terrible. It was a good premise and had so manygood actors but the writing was downright sad.Just some of the poorly contrived ideas:The plot: Nobody is going to want to do drugs ever again, the wholeidea was to force the governments to make drugs legal, OK that is fine,but to attempt to kill (and successfully kill many thousands at least)every single drug user unless governments comply would turn off so manyof the users, effectively killing their business they are trying togrow, and since they had a monopoly on it it would also have to dealwith antitrust laws etc. anyway. The little trust they would have wouldbe obliteratedThe cages: To treat the diseased, everyone is placed in human cagesinside of stadiums. First off, those cages didn't just happen one day,somebody had to be like, "You what we might need in the future? Tens ofmillions of human cages." These cages are stacked on top of each otherto the height of huge stadiums (note that everyone is dancing inside ofthese small cages, no way it would topple) even though nobody is evendangerous.The electric whip: No only are all of the Statesmen extremely'American' and have stupid names, the whip extends ~20 feet and has apower source powerful enough to cut a body in two (yeah, it happens),but it all fits within a small handle that is the same thickness as thefirst ~10 feet of the whip.The floodable padded observation room: I can just imagine the designersnow, "Gary, we need this observation room to be floodable in a momentsnotice"The goo bomb: Is nobody going to explain what that was? Just some hugebomb that solidifies mid explosion? OKThe amazingly spinny ski lift: Because it needs to have the option tospin at 120 rpm in the off chance somebody is escaping down themountain at 10 miles per hour. The fact that it rotates even though itis already completely glass doesn't make any sense eitherThe number of drones: Nobody missed an order (or thousands of orders)of hundreds and hundreds of drones to treat everybody in the worldwith? I'm no expert, but I don't think anybody lives close enough toMount Blanc to be reached by drones anywayElton John: He had one good part getting in front of the dog, buteverything else just seemed like they were using him for cheap laughsthat didn't pan out like they were hopingThe finger condom: You are telling me they have so many advancedgadgets but they have to use a finger condom to get a tracker onsomeone. Not to mention their watch supposedly already should havehacked the concert skanks phone when they got close which would havegiven them the GPS and audio they were wanting in the first place.Viva las vegans: The whole code that saved humanity was something thatthe movie wasn't even about. The head bandage that can freeze a brain so we can regrow the brain andall of the neural connections. Because that is remotely believableDrug lord lady: Not only does she have a 50's style mini-town on amountain with very obvious (yet undiscovered) ruins right by itcomplete with a theater that can fit over a thousand people that nobodyhas seen, she has all of these outlandish technological advances likethe killer robot dogs, but has a simple minefield keeping invaders out.Also the dogs should have been hacked just like the second arm (and thefirst that conveniently wasn't hacked in the time they were underwater)Robot dogs: Just why The mine: OK there was only a split second to reapply pressure on thelandmine that killed one of the only cool characters, but why not put avery large rock on it. They don't take a lot of pressure and all Icould think about was what if another one of them stepped on a landmine, then only one person would be standing awkwardly in the forestwithout a tripped land mine (especially since they stopped using theland mine detecting bat)Everything that the Statesmen had in their arsenal: The bat that was aland mine detector, yeah that was a good idea Gerry. The baseballgrenade with a HUGE red button as the trigger (what could go wrong),and everything else under the pool table.Suitcase gun: It was OK in the first one, but why did they need it whenthey were landing in the jungle, it just seems unnecessary.The lady that led to the impeachment of the president was mostly justmad she almost died because she was a druggie. And her reason for usingwas she worked 20 hour days 7 days a week, not only is that just dumbto even say, you are the adviser to the president, he can get anotherhelper if you are too busy, so that was all her fault. They weren't really gentlemen throughout the movie, so when Eggsy pullsout the chair for Halle Berry it seemed awkward and forced.There are probably some errors and my views are likely different thanyours, it is just my opinion of this terrible, terrible movie. I wouldsuggest you reserve the viewing of this film for a late night when youare all out of Sharknado movies