You would probably need to be living under a rock not to know that"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is the follow-up film to Matthew Vaughnand Jane Goldman's highly successful 2015 offering "Kingsman: TheSecret Service": a raucous, violent and rude entry into the spy-capergenre. And the sequel is more of the same: why mess with a crowd-pleasing formula?The fledgling agent Eggsy (Taron Egerton ("Eddie the Eagle"), curiouslycalled "Eggy" at various points in the film for reasons I didn'tunderstand) is now the new "Galahad" following the demise in the firstfilm of the original, played by Colin Firth ("Magic in the Moonlight","Bridget Jones' Baby"). But just as he's getting into his stride thewhole Kingsman organisation, now headed by Michael Gambon ("HarryPotter") as Arthur , is ripped apart by an evil drugs cartel called"The Golden Circle" headed by smiling but deadly Poppy (Juliane Moore,"Still Alice").Eggsy and Lancelot (Mark Strong, "Miss Sloane") in desperation turn toStatesman ? the US equivalent organisation ? and together with somesurprising allies set out to defeat the evil plot to poison all casualdrug users.Subtle this film certainly is not, featuring brash and absurdlyunrealistic action scenes that are 90% CGI but ? for me at least ?enormous fun to watch. As with the first film (and I'm thinking of thegrotesquely violent church scene here) the action moves however from'edgy' to over-the-top/offensive at times. The 'burger scene' and(particularly) the 'Glastonbury incident' are the standout moments forall the wrong reasons. You can only hope a stunt vagina was used forthis scene, else Poppy Delavigne (older sister of Cara) is going tofind it very hard to find credible future work. One can only guess whattasteful interlude is being planned for Kingsman 3 ? ? a prostate-based tracker perhaps?The film works best when the core team of Taron Egerton, Mark Strongand Colin Firth (yes, Colin Firth!) are together. Jeff Bridges ("Hellor High Water"), Channing Tatum ("Foxcatcher") and Halle Berry("Monster's Ball") all turn up as key members of 'Statesman' ? addingstar power but not a lot else ? together with Pedro Pascal ("The GreatWall") as 'Whiskey', who I expected to be someone equally famous behindthe moustache but wasn't!There's also a very entertaining cameo from a star (no spoilers fromme) whose foul-mouthed tirades I found very funny, and who also has thefunniest line in the film (playing off one of the most controversialelements of the first film). It's fair to say though that others I'vespoken to didn't think this appearance fitted the film at all. Julianne Moore makes for an entertaining ? if less than credible ?villain, as does Bruce Greenwood ("Star Trek: Into Darkness") as abarely disguised Trump. None of the motivations of the bad 'uns howeversupport any scrutiny whatsoever: this is very much a "park your brainat the door" film.I really shouldn't enjoy this crass, brash, brainless movie fast-food?and I know many have hated it! But my guilty secret is that I reallydid like it ? one of the best nights of unadulterated escapist fun I'vehad since "Baby Driver". Classy it's certainly NOT, but I enjoyed thisjust as much as the original.(For the full and graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks.)