"Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is the sequel to the 2015's surprisinglygood hit action film "Kingsman: The Secret Service" and brings the castback to take down former drug cartel leader Poppy who has attacked theKingsman headquarters and they need to investigate her scheme toprevent a virus from spreading across the world. I really loved the first film. It was unique, original, and just damnfun. Matthew Vaughn really has that knack. I went in with greatexpectations for the sequel and walked out really liking it, though Ididn't love it.From a technical standpoint this film looks amazing. Matthew Vaughn cancraft great action sequences and film them with a hand-held camerawhere everything remains in plain sight. His special effects and visualeffects teams are spot on in handling such scenes, and the set designis also really cool, especially the headquarters for the Statesman. The acting is also really good. Colin Firth, Taron Edgerton, MarkStrong, Jeff Bridges, Channing Tatum, and even Halle Berry who I don'teven like as an actress turn in really good performances. You can tellthey are all having fun with their roles which they should because it'sa ridiculous action movie, and I think that really let some of theweaker links like Berry to shine. Julianne Moore is also an actress Idon't like, and I did think she was overselling her performance a bit. My problem with the movie has nothing to do with the technical aspectslike direction, camera work, acting, editing, or visual effects. Whatit really boils down to is the writing and how some story elements arehandled.For instance, it feels like this film is trying way to hard to harkenback to what made the original so great without coming up with anyfresh ideas of its own. This movie takes everything everyone lovedabout the first one, puts it in this movie, and makes it bigger bytrying to be better. Yeah, it is bigger...but bigger does mean better.An example of this is towards the end of the film when there is anaction scene that is trying to replicate the church scene from thefirst one, except the scale of the action scene in this one is bigger.There were a lot of scenes like that in here and I don't think Vaughnreally thought of how to make things better while still being bigger.The villain was also kind of a drag. It was just Samuel L Jackson fromthe first one, but instead of him it's Julianne Moore. Her overall planjust comes across as ranging from silly and ridiculous to pretentiousand overstuffed. That's where the film really falters and at times itdoes have some pacing issues especially towards the second act. There'ssome stuff with Elton John that both works and doesn't work, and thatswitches up the pacing at times.Like I said, there is nothing wrong technically with this movie. I justthink it needed some rewrites particularly with its villain and itsstory.Overall I am going to give "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" a B. For a more in depth analysis of the film you can check out my review ofthe film on YouTube here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tooIzhvdbmM