"Kingsman: The Secret Service" was a story designed to bring back thedays of not so serious spy movies...think James Bond movies beforeDaniel Craig. Sure, they could be serious and dramatic but there wasstill this sense of fun that was inescapable: villains with insaneplans who control henchmen with superpowers. The hero gets the bad guys(and girls) in style then ultimately saves the day. In many ways, itwas a success. "Kingsman: The Secret Service" was reminiscent of suchBond films like "Goldfinger". Both are very good movies with realemotion and stakes, and plenty of cringe- worthy moments.Therefore, if The Secret Service can roughly be equated with thestrongest Sean Connery James Bond movie, then The Golden Circleparallels a stronger Roger Moore Bond film. Sure, it's plenty of funand not nearly as cringe-worthy, but it also feels more hollow.Consequently, events have less emotional impact on the heroes and,additionally, occur not to progress the story but to establish a coolscene."Kingsman: The Golden Circle" picks up from the previous film as we arereintroduced to Eggsy (the brash youth who became a Kingsman as playedby Taron Egerton). He is quickly attacked and we are brought into oneof the film's faux one shot fight scenes. It's filled with computeranimation leaving me unsure if I should be impressed at all by thetechnicals of the shots or just looking at cleverly integrated CGI andreal life. Either way it's impressive, though the speed comesdangerously close to headache inducing.His attacker works for Poppy (Julianne Moore) who is the biggest drugdealer on the planet. Her sinister plan? To legalize all drugs in theUnited States. I guess the idea is to replicate the villain from thefirst movie, but it doesn't quite work. Valentine's plan was to fixglobal warming by killing almost everyone. He's trying to fix a problemby creating a much bigger problem. Here, Poppy poisoned her drugs andwill only cure the afflicted if drugs are legalized. Valentine'sendgame is unacceptable. Poppy is doing plenty of bad things, but herendgame potentially acceptable or, at least ambiguous.This is just another example of how this movie copies from the originalbut loses quite a bit in translation. Matthew Vaughn has directed manyother comic book adaptations, but seemed to always end up out on thesequel. He consistently does a great job so it is an inexplicable shameto lose him for the follow through. So, now he has a sequel to one ofhis own films under his belt and he manages to do well, while hesimultaneously disappoints. "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is easilyVaughn's worst movie. Fortunately for him, even his worst movie isstill plenty fun.