We each have nicknames given to us by loved ones. My dad always calledmy sister "boop" (for reasons unknown), and he called me "TFF" for"Trevor-fo-fevor;" one friend of mine went by his middle name "Xavier,"and another calls his daughter "goose." Nicknames always become sopersonal because they say practically everything about the bond betweenthe name's owner and the name's caller.So what could be told about a girl who gave herself the nickname LadyBird? One, she has high self-dependency. Two, she seeks imageconfidence. Three, she feels too distanced from mom and dad to accepttheir nicknames. Indeed, you learn even more about Lady Bird as hergraduation impends- class of 2003.Lady Bird just wants to fly away from dull old Sacramento for collegeon the East Coast; her disrespect upon the confused adults seemsunderstandable enough, since 9/11 still dawdles fresh in the nation'smemory. However, Lady Bird only knows Sacramento's restrictive side.Director/writer Greta Gerwig, along with the small production crew,pays off their united vision in a humble, down to earth fashion similarto an early 2000's comedy. Gerwig's often slow/often fast approachdocuments Lady Bird's problems under the awkward pressure of growing upinto the unknown: awareness about weight gain, knowing who her realfriends are, uncertainty about sexuality, plus more you survived inyour youth.Lady Bird's oppressive school adds but an extra layer of confusion. Thefamiliar details of a religious institution restrict every teen's needfor self-discovery: dancers keep ten inches apart for the Holy Spirit,skirts below knee level, etc. Lady Bird expresses her attitude aboutthe rules by the way she casually eats the communion wafers as if theywere goldfish crackers.Yet the girl's shaky maternal bond most allows the coming of agestory's real heart to bloom. Right away the two argue in the car aboutcollege, a disagreement she ends by opening the door to the pavement.Now a pink cast on her forearm, a profanity written on toward the oneshe accuses as responsible, explains their whole relationship. Contraryto Lady Bird's assumptions, mother truly loves her, as expressedthrough a clear balance between disciplined silence and a compassionateear to keep Lady Bird's head on straight. You may even notice a subtlerole reversal, proving Lady Bird's invisible likenesses to her family.So I wholeheartedly recommend Lady Bird for any mother-daughter nightout.While the script's more personal than usual, it still comes off one-sided, mainly against Lady Bird's overly oppressive Catholic schoolexperience. Both inside and outside the school, Lady Bird's rebelliousactions, such as shoplifting, play either for cheap laughs or to cast astark shadow over religion. Her two older adoptive siblings alsocontribute little plot importance besides forgettable reactions abouther attitude. These two piercing studded emos of ethnic color shouldhave been more down-to-earth voices of reason, ones different from theparents or teachers, but this opportunity is missed.Gerwig's approach predominantly passed the opportunity of true love forSacramento as a location. Remember that song about West Virginia? Alove letter about the state's old life: older than the trees andyounger than the mountains? No comparable love for the city ofSacramento resolves Lady Bird's matters in a satisfying fashion by theend.An added complaint goes to the crew's decision to cast 23-year-oldSaoirse Ronan to play a teenager, even though she looks too old to playsomeone underaged. A couple of the other actors halt the enjoyment,particularly Lucas Hedges' (Manchester by the Sea), clumsy performanceas Lady Bird's little turtle-dove.Although many other strong performances keep the production's awardsthirst hydrated, especially Oscar-bound Laurie Metcalf, who vigorouslyplays Mrs. Lady Bird. Stephen Henderson, the underrated thespian fromFences, satisfies as well as the school's cheerful old drama coach.So, if I had a nickname for Lady Bird, it would still embrace theinitials LB, for "Loving Believability," as you believe the low pointsand love the high points. Everyone itches at some desire to leave home,so we each could use a comforting soul like Lady Bird by our side.