Coming-of-age films from green, independent filmmakers have a tendencyto hit their mark at a surprisingly higher rather than other stories,but something about Greta Gerwig's "Lady Bird" feels more like abull's-eye. Her semi-autobiographical snapshot of a high school seniorexploring her identity has an assured wit and a firm grasp on theemotional truth of that life stage.Even though she's playing someone close to her age, Saoirse Ronancontinues to display a dazzling versatility as Lady Bird/Christine, ayoung woman at a Catholic private school who dreams of escaping hernative Sacramento to attend a college or university on the East Coast.Consequently, she rejects the pragmatism of her middle-class,blue-collar parents (Tony winners Laurie Metcalf and Tracy Letts),namely her well-intentioned but admittedly cold mother. Determined notto let anyone put her in a box, Lady Bird subconsciously turns hersenior year into an experiment in self-discovery, hoping to fashion anidentity that suits her and the vision she has for her life.Gerwig's script is not guided by plot so much as story lines thatemerge and drift away, some of which are fleeting and some of which runthroughout the course of the film. In addition to college acceptance,there's her foray into drama club, a couple romantic interests and herongoing challenges with her mother. The film comes together with brilliant editing, especially the momentsof comedy. With the help of editor Nick Houy, Gerwig demonstratesuncanny comedic timing in the way she constructs scenes. "Lady Bird"earns and accumulates laughs early and effortlessly, and so much of theforce behind the humor comes from quick, well-timed edits. Also, hercast is clearly having a blast making this movie and she makes sure thecamera is there to capture the funniest, most authentic moments.The editing also plays into the dramatic elements as well. Gerwig hasincredible belief in the viewer to connect the dots and intuit theemotional consequences of the bigger moments in the story. The film'sfirst big moment of melodrama, in which Lady Bird makes a startlingdiscovery in the bathroom, jumps immediately to some several minutes orhours later, when she and her best friend Julie (Beanie Feldstein) havean emotional moment to Dave Matthews Band's "Crash Into Me." Most filmswould've resorted to melodrama and really stewed in these moments;Gerwig keeps her film moving.it's amazing what she fits into 94 minutes. The mileage she gets out ofeach scene and the moments she includes in this story is a lot of whatsets "Lady Bird" apart. She's able to trim all the fat because the meatof the story is so substantial. Every interaction, every characterbrings something to the table and exhibits this universal truth thatthere's a side to everyone that isn't visible in how they appear andbehave, a lesson Lady Bird badly needs to learn. The most tender and sensitive example is in the mother-daughterrelationship that in many ways is the central dynamic of the film. LadyBird and Marion represent the clash of idealism and pragmatism that areso often at the core of teen-parent discord and the scenes they havetogether perfectly encapsulate that tension, but also the love andbond. Metcalf's performance captures all the love and devotion and thestubbornness and frustration that makes her both the "villain" of thefilm and the one you sympathize with. Marion and Lady Bird are soauthentically realized in the writing and in the performances that it'salmost like being able to step back and objectively look at your ownparent-child relationship.Although most audiences won't quite relate to the film's "love letterto Sacramento" aspects, dreaming beyond or feeling attached to whereyou grew up is still a universal sentiment, one that Gerwig handleswith care because in so many ways that push-and-pull embodies a lot ofthe wrestling that "Lady Bird" does on the more micro level with itscharacters. So many films touch on this aspect of growing up, but "Lady Bird" makesand arrives at these critical points with the kind of authenticity andthoughtful, intentioned writing that the film feels as though it's acollection of someone's actual lived experiences and relationships.Gerwig's voice and Ronan's performance meld into one truthful storythat hits all the funniest and most sincere notes without lapsing toclichés and conventions, a truly special feat of filmmaking from afirst-time director.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more