Greta Gerwig has been an "it" girl on the indie scene for severalyears. It may be a bit ironic that her most acclaimed movie would comewhen she stepped behind the camera with LADY BIRD (she previouslyco-directed NIGHTS & WEEKENDS, and co-starred as well). Here, SaoriseRonan is the stand-in Gerwig as a character named Christine, who likethe real Gerwig, is a rebellious teen in Sacramento California whodreams of New York City.Christine has re-dubbed herself "Lady Bird" and is going to a CatholicHigh School and is going through all the usual growing pains. Grewighas made a name for herself with her quirky characters and there's morethan a bit of that to wade through here. It takes some time to get pastthe notion that Ronan is giving her own performance here and not justdoing a Greta act (similar to many a Woody Allen lead performance by'substitute' Woodys). As fiercely individualistic as Gerwig is as anactress, Ronan gives Lady Bird a bit of a softer and more vulnerableside that is more effective than if Gerwig had performed it herself.Kudos to her for embracing it.Most importantly, Gerwig does an excellent job at keeping the movierolling along at a brisk 93 minutes, with some scenes being literallyseconds long - nothing self-indulgent here (although there is a sceneor two that could have been allowed to breathe a bit). The cast,including several young actors is uniformly fine. Laurie Metcalf as hertough mother could have used a little leavening. As written andperformed, she comes off a bigger harridan than is what was likelyintended. Some of the offbeat mumblecore touches stick out asunnecessary, but, what separates LADY BIRD from so many of them(including, frankly, a number of Gerwig's movies), is that there isgenuine heart and compassion here, not just ironic detachment. Furthergrounding things is a keen appreciation of middle class life with thescenes of shopping at thrift stores, window browsing for homes theycan't afford etc. - or, as Lady Bird sardonically refers to it: "Comingfrom the wrong side of the tracks." Credit, too, for not ending in theconventionally expected way. Just a warm sigh.