A trite, masturbatory piece tailored towards middle aged cat ladies andthose on the path to becoming one. The drama, despite being filled withtalent, lacked any semblance of depth, and could easily be likened to acomedy when you begin to view it in its proper context. It isessentially an incredibly mediocre male coming-of-age tale, but withthe genders reversed. "Lady Bird" is the projection of what third wave feminists (for somereason) wish women were. She is the emotional pillar for those aroundher; she is stoic, bold, confrontational, daring, and always the firstone to initiate romantic advancements. In other words, she is acaricature of masculine virtues and behavior, but as a *17 year oldgirl*. In the few places where she is found to be emotionally lacking,her parental counterpart (whose character is infinitely more believableby virtue of her background and hormonal makeup) steps in to fill theshoes (and/or pants). In accordance with this narrative, the men inlead roles have seemingly been injected with soy from birth.Soft-featured incompetent doughboys who lack the agency to engage life,functioning instead as submissive basket-cases, vectors through whichLady Bird asserts her outright dominance and emotional stoicism. That's the catch. That's the novelty driving this movies popularity(besides decent acting), a young girl who acts like a man. How risqué,how compelling. The screenwriters and director should really givethemselves a pat on the back for this one. Anyway, there's certainly more to be said of the social agenda etchedinto every corner of this films script, but I've not the time nor thepatience to spend another minute of my life on this trash. It iscompletely incongruent with reality, and therefore unrelatable toanyone who isn't living vicariously through the protagonist.The only redeeming factor of the film was the degree to which thisabsurd gender reversal dynamic managed to add a veneer of comedy tovirtually everything that took place (especially the "serious" scenes).