"I wish I could live through something." Lady Bird (Saoirse Ronan)Nothing in the constantly funny and stunning coming-of-age film LadyBird will surprise any audience. It's all been played before: conflictwith mom, loving dad, high-school romances, gawky and hip girl friends,amateurish school play, agony about college admission, and nuns whorestrain and nuns who nurture.She has indeed lived through "something" up to her waning adolescence,but as in the case of her hometown, Sacramento, she has to look back atit to see that she has lived there fully and uniquely. Right now,before graduation, the city is to her "the Midwest of California." Thereal difference from other growing-up stories is first-time solowriter/director Greta Gerwig and Saoirse Ronan (who plays Christine"Lady Bird "McPherson). Together they craft a lovable, flawed heroinewith such a sense of herself and her future that she is unafraid totaste life in its entirety, blessed or broken. Forget Julia Stiles in10 things I Hate About You. Bird is better.As in most films where a young girl is taught in a Catholic highschool, the nuns are the looming moral force for restraint and alsodream, embodied in the principal, Sister Sarah Joan (Lois Smith), arealist who knows Lady Bird is a creative and independent spirit. So,too, in a different way is Lady Bird's mother, Marion (Laurie Metcalf),whose tough love is constant, but whose love is there if only Lady Birdwould see it. Mom's agony at the airport when Bird goes to college isas anguished a mom/daughter parting as you will ever see in a comedy.Moments of humor are plentiful and low key, e.g., when Sister Sarah'sreality check with Lady Bird, "Math is not your strength," is met withBird's "that we know of, yet." While Mom's realism is minute by minute,Sister Joan gives hers out slowly with equal portions of quiet love.While actress Ronan has already tasted life from an adolescent heroine,Hannah, to a young adult in Brooklyn, Lady Bird could be seen as aretro acting gig. Bird is so strongly mature yet naïve that this roledefines Ronan's wide-ranging ability. So, too, great Greta, adirectorial/writing genius who should outstrip Woody Allen by the timehe fully matures.