Saw an early screening tonight in Denver.I don't know where to begin. So I will start at the weakest link. Theacting. Still great, but any passable actor could have been given anyof the major roles and done a great job. I know almost no more aboutthe battle of Dunkirk after seeing the film than I did before, and I amnot exactly a WWII historian. Truth be told, I learned all I know aboutthe battle of Dunkirk from the movie poster. Does that weaken the film?Hell no, this is a film about survival. The opening scene tells it alland sets the stage as we get our first glimpse into a young soldier'sneed to stay alive, and his creative attempts to do so. That actor mayeven be considered the main character of the film. More words have beenwritten so far in this review than he speaks. And I have no clue whothe actor in that role is. It is humorous that Tom Hardy looks likeBane through most the film in the role of a pilot wearing an oxygenmask throughout. Kenneth Branagh is the only officer with any lines inthe film, so that should give you an idea of the POV that weexperience. We are the enlisted man trying to find a way to stay alivein a chaotic and harrowing battle. Though I believe Dunkirk will winevery single technical Oscar, I would be surprised if it has any actingnominations at all.How does Nolan elevate this above other films of a similar nature? Ithink he says it best himself, when he describes Dunkirk as a thrillermore than a war film. He pulls that off superbly.When a ship starts to take in water as numerous bullets penetrate itshull, I wanted to jump out of my seat and cover up the holes myself.The film has three separate stories that are titled Mole, Sea and Air.And we all know where Moles live. The way the narratives of the threestories unfold and how they are all tied together is what makes thefilm a masterpiece. Much has been said about Nolan using IMAX filmcameras and how the film is enriched by this. I don't know. I doubt Isaw actual film being projected at my screening. Every frame lookedterrific though. So what is the most superlative aspect of the film? Gotta be thesoundtrack. Hans Zimmer will win the Oscar for this without a doubt. So, so brilliant. This is not a soundtrack that I would buy at the storeand play on my stereo. This is a soundtrack that weaves throughout thethree narratives seamlessly and creates this phenomenal sense oftension. There are times when a two or three minute tense orchestralpassage plays continuously as the story shifts from the ground to thesea then to the air and the music draws the three stories together.Zimmer's soundtrack reminds me of the way that Bernard Hermann's workwas so vitally important in building suspense in most Hitchcock films.Though that description almost sells Zimmer short. His soundtrack isthat good.I don't think this is a film that will retain even half of its strengthin your home theater. No folks, this is a film that you cough up for anoverpriced IMAX ticket and rationalize it by knowing that experiencingDunkirk in any other fashion will just not cut it.