We saw Dunkirk on opening night, I was excited, I'm a huge WW2 buff.The incredible human drama at Dunkirk has mostly been overlooked byHollywood. So July 20 has been on my calendar for a while. Boy did Ifall for the hype!I must say something positive first... great war footage! I loved thespitfires! Knowing that Nolan shot this move with only a few posteffects is impressive. The scenes inside the ships were fantastic.Now, onto the sad truth as I see it. I wish the producers would havespent some of the $150 million on a script. I didn't know you couldshoot a historical period movie with a steep budget and not have one.It's as if this was just a big historical re-enactment of the Dunkirkrescue and the film crew said, hey, we should grab a couple of decentactors and throw some cheesy lines at them, we'll make a movie! Therewas an old-timer from the business that once told me, "if you've got agreat story you can shoot your movie thru banjo strings on black &white film".I got the impression that Nolan was hell-bent on shooting realistic warfootage and he fell in love with those shots and scenes, forgettingthat the audience would appreciate a plot. There are so manyinteresting plot twists from the actual event. We never really sawanything from London, France or Germany where most of the strategy wasplanned. Nolan focused on the beachhead and the channel. The realismwas quite good, but too long and confusing.The sound track had many problems too. The mix was hot, if you wantedto listen the sparse dialogue, good luck. For some reason the directorchose to loop this maddening drone sequence throughout the movie. Itwas so obvious it had to be intentional. I was hoping the version wesaw was just an advance copy with a rough mix, nope. One last thing,I'm not sure the average movie goer will appreciate the way Nolanrepeated scenes. Apparently the footage was so good from 4 differentangles we should show all of them, back to back. I get it, great film makers take chances. There have been manyexamples, especially in the indie- film world of masterpieces thattried risky new techniques, sadly, Dunkirk isn't one of them.To wrap this up... I'm glad I saw Dunkirk. I think most WW2 buffs willsee it no matter what anybody says.