Greetings again from the darkness. Once out of our teen years (thoughsome take a bit longer), the vast majority of us accept the obvioustruth to the adage "life is not fair". Despite this, we never outgrowour desire for justice when we feel wronged. Uber- talentedplaywright/screenwriter/director Martin McDonagh delivers a superbdrama blended with a type of dark comedy that allows us to deal withsome pretty heavy, and often unpleasant small town happenings.Oscar winner Frances McDormand plays Mildred, a grieving mother whosedaughter was abducted and violently murdered. With the case having gonecold, Mildred is beyond frustrated and now desperate to prevent herdaughter from being forgotten. To light the proverbial fire andmotivate the local police department to show some urgency in solvingher daughter's case, Mildred uses the titular billboards to make herpoint and target the Police Chief Willoughby (Woody Harrelson). The billboards cause quite the ruckus as the media brings extraattention, which in turn creates conflict between Mildred and thepolice department, the town citizens, and even her own son (LucasHedges). The film could have been titled 'The Wrath of Mildred' if notfor so many other facets to the story and characters with their ownlayers. Her anger is certainly understandable, though some of heractions are impossible to defend. Things can never again be square inthe life of a parent who has lost a child, yet vengeance is itself alost cause.Mr. McDonagh's exceptional script utilizes twisted comedy to deal withthe full spectrum of dark human emotions: managing the deepest grief,anger, guilt, and need for revenge. As in his Oscar winning script forthe contemporary classic IN BRUGES (2008), his dialogue plays as astrange type of poetry, delivering some of the most harsh and profanelines in melodic fashion. In addition to his nonpareil wordsmithing,Mr. McDonagh and casting director Sarah Finn have done a remarkable jobat matching many talented performers with the characters ? both largeroles and small. Following up her Emmy winning performance in "Olive Kitteridge", Ms.McDormand is yet again a force of nature on screen. She would likelyhave dominated the film if not for the effectively understatedportrayal by Mr. Harrelson, and especially the best supportingperformance of the year courtesy of Sam Rockwell. His Officer Dixon isa racist with out-of-control anger issues who still lives with his mom(a brilliant Sandy Martin, who was also the grandma in NAPOLEANDYNAMITE). Caleb Landry Jones once again shows his uncanny ability toturn a minor role into a character we can't take our eyes off (you'llremember his screen debut as one of the bike riding boys near the endof NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN). Here he plays Red, the owner of thebillboards with an inner desire to carry some clout. Rounding out theabsurdly deep cast are Zeljko Ivanek, Kerry Condon, Lucas Hedges(MANCHESTER BY THE SEA), Peter Dinklage, John Hawkes, Abbie Cornish,and Clarke Peters (the epitome of a new Sheriff in town). Every actorhas at least one moment (and monologue) to shine, and one of the bestscenes (of the year) involves Nick Searcy as a Priest getting schooledon "culpability" by Mildred.Cinematographer Ben Davis has a nice blend of "big" movies (AVENGERS:AGE OF ULTRON) and small (TAMARA DREWE) in his career, and here hereally captures the feel of the small town and interactions of thecharacters. Also adding to the film's excellence is the folksy, westernscore (with a touch of dueling gunfighters) by Carter Burwell. Andkeeping the streak alive ? it's yet another worth-watching filmfeaturing a Townes Van Zandt song.Not many films dare tackle the list of topics and issues that aretouched on here: church arrogance, police violence, racism, cancer,domestic violence, questioning the existence of God, parental griefwith a desire for revenge, the weight of a guilty conscience, and theinfluence of parents in a rural setting. The film is superbly directedby Mr. McDonagh, who now has delivered two true classics in less than adecade. It's the uncomfortable laughs that make life in Ebbingtolerable, but it's the pain and emotions that stick with us long afterthe credits roll. Sometimes we need a reminder that fairness in theworld should not be expected, and likely does not exist. If that'strue, what do we do with our anger? McDonagh offers no easy answers,because there are none. But he does want us to carefully consider ourresponses.