Where to start tearing this catastrophic movie apart? Many viewers will probably like the storytelling showing the same eventfrom different angles and personal stories. This idea is copied fromKieslowski's Trois Couleurs-trilogy. There is an obvious search forfear of death by drowning or sinking with a ship in a closed lockedspace, but it just doesn't work. Other movies like Das Boot is amasterpiece of this, but Dunkirk isn't able to copy the feeling at all. Other points: 1. Why film a beach side street in a small French town,but do not even bother to edit out the modern buildings? 2. Show a bunch of private yachts in a harbour. Many of the boats arefrom the wrong era. 3. Almost 100 000 soldiers died in Dunkirk. This is not depicted in anyway. It is an important part of the real story. 4. Wikipedia: "The loss of materiel on the beaches was huge. TheBritish Army left enough equipment behind to equip about eight to tendivisions. Discarded in France were, among huge supplies of ammunition,880 field guns, 310 guns of large caliber, some 500 anti- aircraftguns, about 850 anti-tank guns, 11,000 machine guns, nearly 700 tanks,20,000 motorcycles, and 45,000 motor cars and lorries. " However in themovie we see a few rows of boxes on an otherwise clean beach.5. Both sides lost over a hundred aircraft in Dunkirk. A loss of over ahundred planes means thousands of missions were flown during thosedays. Yet we see 5-6 in the movie and at most 3 in the sky at a giventime. 6. Men hide in a fishing boat and wait for the tide to return and floatthe boat again. Germans are "target practicing" at the boat. Watercomes in through a few rifle caliber holes. Yet more holes appear underthe existing ones. So the Germans are target practicing and shootingway under the waterline of the boat? What rifle shoots a hole in ametal bulkhead through one meter depth? Then the men are able to plugthe holes with anything else than their fingers? While textile oralmost any material could be used to plug them and avoid sinking. Plotor real stupidity? 7. The sounds were surprisingly low quality. Rifle shots do not soundlike real rifle shots. The Rolls Royce on the Spitfire is off too.Hearing it live is a majestic experience, but in the movie it's noteven close. Honestly I'm not sure if the cinema had their sound systemtuned wrong or if it was the movie, but although I'm not much intomusic it bothered me throughout the movie. War is hell. This movie is like a slow funeral.