Get Out is the directorial debut of comedy writer Jordan Peele who hastaken a page out of the Quentin Tarantino wish fulfillment fantasyplaybook. Unlike Tarantino, Peele operates in the much more lucrativehorror genre, his film grossing $184 million worldwide against a mere$4.5 million budget.Peele's protagonist is black photographer, Chris Washington, who agreesto visit his white girlfriend Rose's family (the Armitages) in anupstate suburb. While driving up to the house, there is a bit offoreshadowing of even stranger things to come, when Chris and Roseunexpectedly hit a deer and then have an unpleasant encounter with astate trooper where Rose can't conceal her contempt for law enforcementin general.Before even meeting the parents, Chris is unnerved by the almostzombie-like behavior of the black groundskeeper and housekeeper, Walterand Georgina. Rose's parents, Dean, a neurosurgeon and Missy, apsychiatrist/hypnotist are depicted as white liberals, with Deanproudly telling Chris that he voted for Obama twice. Rose's brotherJeremy is unable to control an ingrained hostility and has little to doexcept attack Chris later on when it becomes clear the entire familysuffers from a malevolence usually associated with typical horror filmtropes.As for the plot, somehow Chris (due to losing his mother in a caraccident when he was a kid) is susceptible to Missy's hypnoticcommands, sending him to "the sunken place" where he appears to notonly lose consciousness but finds himself at the mercy of the creepyMissy. Soon a coterie of Armitage family friends show up at an annualget-together and it becomes clear that all these white folks are partof a conspiracy to subjugate black people through a series of actionsthat defy all logic.For example, when Chris takes a picture of Logan, a recently kidnappedblack man from NYC, the camera flash causes him to become hystericaland yell at Chris to "get out." Quite conveniently, the flash isn'tenough to break Logan completely out of his fugue state nor is Chrisable to simply walk away and call the police, as the mere tapping of aspoon on a tea cup, causes Chris to fall back under Missy's spell.Peele's universe proves even more ridiculous when Rose is exposed aspart of the family conspiracy to grab Chris and plant the brain of JimHudson, their older blind art dealer friend, into Chris' head. Somehow,this time, Chris breaks free of the hypnotic command and is able tocontact his TSA agent friend, Rod, in NYC, who all along suspected thatthere was something very sinister afoot with these "crazy" whitepeople.The wish fulfillment is on display when the stereotyped white liberalsget their comeuppance at the hands of the noble Chris. Peele does agreat disservice to true victims of racism by reducing the tormentorsto a group of straw men and women who are easily set aside. In reallife, of course, racism is a far more complicated affair and sometimesthe victims turn out to be as bad as their oppressors.Get Out marks a new low in race relations with Peele setting a poorexample for impressionable youth. Instead of trying to mend fences,Peele is content to present African-Americans as perennial victims atthe hands of stereotyped white tormentors. No race or ethnic group hasa monopoly on benevolence despite Peele's lame and misguided outlook tothe contrary.