This movie is so paper thin I really can't write much about it. So manymissed opportunities in a film about one of the most spectacular andcomplex battles of WWII. I can see what Nolan tried to do here, a kindof British "Thin Red Line" (there's even wind in the grass, lol, i kidyou not), but he failed spectacularly. There are no memorablecharacters to be found here, and one wonders even if there are anyactual characters at all. Not one, not one of them has any semblance ofa character arc. Not one. Again, I see how Nolan tried to convey theimpersonality of war and insignificance of the individual but he did itwith such a heavy, clumsy hand, providing us with no counterpoint withwhich to drive the point home. It's basic screen writing stuff really.I'd expect such ineptitude from a first year film student but not froma supposed "master of the craft".But anyways, this could have been forgivable if the film was more aboutthe event itself, but it fails at that too. After watching the film,you'd be given to believe that the Battle of Dunkirk was fought bythree Spitfires (100 were lost over the beeches alone), 1 Germanheinkel, a couple of stukas, 2 destroyers or a dozen or so boats... Ohyes and maybe a few hundred men standing quietly on a beach, doingnothing except desperately trying to look morose and dejected in afaintly passive-aggressive way. It's ridiculous. We are talking abouttotal and absolute chaos happening there, hundreds of thousands ofrifles alone discarded on the beach, not to mention guns, artillery,trucks... Burning and sinking ships of all sizes all across thehorizon, parts of beaches inaccessible from rotting corpses washing upwith tides. This was actually way bigger than D-Day landings in termsof men and equipment stuffed in a very small patch of land. Half amillion desperate men stuffed in a small town, bombarded incessantlyand under constant attack from bombers. Where did all those peopledefecate, what did they eat ffs? I wanted to know that, really. That atleast would have given some much needed humanity to theso-called-characters Nolan keeps yanking around like so much puppets.So many missed opportunities there...If Nolan wanted to do a tight little film about isolation anddesperation of being on the loosing side of the war, he had plenty ofother places and battles to choose from. Just ask around. Or if hesimply had to insist on Dunkirk, then we should have seen this totalchaos all around our protagonists, in the background at least - thatwould have served as a really powerful, so desperately neededcounterpoint to the individual suffering and heroism.And this brings me to the final point. The movie is one tone only. Amonotone repetition of sights and emotions we've seen and experiencedbefore. No one cracks a joke. No one really breaks down. No one has anembarrassing moment. There are no ups and downs, it's just some morosefaceless robots performing obvious actions leading towards a bleedinglyobvious goal. One single emotional and narrative tone from thebeginning to the end. The entire emotional and narrative content of themovie would have fit snugly into a 20 minute short, and that is prettymuch how long it takes before you start yawning. The best thing thatcan be said about the movie is that individual scenes are well directedand worth experiencing. But that is the real problem here - the film isconstructed as a series of impressive "experiences" rather thancohesive piece of drama (And this particular historical event is almostuniquely stuffed with dramatic opportunities. It's almost as ifgolden-age Hollywood writers wrote the script for the actual event.) Inother words, it's a Dunkirk theme park rather than a movie. You takerides. And that's it. And even those become repetitive after a while.