Few directors have such a reputation that the release of their new filmis an event and Christopher Nolan is one of those and Dunkirk iscertainly an event. Based on what had the making of a military disasterthe Allies are cornered on a beach in Dunkirk with the Germans drawingin and massive Allied casualties followed by the invasion of Britainalmost inevitable.Initially focusing on one soldier, Fionn Whitehead, who joins thethousands of British troops trapped on the beach waiting to beevacuated the film opens out into three distinct areas, The Mule,essentially a pier where the massed troops wait to board naval shipsoverseen by Kenneth Branagh's naval commander , The Sea, which focuseson a small leisure boat captained by Mark Rylance and his two sons whocross the channel in their bid to help with the evacuation and The Airwhere spitfire pilot Tom Hardy and two other pilots attempt to shootdown various German Luftwaffe planes intent on bombing the rescue shipsat sea as well as the troops on the shore line. Each story ties in withthe other and Nolan's script cleverly shows the same moment from thethree view points usually with a dilemma within each.It's a credit to the cast that despite the paucity of dialogue all areuniformly good. Fionn Whitehead is a unifying thread throughout thefilm as he lurches from one life threatening crisis to the next.Rylance & Brannagh are stoic & brave each aware of the desperatesituation they are in and poor old Tom Hardy, much like Bane in 'TheDark Knight Returns', spends the film with his face covered by a pilotsmask with only his eyes to convey the ever worsening situation he'sfacing. Even little pop moppet Harry Styles acquits himself well.Nolan handles all this brilliantly but what really takes this intoanother league is Hans Zimmer's music. Relentless, it compliments theaction ratcheting up the tension to a nerve shredding crescendo. Thisis so brilliantly done that certainly the film feels like one longfrighteningly real action scene albeit a true one. Nolan, together withZimmer and his Editor Lee Smith, have put together one of the bestSummer blockbusters this year made all the more extraordinary by havingalmost no dialogue but letting the pictures paint the scene. Shot inImax 70mm its certainly worth seeing it this way as its immersivenature takes you headlong into the action which will have your heartbeating as loud as anything in the film with its all too realexplosions and its terrifying fighter plane engines screaming as theyhone in on the exposed troops. If there's any justice at next yearsOscars then Nolan, Zimmer and Lee should, at the very least, benominated.This is an extraordinary film of a moment that was far from themilitary's finest hour and though the soldiers are the first to admitthat, 'All we did was survive', it's a tremendously patriotic filmabout the courage, not just of the soldiers, but of the civilians whoselflessly took their own boats across the channel to rescue thousandsand thousands of troops. This is a testament to the courage of the fewfor the many and is sure to feature in many top ten end of year listsand rightly so.