Films like "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" are aninteresting case study to me in that there is a lot of buzz around itas it has been making the rounds on the festival circuit for a bit now.However, given the subject matter of the script that was also directedby "Seven Psychopaths" writer/director Martin McDonagh, I will beinterested to see how it is accepted by a mass audience. Submitted foryour perusal:Mildred (Frances McDormand) lives in the small town of Ebbing,Missouri, where she is mourning the brutal death of her daughter. Ninemonths have passed with no leads, no arrests, and no real questionsanswered. Her grief in this time has gotten more and more intense, andshe decides to take matters in her own hands by bringing more awarenessto her community in a grand matter, getting the attention of localsheriff Willoughby (Woody Harrelson), his direct report Dixon (SamRockwell), and an entire community of people who take sides in a taleof the consequences of the choices we make as well as the consequencesof those consequences.Like I alluded to earlier, this is definitely not for everyone. Listedon IMDb as a "darkly comic drama," they ain't lyin'. There is subjectmatter in "Three Billboards" on multiple levels that could make thesensitive types a bit uneasy. The odd part here is that I cannot reallyget into all of them without leading you down the primrose path ofspoilers, so you just need to kind of roll with me on this one. And totruly convey not only the subject matter but even McDonagh's scriptitself, it takes a special kind of cast, and he went out and got theright people here. McDormand (who is always on her "A" game) continuesher streak of great performances here bringing what could easily beportrayed as a woman devoid of emotion and almost downright detestableand making her on some levels a sympathetic character. Mildred's angerfuels her, even in the wrong ways in some cases, but the maternal sideof her reminds her that she still needs to be a role model to hersurviving child in a son, Robbie (Lucas Hedges). Harrelson continues towow me here as the lawman that really wants to do the right thing, evenin facing adversity in both his professional and personal lives andworks well with McDormand and Rockwell by understanding what thedynamics have to be dealing with both characters. And if you know me,you know what a fan or Rockwell's I am, and he also does not disappointas the cop that knows that this is really his only course of careerafter growing up in the same small town he wants to protect if itwasn't for the fact that he just cannot seem to get out of his own way.Peter Dinklage also has a great turn here in less of a role, but hischaracter of James becomes very important as the third act progresses,and it all comes together in a well-crafted story that takes some turnsthat even caught me off- guard in a way that was a bit shocking withoutbeing "shock value" and adds more layers to the story in the way thatMcDonagh has shown with his past work in films like "In Bruges" and"Six Shooter".I truly enjoyed "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" more than Iexpected to, even after being told by multiple colleagues and friendshow much they enjoyed it. I would not be surprised if there is at leasta small buzz for members of this cast when hardware starts becoming afactor in our consciousness here in a couple of months, and with theend-of-year push hitting full throttle ahead of us for the next onehundred and forty-four days, this film may be able to find its nicheamongst them.