*** This review may contain spoilers ***So, it looked promising and so lets start with the PROS; The intro sequence all 6 minutes (including the first dive bombing)should have continued for the whole movie - EPIC!That's it for pro's, really the rest will just make you depressed. CONS;A poorly cobbled together film without a story and achingly under-utilized actors.The awfully executed chronology lacked any reference or worthyexplanation, exposing the glaring continuity issues and unbelievableplot mechanics. Sure tell a few different stories, but please at least maintaincontinuity WITHIN each story, it's as though the decision was made tohave all these points of view early on - yet when it came time to filmthey did it over 2 days. A few extras lined up on a beach and someborrowed planes. F*$*. we are approaching the 2020's dammit - use somebloody good CGI as you clearly can afford it. The movie fails to portray even a 1/1000th of the actual evacuation -there were +- 330 000 troops leaving and over 60 000 killed ( thanksWikipedia) yet ... Nolan fails to deliver any inkling of that sort ofmagnitude. The Brits left behind 63,879 vehicles including tanks andmotorcycles + 2,472 field guns .... holy s*$(. but do we see a singletank or gun ... maybe 5 trucks and tug boat --- woo ooh ... also the ending is Horses excrement, climaxing with some stupidspitfire pilot who is SO worried about fuel, yet manages to fly aroundand engage bombers for the WHOLE FILM right up to, and after its enginestops ... SURE ... then it unbelievably swoops around with no engine(they obviously just cut the sound to make it look like the engine hadstopped) and then swoops past TWICE along the beach and it is assumedby the plot that it engages and SHOOTS DOWN an approaching Stukka divebomber -NO! NO! I CALL BULLSH$T MR NOLAN! So major bullsh%t climax moment out of the way, onto the meat and bonesof this cut and pasted high school conceived garbage pile.Day, morning, evening, rough seas, very calm seas - NEVER bloody mind -just SHOOT the scene dammit! The "DAY" progresses achingly slowly andeven although we see two sunrises / sunsets / a storm and everything inbetween we are meant to believe it all happens during these storypoints, what LAZY film making .... I do not believe. I never much cared for this Mr Nolan chap - and now after wasting myfew dollar I feel confused for the future of film making and even moredisappointed than ever for the general intelligence of the world. Areaudiences/critics really that shallow / attention deficit that theycannot come up with an honest review so that others may find out beforewasting time and effort? pathetic for a $150 Million budget. If i could SAVE 50k p/a i'd have towork for 20 YEARS just to make 1/150th of the budget... and yet THIS isthe result. These people are living in a ridiculous reality paid for byyou and I>