Might as well get right to it, then. At the risk of sounding like acontrarian, I did not love this film. Do I love elements of this? Yes.Is this a 5-star masterpiece? Unfortunately, no. The cinematography here at least, is masterful. Director ChristopherNolan has, without a doubt, reached the pinnacle of on-screen spectaclehere. The feats of practical effects in this film are breathtaking. Thecasting of nearly 6,000 extras, authentic WWII vehicles, and shootingon location in Dunkirk, France contribute to a great sense of scalehere. There is ongoing trend of action films in recent years of relyingon CGI, and thankfully Nolan bucks that trend. Similar to War for the Planet of the Apes, much of the film plays outwithout much dialogue, leaning on just the score and sound design inmost scenes. It almost goes without saying that Hans Zimmer deliverswith another incredible score. The sound design is also extremely wellcrafted, which, paired with Nolan's great work behind the camera, trulytransports you to the Battle of Dunkirk. The wailing of planes passingabove, the drone of gunfire, and the roar of explosions all contributeto the complete immersion into the world these characters are trappedin. This results in some of the most immersive wartime action scenessince Saving Private Ryan.This film has and will continue to be compared to World War II classicSaving Private Ryan. Both films are beautifully filmed WWII periodpieces with casts that deliver great performances. The similarities endthere. Whereas Saving Private Ryan was engrossing as a narrative due toit's characters with depth and arcs, Dunkirk instead leans on it'ssubject matter and spectacle.And while the subject matter of Dunkirk is fascinating, as a film itlacks emotional firepower due to the absence of a strongly writtenprotagonist. This is strangely uncharacteristic of a director ofNolan's caliber, especially when you recall the complex character workin his most acclaimed films: The Dark Knight, Memento, and ThePrestige. Instead of focusing on a single character or single group ofcharacters, the focus is spread across three protagonists in completelydifferent situations. Showing the Dunkirk Evacuation through the threedifferent perspectives of those on the beach, the sea, and the air isonly an interesting proposition on paper. The narrative, due to thiswriting choice, is spread far too thin, with few characters gettingenough screen time to develop even the mildest emotional connection.While the characters in this film aren't written to even remotely becompelling, the great work from this cast is not to be overlooked.Harry Styles, known for being a member of English boy band OneDirection, is surprisingly excellent here in his acting debut. MarkRylance, Kenneth Branagh, and Fionn Whitehead also all give standoutperformances despite the limited screen time they are given. I should love this film. Historical drama? WWII setting? My favoritedirector Christopher Nolan? Amazing cinematography? Superb performancesfrom an ensemble cast? All of these elements made me sure I would lovethis going in. But, Dunkirk's lack of emotional connection severelydetracts from the awe-inspiring scope and technical prowess displayed. If I reviewed based on visuals alone, this is a slam-dunk, walk-offhome run of a 5-star film. While a focus on grandeur and situation overcharacter depth and emotion may work for some (it obviously worked for98% of critics on Rotten Tomatoes), it did not work for this critic.This is without a doubt a cinematic achievement, but without anemotional core, it's impossible for this film not to feel cold andempty. Despite being a technical masterpiece, this is ChristopherNolan's most disappointing film yet.