Let me say I really wanted to like this film. I avoided seeing thepreviews or any reviews so I could go in unbiased which is how I liketo see all of my movies. I don't like to rubbish the hard work thatpeople put into their films because I enjoy really well made films. Butin short I really wish someone told me to avoid this one. I'm not oneto follow the flow and praise something that is clearly so very bad.The bad: The music\noise\soundtrack...whatever you want to call it wasterrible. Just random esculations of horned instruments that build upand up and up to nothing. It was way too distracting and completelyfailed to build the suspense. I found myself looking around the cinemaat the speakers wondering when the projectionist was going to realisehe had accidentally turned the sound up too loud for the movie.There is zero character analysis. Everyone looks the same and you cantdistinguish anyone from anyone else throughout the film. It doesn'tmatter anyway because you don't have any reason to care about anyone inparticular because there is no back story of anyone. The plot is flatdry and boring. Don't get me wrong it was based on an important eventin history but this film does this no justice at all.My biggest gripe is the lack of dialogue throughout the film. Was Nolantrying something new here? Probably but please don't do it again. Thereare shots of what are meant to be hundreds of thousands of soldiers allstanding in lines on the beach all deathly quiet staring out to theocean in most scenes. Even the terribly injured lying on stretchers aremutes.So many scenes don't add any value and don't make any sense. Thestupidity of trying to force a single 60kg soldier off a sinking shipto reduce the overall weight of a boat stuck on the sand? I meanreally...who writes this stuff. The boat is taking on hundreds oflitres of water and you want us to believe that one person willmagically raise the boat off the beach? It's a head shaking moment thatjust makes no sense at all.The whole thing is a b grade made for TV matinée crossed with theoverly long 50 yard stares reminisce of a bad episode of the days ourlives. The Dad in the boat couldn't care less that his son dies. Healmost seems content. The plane scenes are slow and boring. They showlittle tactics and make us believe the entire German airforce wasfought off by 3 spitfires. And don't get me started on the spitfirethat somehow manages to linger in the air long after its engine hasstopped for what seems like an eternity. Some say that Spitfire isstill flying around without any fuel to this day. As my mate said, hedidn't have to land on the beach, he could have flown all the way backto London.I heard the budget was 150 million. That's got to be a joke. There isjust no way. Either that or the majority of the scenes ended up on thecutting room floor. You certainly didn't have to pay your actors forspeaking roles.It's such a shame. This movie has so little going for it. Maybe theeditor was coming down off a week long coke bender when he put thistogether because I have no doubt I could have done better with the rawfootage and a PC version of Adode Premier.Wait for DVD release and a night when you are not really into watchinga movie to pop this one in. You wont miss the atmosphere of a cinemafor this movie because there is none to talk of. I apologise for beingso harsh but I would prefer an apology from the director for killing myexpectations. 3/10 is very generous indeed.