Crow the critics are about Nolan's latest, "Dunkirk." A stunningmasterpiece say many. Masterpiece my ass.Snookered by the hype and war film fandom, ducats were placed oncounter, a ticket for admission passed back. Lights dimmed,anticipation mounted, and... nothing. Nothing. Save lurching betweendisparate, battle set pieces featuring people for whom little or noempathy exists. Lacking investment in the characters, what remains aremerely adequate, bloodless war scenes easily outgunned by the recent"Fury" and, farther back, "Saving Private Ryan." For example, a youngboy is killed but we know nothing of him, nothing of his motivation forclimbing aboard a civilian, Dunkirk-bound boat at the last minute. Wefeel nothing for him because he's simply a cardboard cutout.As the actors barely register emotion, boredom set in and not to beshaken off. The characters move as wind-up toys. There are few actorswho bare their soul like Cillian Murphy, here a shell-shocked survivor.As directed, he sleepwalks with the depth of an amateur in a highschool production. He's not alone. All the actors turn in measuredperformances with identical blank looks and monotone deliveries.Particularly wasted is the actor's actor, Kenneth Branagh.Certainly the bravery and sacrifice of civilian and military in theDunkirk evacuation is celebrated in "Dunkirk." Thank you. However, thishistorical action occurred in 1940. Films echo the zeitgeist of thetime in which they're produced. It's an odd choice to make a large(bad) film about an evacuation three-quarters of a century past.There's a stink of political agenda afoot in "Dunkirk" that'sintolerable. The enemy, unseen in "Dunkirk," lurks and kills fromsafety by air and ground. Surrounded with backs to the the Atlantic,the very survival of a way of life is in question, as portrayed in"Dunkirk." (Spoiler Alert: The Allies Won The War.) The enemy's attacksare isolated like terrorism. The result is "Dunkirk" weaves acautionary allegory mirroring religious extremism bent on destroyingall non-believers.Subtle propaganda is dangerous. "Dunkirk" fits that bill. Either thator Nolan is a complete idiot who hasn't a whit of sense. It's a toss-upbased on a filmography including the lackluster borefest"Interstellar," and the beyond inane "Inception." Nolan remains static in his career with "Dunkirk." His films arehalf-baked, underwritten, detached, and emotion-free. "Dunkirk" playslike a rough cut by a bad director who expects the viewer toemotionally fill-in-the-blanks. "Dunkirk" even lacks the courage of itsconvictions in being bloodless - there are no graphic deaths. At leastSpielberg had the courage to rub the viewer's nose in the stench ofdeath in "Saving Private Ryan." The first half hour of that film isunprecedented in the depiction of carnage (one can almost taste thegrit of raining sand from nearby mortar strikes). Nolansanitizes-for-your-own-protection. Yet he chose a violent topic andpunked out; a war movie detached from death is not a film about war. Bydesign, war cannot include gratuitous violence, just insanity - anelement also lacking in "Dunkirk."The wall-to-wall dramatic, but mixed low, score loses its effectivenessand becomes annoying. And, the constant, ham-handed crosscuttingbetween stories further waters this already thin soup by stopping ascene's dramatic momentum.A short scene in "Mrs. Miniver" (1942) featuring civilian WalterPidgeon returning from Dunkirk in his shot up runabout says more in thevisuals and a few lines of dialogue about the evacuation than theentirety of "Dunkirk." As Trump might Tweet, "Sad!"