It's sad, because the first part of the movie deserved a 9, but then itgot only worse and worse. It's very solid technically, has good acting,nice audio, the main idea is a definite plus. On the other hand thespecial effects are weak (like blood or flames) and the second part ofthe scenario is terrible.- the car which is used for the initial abduction is playing a loudmusic, which I don't really believe is the best way to imperceptiblykidnap someone - there's an open door out of nowhere leading the maincharacter to finding the box with photos simply waiting for him; theservants are steered by their grandparents so I guess they didn't leaveit there for him - they 'kidnapped' the main character with his friendknowing his new girlfriend.. I mean is this supposed to be the firsttime they act to stupidly? or am I somehow supposed to believe theyacted this way many times in the past and no one has noticed theirfriends/family missing? - they could have hypnotized him at the start,but of course they've waited until he'll start to be problematic, theycould've kept him inside the hypnosis, but of course they didn't - oh..they didn't think he can use the cotton wool to plug his ears.. and ofcourse there's no monitoring, no checking if he really is unconscious..- then a guy who had a liter of blood flow out of his head isresurrected and attacks the main character.. of course he could get anyweapon in the meantime, but he attacks him with his bare hands! - thenthe main character drives away and his girlfriend who has not heard theroar of the engine, did hear him hit the soft body of a grandma.. andof course she could quietly approach him and shoot him from up close,but she starts some shooting practice from far away letting him runaway.. of course he doesn't run away into the woods where it's harderto get shot, but run by the road where he's in the open.. then shedoesn't notice the flash in the darkness (!!!) of him doing a photo andfor some reason gives away her gun - the character of his friend fromBorder Guard seems like some help for low intellect people, because allthat he does is prompting the viewer (during phone conversations) whatis happening in the story, if they're unable to see it themselves -another movie about the supposedly intelligent people who cannot evenact elementarily cautiousWell, in the end even the title was already a spoiler. And generallyit's quite predictable. You can anticipate the hypnosis, the complicityof his girlfriend etc.It's a perfect film for a revolution in democratic societies: - blacksincited against the whites - conservatists against Obama supportingliberals - common folk against evil intellectuals + conspiracy theoryfeedingI rate it 7 mainly for it's 'reflective value', but it had so much morepotential.