Firstly, i want to say i enjoyed the film, nothing amazing like thecritics and Christopher Nolan fans have made out but i think heachieved what he set out to do, with all the parameters he set himselfregards to the differences with actual Dunkirk history and thefilmmaking style he wanted to use.It certainly isn't one of the greatest war films ever made, far from itbut it is a decent experiment in filmmaking, if your into that kind ofthing.Me and my friend both thought it was like a good film you watch at homeon a Sunday afternoon. And having watched it on the big screen i wouldsay that thats the best way to fully enjoy it too, at home, which iwould rather have seen it at. You'll understand when you see it, itsjust one of those films.If you watch this in Imax like i did, make sure you take a tissuebecause the sound becomes unbearably loud after a little while and youmay need to plug your ears up, especially when the aircraft segmentsstart and with the bigger explosions abit later on. Even with tissuesin ears its pretty loud too but its nicely bearable.So if you do go and watch it at the cinema then i wholeheartedlyrecommend watching it in the standard 2D screens, mainly because of theunbearably loud volume and bassy sounds in Imax, mixed with the otherfilm soundtrack noises makes everything sound muffled. And also becauseit isn't such the big visual spectacle as they've lead us to believe.Nolans previous films and those of say Ridley Scott or Peter Jacksonhave given more scope and reason to watch their films in an Imaxscreen.Overall though, i found the film enjoyable, JUST above average. Itplods along nicely for a 95 minute feature, with 10 minutes of endcredits also. There isn't a dull moment in this from my perspective.Nolan does make you feel sorry for the characters he wants you to feelsorry for, but for a war film it isn't a greatly emotional one. I don'tunderstand why its been given such high ratings as the visuals, sound,story, character development and overall feel don't warrant such grandpraise. I can understand why half the audience have really disliked itfor the above reasons also, as there was no storyline and there'sbarely a character for the audience to attach themselves to. Plusthere's a lot of difference in regards to the sheer numbers ofaircraft's, boats and people not present here. I did feel the grandnessof the peril these boys were actually in really missing because of thisscaling down from Nolan, which was his conscious choice to leave out. Ihave to admit that adding CGI here and there really would have giventhis moment of history a more realistic vision of it's devastatingscale.I expected to see really amazing choreographed air combat sequences toobut they were just OK, they did the job but nothing spectacular orexciting. There have been way better and breathtaking aircraft combatscenes from most other films, war or sci-fi!If you didn't know Christopher Nolan's intentions in his film as i'vebriefly alluded to above and are expecting to see an epic masterpieceof a war movie in the vein of films by directors like Stanley Kubrick,Michael Cimino, Brian De Palma, Oliver Stone, Ridley Scott, FrancisFord Coppola, Steven Spielberg or Mel Gibson, where the visuals meshbreathtakingly with story, characters and emotions then you may bedisappointed with Dunkirk. Dunkirk feels more like a brief and confinedmoment of an evacuation, with small scale pockets of peril at itsheart, and knowing that will help you appreciate this better,hopefully, but by how much i don't know, for me its a 6/10, just aboveaverage.It's definitely not on the scale the critics and fanboys have sold iton, for a general audience! Even though i enjoyed it i still don't seehow such high ratings are being thrown at this. And its a shame thefilm doesn't convey the epic grand scale feeling of terror that historyhas told us.