Ever since the end of the second world war, the phrase 'Dunkirk spirit'has been used in Britain to describe courage and solidarity in times ofadversity. However, this film chooses to focus on a young soldier whotries every underhand trick he can think of to get on board the rescuevessels ahead of everyone else. Where's the bravery or self sacrificein that? Instead of identifying with this "hero" I became increasinglyangry with him and had nothing but contempt for his actions. Why notpush in front of everyone else by pretending to be a medic? Why notpretend to be a survivor from a ship that's just been bombed and sunk?Not only do you get priority access to the next rescue boat but you geta hot drink, food and warmth before your comrades left behind on thebeach. I was actually happy that every escape attempt failed for thischaracter. It wouldn't be so bad if there was some dialogue to help us identifywith Tommy's fears or motivation but the first part of the film isplayed out in almost mute silence. A group of soldiers walk throughDunkirk without any conversation or discussion of their situation.Thousands of soldiers stand on the beach waiting for rescue with no-oneapparently talking to each other. I'm sorry but this is justunrealistic. But then it's equally unrealistic for Tommy and hiscomrades to have walked through a clean and rather modern looking townof Dunkirk where there is no damage to any of the buildings, despitethe fact that the enemy (don't mention the Germans) are attacking theplace. Freshly swept roads, clean windows and picture perfect sandbagsfor the French army to hide behind? surely the filmmakers could havebuilt a decent set to depict a war damaged section of town?Christopher Nolan has said that he wanted to avoid CGI in this film andopt instead for a realistic approach. Okay, CGI has become allpervasive in modern films (and some of it is downright cheesy) butthere's surely no reason why it couldn't have been used in this film tocreate the illusion of more soldiers on the beach or extra boats out atsea. Trying to depict such a large scale and epic event as Dunkirk in arealistic and authentic way is virtually impossible without using someCGI.The cinematic device of three different story lines being told on threeseparate timescales just doesn't work in this movie. The constantjumping back and forth between the different threads leads to somejarring continuity effects. One minute the sky is overcast, the nextit's clear and sunny. One moment it's nighttime, the next it's daytime.It's a shocking mess.Halfway through the movie I found myself shifting around in my seatfeeling increasingly irritated and it wasn't just the misadventures ofour "hero". I realised it was the background music causing mydiscomfort; a relentless, monotonous assault on the ears. War might behell but this soundtrack isn't far behind. When the small boats arriveat Dunkirk, a stirring rendition of 'Nimrod' from Elgar's 'Enigma'variations is played, albeit played at quarter speed. Is this reallycounted as being an original music score as stated in the credits?Sadly the answer appears to be yes because Elgar's music is no longerunder copyright protection. The fact that somebody got credit forwriting this particular section of "original" music is absolutelyshameful.The clichés: when Tom Hardy's pilot has a problem with his fuel gaugeand has to start making manual calculations on what fuel he has left,what are the chances that he will actually run out of fuel before thefilm ends? Well knock me down with a feather! He's run out of fuel.Gosh, I never saw that plot twist coming? The young boy who jumps on the small boat at the last moment as itleaves England, not realising (in his naivety) that it could be adangerous journey. What are the chances of him being badly injured oreven dying? Oh look? he's dead. Surprised? Well only by the manner ofhis death and the lack of concern from the skipper of the boat whentold of what's happened. What are the chances that our brave Spitfire pilot (who's just ditchedin the sea) is going to be rescued from drowning at the very lastsecond as the water laps over his head? What a cliffhanger! Our smallboat gets there in the nick of time to save the day! On the edge of myseat and holding my breath with excitement? Er, no. Then we have that ridiculous ending. After shooting down an enemy plane(don't mention the Germans) Tom Hardy runs out of fuel. In anoutstanding display of flying skills, our pilot extraordinaire not onlymanages to glide his Spitfire up and down the beach a couple of timesbut shoots down a Stuka bomber in the process before making a pictureperfect landing on the beach as the sun sets. Why bother landing on thebeach? He could have flown back to England in time for tea and tiffin.As the sun goes down he destroys his aircraft so the enemy (pleasedon't mention the Germans) can't get their hands on it. Quite frankly acrash landing would have been much more entertaining and an appropriateepitaph for this sorry farrago of a movie.Verdict? This film is a turkey.