Make no mistake, from a technical perspective Dunkirk is an absoluteachievement in filmmaking. Shot in portion on IMAX and completely onfilm, it's a visually gorgeous movie with breathtaking cinematographyof dogfights in the sky and battles at sea. The sound effects and mixare possibly the best I've ever heard in a film! The gunshots are andloud, frightening, and realistic and every scene with a plane closingin sounds as if it i flying right above the audience making for an allthe more immersive experience. And as always, Hans Zimmer deliversanother excellent and powerful score that is one of the best I've heardin a film in quite sometime.Yet, Dunkirk makes the same mistake that many technical and visuallyimpressive films do, it forgets to give us any reason to care aboutwhat's going on within it's craft. Nolan has made a film that isstrictly about the event that took place and has chosen to tell it inan unconventional non-linear structure with three different areas ofthe event taking course over the span of a week, day, and hour. Bywithin a few minutes dropping us into all the chaos unfolding and notstating the structure aside from brief "One week...etc." cards in thevery start, it takes a little bit of time to fully grasp the way thestory is being unfolded and difficult to get into during the first actwith things moving at such a quick pace . The biggest issue withDunkirk though is that there is nothing to get invested in. I'mdebating whether to even say this movie has any characters because noneof them have any depth, personality, or background. This is a filmwhere we are suppose to be rooting for the survival of these people,yet aren't given any reason to care about them other than the fact theyare soldiers fighting the enemy. As the film progressed, I found myselfnot wanting to see where the actual story would progress, but insteadhoping that there would be something else I could appreciate visuallyor technically to keep me from losing complete interest.Another big issue is that Nolan desperately wants this to be a grim andhorrific portrayal of war. However, this is difficult to do when thefilm is restricted to the boundaries of a PG-13 rating. This is theperfect example of a film that needed an R rating to fully be effectivein what it was trying to do. Take films such as Saving Private Ryan orthe recent Hacksaw Ridge in which the battle scenes become borderlinehorror films due to not just their suspense, but brutality andgraphicness. Not that Dunkirk needed to be a Gibson gorefest, but it'sportrayal of war feels all too tame and can't deliver on the level ofsuspense that's built up in the scenes proceeding it.That isn't to say the film isn't without tense scenes, one inparticular where soldiers are hiding in a ship that is being shot atfor target practicing is particularly nerve-wrecking as well as theclimax and the ending are also very well done. As for the acting, thereisn't a bad performance here, but with little dialogue or much to doother than look frightened the cast isn't given a lot to work with toshow off much. Tom Hardy's role could have been played by any otheractor and it wouldn't have changed a thing which can be said for mostof the cast here.For a film that has openly taken pride in how experimental, unique, andgoing against what is norm in Hollywood, Dunkirk ends up being exactlywhat Nolan has been criticizing. It's a complete exercise in spectaclethat's trying to get a pass with it's unique style and filmmakingtechniques to excuse it's lack of depth and emotional core. I canappreciate Nolan for taking a different approach to a war film and itcertainly showcases his talent as a director, but just because it'sdifferent doesn't automatically make it good and without any realdepth, characterization, or emotion only further provides evidence ofhis weakness as a writer. If the film had been trimmed down to 30-40minutes and released as an IMAX feature it would have been much moreimpressive, but the film itself is an empty exercise in technicalachievement that's in it's own way a new breed of cynical filmmaking.