Written and directed by Jordan Peele of Key & Peele and MADtv, Get Out(2017) is the story of a young interracial couple, Chris Washington(Daniel Kaluuya) and Rose Armitage (Allison Williams), meeting Rose'sparents for the first time. By all appearances, Mr. and Mrs. Armitage(Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener) have no idea Chris is black.They seem to be friendly and progressive, if not awkward, but all isnot what it seems.This is Peele's first film, and it has gotten nearly universallypositive reviews, which I'll admit, perplexed me at first. When I sawthe preview, I thought it was a joke, like the horror movie spoof"Ghost Tits." It looked like something from MADtv or The ChappelleShow, which makes sense since Jordan Peele is mostly known for sketchcomedy. Critics said Get Out was "the smartest horror movie in ages,""fresh and sharp," and "masterfully and subtly crafted." I had to seeif it lived up to the hype.Critics love to exaggerate positives and negatives, and there'sdefinitely some of that going on with these reviews, but Get Out is asolid, well crafted horror film. The preview doesn't do it justice. Themusic, scares, characters, editing, foreshadowing, actors andactresses?all of it works.The characters are genuinely creepy. We've all walked into situationswhere we had to meet people for the first time and they were a littleodd or off putting. Get Out ratchets up that feeling and adds a racialelement into the mix to make it more believable. The audience secondguesses themselves along with the main character. Is there somethingwrong with these folks, or is it just culture shock? Many critics havechosen to focus on racism or subtle racism as a theme in Get Out, but Ithink Peele is doing something more clever with this. It's nearly impossible to make a film without reflecting the society inwhich it was made or the values of the filmmakers. In that sense, yes,Get Out speaks to African Americans who experience this kind of subtleracism. And it's interesting because it's not a perspective you usuallysee in horror films. But most moviegoers are white. Does the whiteaudience identify with the protagonist and his struggles to be acceptedby his girlfriend's family? I'm guessing not.In my review of A Cure for Wellness (2016), I argued that in a goodmystery, the audience discovers clues alongside the protagonist. Thethrill comes from an "ah-hah" moment, as the clues begin to fittogether. The mystery in A Cure for Wellness didn't work because it wastoo obvious what was going on. It needed a red herring to keep theaudience on its toes.In Get Out, racism is the red herring. Chris' friend Rod Williams(LilRel Howery), a TSA agent, basically gets at the truth long beforeanyone else, but his theory is so outlandish, you're predisposed todismiss it out of hand. There's a great scene when Rod takes his theoryto the police, and they laugh him out of the room. This sends a signalto the audience not to take it seriously, even after Chris disappears.The movie preview and opening scenes had me so fixated on race, I wassure the family had some secret racist past. Right up to the bigreveal, I was convinced Chris would find a KKK hood, or old photos ofMr. and Mrs. Armitage at a Klan rally. I won't give anything away, butthe ending comes as a complete surprise, and I think that's whatdelights audiences so much. The Sixth Sense (1999) is the last time Iremember a horror movie beguiling audiences so well.Peele himself said, "What I'm going for is more the human demon that isinherent in the way we interact? Humanity is the monster in my films."So maybe it is about more than race, although it's hard to find ahorror film where humans aren't monsters in some way. Whatever hismotive, Peele produced a fresh take on an otherwise warmed-over genre.I went into the movie with a skeptical eye, and came out a fan.