There are no spoilers in this review. We know how the whole thing endsor, if you don't, stop reading and get a history book. This film is notthe way to learn anyway.I had high hopes of Dunkirk. People were saying it is a great film. Iremain baffled as to why. I did not quite want to walk out of Dunkirk,but I was bored and I can't say I enjoyed it. It has too manyfundamental failings. Here's why.Firstly (let's start with something positive), the good points.There is a bit of spectacular photography. Some of the shots of shipsare well done.The acting - Having said that there's not a lot of "acting" at all.Come to think of it there should be a lot more "acting". The charactersshould be more terrified, angry, resilient, defiant, chipper etc. Noneof this comes across but I think that's the director's fault, not theactors'.There are some interesting vignettes. They stand alone as well-executedscenes but, as I'll discuss later, they don't add up to much.Er, that's about it.Now, the things that just added up to make the film annoying, dull anduninvolving.Characterisation - I just wasn't invested in any of the characters. The"lead" in the form of the soldier that we follow through the trials andtribulations of the evacuation is just not a sympathetic character. Heis a chancer trying to get ahead of the queue. Quite apart from thefact that he's certainly not representative of the troops at Dunkirk,it's unnecessary; he's a weasely little character when there's a muchbigger story going on. The rest of the characters are largelytwo-dimensional. The sub-plot on the boat, brings in anotherunsympathetic character, is difficult to believe in, is a distractionand has nothing to do with the evacuation. If we needed charactersub-plots, we'd have been much better off looking at the people backhome in England, their fears, motivations etc. and we'd understand thestory of Dunkirk better.There is also no sense of the real fear, desperation, defiance etc thatmust have been foremost in the minds of the men on the beach. In factthere is very little emotion in the film at all. We follow a couple ofsoldiers about for a bit but we get no sense that men are awaiting thelottery of the next Luftwaffe bombing raid, losing their comrades orwondering if they will get home to their wives or whether a Panzerdivision is about to come over the horizon.Scale - there is absolutely NO sense of the scale of the evacuation.The actual evacuation involved some 400,000 men. We see very few...really, very few. We hear a man on a stretcher takes the space of sevenstanding men but the ships leaving the harbour are clearly not full;there are just a few guys standing by the railings. At Dunkirk, menwere so crammed onto ships they had to leave their backpacks behind.Surely the budget could have run to a few more extras or a bit of CGI.We see three British aeroplanes and a couple of German ones! Story - there is no real story to invest in. Quite apart from theintensely annoying non-linear narrative, there is no sense of whatactually happened at Dunkirk. We never get to understand why ithappened, why the commanders did what they did or what choices theyhad, the RAF's role, the French army's role, how the fleet of littleships came about, why Hitler didn't attack by land or anything really.Non-linear narrative - oh my goodness me! Why? Don't get me wrong Ienjoy a well-constructed non-linear narrative, but this isn't it. Thestory jumps around for no readily apparent reason. We see things twicebut then there are two planes at one point so we're not quite sure ifit's the first plane or the second one. It's a mess. Again, someinteresting little vignettes but not adding up to any coherent story wecan invest in.And then there are all the other little nit-picking bits that made thefilm annoying and distracting. A soldier salutes a very senior colonelwithout his hat on (not done!) and then casually imparts a load ofinformation without once saying "Sir". Would a senior naval officer in1940 really say "we're stuffed"? Spitfires could fire their guns for atotal of about 17 seconds and did not have apparently unlimitedammunition, nor could they keep flying with no engine. If a planepasses you at altitude (at what? 120-150mph?) and then ditches, it willnot be 100 yards or so from your boat, it'll be well over a mile away.How is the boat captain an expert in German aerial tactics; hisexplanation makes no sense. When you're not invested in a film, younotice these things.Oh yes and other people have commented on the score. What score? It'sjust noise except for the final section? is it supposed to be rousingor patriotic? It's just Elgar's Nimrod played at about 1/4 speed. Scoreby Hans Zimmer?.. not really.So all in all while this film does have one or two moments. It adds upto considerably less than the sum of its parts. I had started givingthis three stars but the more I think about it, I don't think it'sworth even that. Not only could it have been so much more, it'sactually quite a badly made film. Why on earth are people giving ithigh ratings?