Having recently won the People's Choice Awards at TIFF, ThreeBillboards outside Ebbing, Missouri is very easy to see why it won.Three Billboards is a dark but also funny and heart-felt story aboutone woman's quest to get justice for her daughter's rape and murder.After Mildred Haynes buys three billboards with words written on themaccusing the town's well-liked sheriff of having not found herdaughter's killer, it sets a series of events that turns the citizensand the cops against her.The thing I can say about Three Billboards without going into spoilersis that it is wildly unpredictable. One moment you think things aregoing one direction as expected then it takes hard left turn that onlyadds to the dynamic between the characters. As the pressure within thetown builds and anger is pointed towards Mildred, we see many of thesecharacters evolve in order to deal with tragedy and grief and learn tofind peace. And the movie goes through a roller-coaster of emotions.One moment you are laughing your butt off from the hilarious dialoguethen you feel like someone just punched you in the gut. With everyvictory you think this story brings you feel like it was taken awayfrom because of the world's unfairness and injustice. In lesser handsthe mixture of dark and comedic tones would not work, but director andwriter Martin McDonagh knows how to balance them to perfection.The performances here just through the roof. Frances McDormand deliversa performance that will for sure get her into the Lead Actress awardsrace at the Oscars. As Mildred, McDormand just cuts loose with herperformance with every line of hate, cynicism and cursing towardseveryone she feels doesn't truly understand the internal pain she isgoing through. But McDormand does now and then show a soft side toMildred. It shows that Mildred is just person like everyone who has herown way of dealing with the tragedy of loosing her own child. And SamRockwell also gives one of the best performances of his career as theflawed and very misguided cop Dixon. The character of Dixon isshort-tempered, volatile, and not bright with some baggage of his ownthat the locals accuse him of. But Sam Rockwell brings his charm andsincerity to what could be a rather unlikable character. And in thelatter half, you see Dixon go through a tremendous arc of learning tocare about others rather then just being angry towards them. Othergreat performances that should be called out are Woody Harrelson, PeterDinklage, John Hawk and Caleb Landry Jones.Three Billboards outside Ebbing, Missouri is easily one of the bestmovies this year and is worth seeing once it comes out in widereleases.