I'll start with the good. Nolan's refusal to use sets creates awonderful atmosphere. I really felt like I was there on the beach withthem, I felt the gloom and the cold and the mist and the enclosedspaces. The contrasting sunset on the sea with the catastrophe of warmade me feel deeply for the humans who experienced this. I enjoyed thehumanity in the beginning, the men searching for water and trying topoop anywhere possible. However, my red flag went up at the informative slides at thebeginning. In one swift move, any chance of mystery and allure wascrushed. Obviously this is a historical event so major spoilers aren'treally possible. But, this isn't a documentary. Let the stories unfold.Give us information in text if necessary, but omit the end outcome."The men waited for a miracle."Okay. So, we now know this movie is about them getting this miracle.Done. We already knew that. Don't tell us, show us. I personally am not a fan of the way Christopher Nolan directs. In thismovie as well as Batman, the audience is left visually lost. There areno point of references, no connected images that help us make heads ortails of exactly what's happening. This movie is unnecessarilyconvoluted. It took me awhile to understand that we are cutting betweenthree different time lines. This is a fantastic tactic, if done withintention. In Dunkirk, it was all just... kind of happening. The filmmanipulates you by using incredibly loud sounds, which didn't bother meat first because I felt like I was really there with them, but when thefilm showed itself to be lacking in other ways, I felt fooled by thecheap trick. I found a lot of the film to be simply inaudible. I dreaded theconversations between the commander and the colonel. For me it went"blah blah blah, home" "blah blah blah, home" "blah blah blah,civilians" At one point we even discovered that our stowaway friend wasFrench. I thought it was more of an indiscernible English accent, butmy French friend who I saw the movie with filled me in afterwards, andhe only knew what happened because he speaks French. Is that a huge negative? Not necessarily. But it felt like I was beingleft out. There's two types of movies. There's a movie that takes youinto it, effortlessly. It isn't something you are watching butsomething you are apart of. The other type of movie is one that youactively need to watch. You could take it or leave it. It doesn'tcommand your attention. The main event of this movie was people getting off ships, peoplegetting back on ships, people getting off ships, people getting back onships. There was no through-line to look to for guidance. It didn'thighlight the story of Dunkirk from any specific or interesting angle.Like I said before, it just kind of happened. The point of this movieis that it happened. Which, okay, that's fine. But, on top of that, keyingredients of the actual event were missing!The real event included French and Candian and Belgian troops allevacuating over a weeks time, with the small boats. It wasn't suddenlyone easy trip the way this movie presents it to be. And while this washappening, British and French men had to stay behind and fight in orderto let the others escape. In addition to that, we didn't once see a manon the other side, narrowing and dehumanizing this story. It's oddly convenient that everyone cheered with excitement when thesmall boats showed up, considering everyone who had gone out into thesea for the past week had been getting slaughtered. Seems less likereal men experiencing this in real time, and more like a Hollywooddirector knowing the end of this story. This part, seemingly the mainevent of Dunkirk was completely glossed over. Seeing the civiliansreach land, seeing the interactions between them and the soldiers,seeing the gratitude and stress and exhaustion is essential. And we gotnone of it. If your one goal in making a movie is to tell it how it is,at least tell it how it is.