Once again the curse of Written and Directed by the same person strikesagain!From the very start, we watch well trained (from my own knowledge ofhistory - this movie provides no background), British troops run downthe middle of the road when fired on. Even untrained troops must havethe instinct to seek the nearest cover of a door or alleyway?The bland music is annoying, and was probably done to save time andmoney on background sound effects which would have added so much moreto the drama.After bombs are dropped onto the crowded beach, soldiers die, but youhear no wounded crying out for help.The British Spitfires, while recreated extremely accurately, appear tohave limitless ammunition.The time shifting is totally confusing. One moment we are watching ascene in bright daylight, the next it is night, then back to day again.What confused me most was when one pilot watched his wingman ditch,then he proceeded to shoot down a German bomber, after watching it inhis rear view mirror for a while? Why would he do this? Why wouldn't hejust turn and shoot it down?A little later we go back in time to be with the pilot ditching. Hethen struggles to get out of his plane, but is eventually rescued. Alittle later, he watches his wingman shoot down the bomber! Are youkidding me? Unless his mate had been circling above, and given the timeframe from the previous scene, the bomber should have been shot downwhilst he was still trying to get out of his downed plane, and it wouldhave happened miles away from where he was rescued.Rather than provide a sense of the magnitude of Dunkirk, the film wouldhave you believe, until one of the last scenes, that only a few largeand small ships and boats took part. It doesn't show the lines of menin the water up to their shoulders waiting to be picked up. It doesn'teven give you a sense of the time frame of several days.Indeed, the ships shown look too modern to be early Second World Wardestroyers.For those reviewers calling this the best war movie ever, I'm guessingthis is the first you have watched.Now go see Band of Brothers, to see how a real war movie/TV series isdone.Then see if you can find the original movie Dunkirk, starring JohnMills, because although rather slow in places, this movie is still somuch better than this new attempt.