"Anger begets greater anger." says Penelope (Samara Weaving), Mildred's(Frances McDormand) ex-husband's totally non stereotypical nineteenyear old new girlfriend, who delivers the film's theme in what issupposed to be another comedic moment where we are all supposed tolaugh at this beautiful but shallow girl's attempt at sounding smart,and yet, it falls flat, like the vast majority of both dramatic andcomedic moments.I just want to clarify before going any further that In Bruges, MartinMcDonagh's directorial debut, is one of my absolute favorite films. Onethat navigates comedy and drama perfectly, brilliantly written andacted, I could go on for days on how perfect In Bruges is, in my humbleopinion.Sadly, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri fails miserably whereIn Bruges succeeded. It constantly tries to navigate the difficult linebetween dark comedy and drama, and mostly, it falls flat on its head.The thematic thread may be to blame here. Without spoiling the plot,the setup is simple: Frances McDormand wants some form of justice forher daughter's brutal murder. She gets the local police department'sattention by setting up three billboards complaining about theirinability to solve the case. But her action only generates moreconflict in town and while it does draw attention to her daughter'scase, it leads to increasing tension between her and pretty mucheveryone else around her. Her anger literally begets more anger and,ultimately, solves nothing.This is a surprisingly simple moralistic viewpoint coming from the manwhose first film was so morally complex and ambiguous and it results inthe creation of equally shallow characters and a plot that desperatelytries to make sense of its many pointless turns.To be fair, McDonagh attempts to humanize its more prominentcharacters: Mildred (McDormand), in spite of being a tough and woodenmost of the time, shows deep vulnerability in an unfortunatelyinsufferably cheesy monologue she gives to a deer. Meanwhile, Dixon(Sam Rockwell), the "black torturer," displays humanity later in themovie and tries really hard to find redemption when he is shown theway.Unfortunately those attempts are so sudden and awkward or poorlyexecuted that they lack believability and feel like they wereartificially implemented to make these characters seem deeper than theyreally are.Throughout the film, it feels like the filmmaker is more interested inhammering his simplistic viewpoint and using small town America as aperfect setting for it - even though it never feels like he hasactually ever spent time there - than to craft a story with a coherentthrough line and inhabited by humane, relatable characters.There was so much talent involved in the making of this film - and inspite of everything, Sam Rockwell delivers a stellar performance - thatit is truly frustrating that the end result be so mediocre. Hopefully,McDonagh will course correct on his next film.