Spoiler Alerts!!!! Spoiler Alerts!!!! Spoiler Alerts!!!! READ NOFURTHER IF YOU DON'T WANT THE PLOT RUINED FOR YOU.I heard a lot about this film and that it was an excellent horror moviewith a relevant social message. I looked eagerly forward to seeing itand now that I have; I can honestly say that I am very disappointedwith the film. After 20 minutes I was going to turn it off but I kepthanging on to see "when" and "if" anything interesting would happen andwhat the fuss was all about. It took a long time for anything of "noteto happen" (most of the plot action takes place in the last 15 or 20frenzied minutes).More Spoiler Alerts!!!! Spoiler Alerts!!!! Spoiler Alerts!!!! READ NOFURTHER IF YOU DON'T WANT THE PLOT RUINED FOR YOU.If anyone has ever seen the classic Universal Studios 1948 horrorcomedy Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein then you'll know the plotfor "Get Out" (coincidentally released by Universal Studios) borrowedliberally, (i.e. was ripped off from that A&C movie). This time,instead of Dracula wanting to transplant Costello's simple mind (brain)into the Frankenstein monster so the monster will be malleable andcompliant; we have rich, old, white folks wanting to have their brainstransplanted into young, healthy, black people's bodies with strongerbodies so the white folks can live longer and be healthier. I guessit's some kind of twisted, sicko old, rich, white person's idea of thefountain of youth or fantasy utopia? (Duh!) Go figure. The idea makesyou wonder what the families of the old, rich, white people do abouttheir elderly family member's death certificates and how they cover upthe missing old, rich, white family members in the outside world. Noone seems to ever miss them or question the "new" black family members.Get out clocks in at a slowly paced one hour and 45 minutes but if youwatch the first 15 minutes and skip to the last 20 frenzied minutes(where all the IMPROBABLE action takes place and I mean VERYIMPROBABLE); you'll save yourself 1 hour and 10 minutes of snooze time.Virtually nothing happens for that long stretch in between.ONE MORE SPOILER ALERT: The ending you can drive a MACK truck throughthe improbable happenings and ridiculous overkill. It would be one hellof a messy situation to clean up and walk away from. The biggest peeve I have is the guy's "loving, white girl friend", i.e.kidnapper who lures young, black people to her parents home in secludedupstate NY. She actually leaves the light on in her closet with a shoebox (lid ajar) for the suspicious black boyfriend to find. It's smackdab in the middle of the closet floor, light shining on it with nothingelse around! The contents - oh just many photos of his girl friend withevery black boyfriend and one girl friend she has lured to her parent'shome. There must be at least 10 to 15 of those victims each picturedlovingly with her. A very busy family industry they've got going there.Why would she do that? Answer: As a plot device to hammer it home tothe boyfriend/victim and to the viewing audience. In case you couldn'tfigure out what was happening already.In the end, "Get Out" is an inferior horror movie that would have madea poor 30 minute episode of the Twilight Zone way back in the day.Social message??? I don't think so, unless you want to read one intoit.More likely it exploits the racial divide in some parts of society togarner ticket sales for the studio.In the end like so many other poor horror movies, "Get Out" seems likethe idea one gets from a crazy mixed up nightmare after eating too muchgreasy pizza late at night.Recommendation: Skip "Get Out" --- pardon the pun, it is a "nobrainer"- ha ha ha.