Some people go to the movies for escapism - for a diversion; awell-deserved break from real life. Then there are those who frequentthe cinema for elucidation of deeper truths, or explication unpackingsociopolitical concerns of the time. Somehow (somewhat amazingly),comedy veteran Jordan Peele has crafted a film perfectly geared toappeal to either camp - and as his directorial debut, to boot. Get Outis an unforgettable cinematic experience, tackling subtext almosteerily prescient in the wake of racially-motivated hate crimes,rallies, and dangerously escalating discrimination (both explicit andpervasively subtle. But, lest prospective viewers pass it by as asoapbox diatribe, Peele opts to frame his discourse through aningeniously un-didactic psychological horror genre lens (think TheStepford Wives crossed with Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, thrown into aHitchcockian Psycho blender, and churned with a table saw). It'sfiendishly eloquent, but almost outlandishly absurdist. And it may bethe most clever, bonkers, nail-biting, irreverently ingenious, andgrimly fun time at the movies this year. If that sounds like a confusing cocktail of diametrically opposedelements it is. Yet, somehow, Peele shakes, stirs, and serves theperfect filmic entrée disguised as an aperitif, its roller-coaster rideof emotions and response somehow working seamlessly as an ingeniouslyhomogeneous film. Social satire and the horror genre have long gonehand in hand (in fact, "We all go a little mad sometimes" couldpractically serve as the tagline for the movie that is 2017 ), butPeele finds that true horror lies in the crushing weight ofracially-motivated micro-aggressions sprinkled out by the caste of(sometimes) well-intentioned nouveau-liberals doing their best tocounteract privilege by being a little too earnest in telling the onlyAfrican American in the room that they would've voted for Obama for athird term if they could. Peele's satire may be barbed - perhaps toomuch so not to hit a nerve for some audiences - but its teeth are razorsharp, capturing the intricacies of moments of discomfort almostimperceptible apart from those experiencing them in both hysterical andcringe-worthy detail. His airtight script is succinct butextraordinarily precise, with dialogue rife with clever wordplay (watchfor all of the seemingly innocent inclusions of the word "black" ininnocuous conversation) and coy foreshadowing so intricate the filmpractically necessitates repeat viewings to drink it all in. And just when you're engrossed in cackling and cringing under yourbreath at the savage Act 1 satire, Peele cordially reminds you thatyou're here watching a horror film - and hits you with no holds barred.Of course, he's never fully let you fully forget it, with a chillinglysurreal prologue, and poetic flourishes sneakily maintaining a mood ofgeneral unease (protagonists Chris and Rose hit a deer on the way tovisiting her parents in the countryside). Some of these are artsy pieceof tone-setting foreshadowing. Some are playful red herrings. Some areboth, with enough narrative bread crumbs scattered to elicit somepainful 'I should've KNOWN!' face-palming in the third act for all butthe most eagle-eyed viewers. And none are extraneous, all firmly inservice of forwarding both the film's horror tropes and real-lifehorror intertexts in equal, grim measure. Case in point: "the sunkenplace" - a bout of hypnosis-paralysis Chris is subjected to that hasthe film at its most claustrophobically terrifying while also providinga crushingly perfect metaphor for feeling consistently beaten down andrepressed in a closeted discriminatory culture. As things take an increasingly chilling turn for the macabre (andPeele's pitch-perfect pacing stews tension to a frantic fever pitchwith the effortless nonchalance of a seasoned veteran), Get Out'sultimate, rather sordid, gag is how easy it is to miss the forest forthe trees. We find ourselves tempted, alongside Chris, to write off hisspine-tingling experiences as paranoia (or the film artisticallyextrapolating on the experience of racial discrimination), when thereality could simply be that things are, in fact, so much worse thanthe fears a lifetime of living in 'polite society' has taught him todismiss as overzealous. The realization starts witty, then becomesalmost overwhelmingly sobering. And there's the definitive microcosmicdistillation of the film's audience experience as a whole. Daniel Kaluuya gives an outstanding performance as Chris, establishinga baseline of perfectly affable nonchalance to make the rawness withwhich he radiates horror at the indignities he's increasingly subjectedto all the more harrowing. Still, Kaluuya's work is too sophisticatedfor rote 'final girl' horror reactions, and a couple of left-turncharacter choices skirting obvious Hollywood moral choices keep Chrisenigmatic enough to remain compelling throughout. Allison Williams isequally terrific, perfecting a peppy charisma with just enough of ahighly-strung edge to ensure she equally dodges cliché throughout.Catherine Keener and Bradley Whitford embody that particular strain offriendliness that is somehow icier and more imperious with every smileto almost unnerving effect, while LilRel Howery is reliably hilarious,pulling double-duty as the film's bombastic comic relief andincredulous moral centre. Finally, Caleb Landry Jones infuses hisinherent slithering creepiness into a drunken jock archetype toperfectly unnerving effect, while Stephen Root's warm eloquenceprovides a welcome foil to the tone-deaf effete posturing threateningto suffocate Chris. If ever there were a single film to distill the madness of thesociopolitical climate of the past year and make sense of it with acidwit and world-weary humour, it's Peele's unforgettable Get Out. It'spsychological horror film as inventive and groundbreaking as it issadistically playful. It's an unnervingly timely, wallopingdeconstruction of the intimate intricacies of privilege and prejudicefor the "I'm not racist, but..." crowd. In short, prospective viewerswould do well to follow the advice of its title - Get Out of yourhouse, routine, deeply entrenched mindset, and drink in what hindsightwill invariably decree the most illustrative (and fiendishly enjoyable)film of the year. -10/10