The most important lesson in the history of our humanity, surpassed ingenre, religion among other moral aspects, is simply the survival ofthe species or a human being in question. Our most basic instinct issurvival and when we unite, forgetting our differences (as a group ofIndividuals, not nations), for the sake of our survival and ourwell-being, the human race shines in the most intense sense possible.The cooperation between several elements, to come out alive from acomplicated situation. One scene, caught my attention when a group of Allied soldiers weresurrounded in a ship and this same ship was being attacked on all sidesby the German troops. One of the characters was being forced out of theship to see if the tide sea was rising or not. Out of fear, thischaracter did not want to leave the ship, it was when an Englishsoldier replied: for the others to survive, one person has to die.The theme of this film is survival, especially surviving in a difficultsituation, is in itself a great victoryNothing is better expressed in this film and executed in a way with asmuch talent as Nolan achieved in making with this film. Not only byitself, the message is passed to the audience in a clear and perfectway as is demonstrated in small scenes that help convey this messageand build a fitting end to the film itself.The film goes straight to the narrative and action of the movie withoutlosing in passing with interesting monologues, unlike Inception, a filmin which Nolan himself created a character with the sole purpose ofexplaining the rules of this universe for the audience, this is theapex of Nolan as a Film director and he performs his work in a simpleand exemplary way. So Dunkirk is his smaller commercial movie, but withthe bonus without unnecessary scenes that could crumble the experienceof the film.The performances are excellent and accompany the director's talents(the direction of the film itself) and the script in a cohesive, simpleand direct way, highlighting Fionn Whitehead, Mark Rylance and ofcourse the very competent Kenneth Branagh. These excellent actors helpimmerse the audience in the cinematographic aspect of the movie itselfto make the experience as real and emotional as possible.Again, congratulations to Nolan for choosing actors relatively unknownto the general public, but outstanding in their work of acting. Insteadof trying to choose famous actors (whose private lives are always inthe mouths of the people and the magazines), these people arecelebrities and not actors. For this reason I never managed to pass thefirst act of Saving Private Ryan. Spielberg made a mistake filling hisfilm with the most popular Hollywood All Star cast of famous actors atthat time (their lives were so exposed that it was hard to see thosepeople as soldiers or survivors of WWII). At this point, Nolan faredbetter than Spielberg.By completing this great experience, special and sound effects areapplied in an exemplary way and these same technologies make almostperfect use of the IMAX screen. The technical and aesthetic aspects arevery good, as it comes this habit in this type of film with this typeof budget (105 millions). The cinematography is very good (almostperfect, like in most of Nolan movies) and the camera movements areagile and very beautiful.See the aerial combat of the characters of Tom Hardy (Farrier) and JackLowden (Collins) in aerial planes that looked with great and amazingbeauty in fighting against the planes of the Germans. A technicalamazing work of Nolan and his production team. Amazing, no doubt.Especially on the IMAX screen, where the film shows all its beauty, andif there is a movie that deserves to be seen in IMAX, it is one, thisnew work of Christopher Nolan, no doubt. The ambitious ideas of thefilmmaker and the great sequences in parallel assembly thatcharacterize his works. Making the storytelling move to viewers inthree different locations (The Mole, The Sea and The Air). In acohesive, precise and confusing way. This film shows a great talent ofNolan, and it reaches his talent to create sequences in parallelassembly the characters of the film in a brilliant way. The soundtrackcomposed by the veteran Hans Zimmer is amazing, Hans in turn creates amemorable theme for the theme of World War II. Fantastic and great.The great and only problem I see that disturbs the experience of thefilm is limited by the PG-13 and thus limit the blood and violence, forGod's sake, it is a film about a war blood and violence are common. Attimes it seemed like I was looking at some scenes and these same scenesseemed so artificial and displaced from the film itself, like the sceneof the soldiers corpses coming to the beach, or the English troopsbeing smashed by the sinking ship (two clear examples that PG-13influenced negatively the movie).One problem that some people go through seeing this movie is the lackof depth in some characters, however there are characters with depth,but not the kind of depth shown through dialogues or exposition. Nolanwanted to show something bigger. And I think Nolan did it. Nolancreated in this movie to show the question of survival and itsconsequences in the lives of the people close to war and the soldierswho were fighting in that war. He wanted to show us how and survivaldefine us, and I think he got the message very well across this movie.Even for this, he sacrificed some dramatic depth. Depth for certaincharacters, however Nolan passed a larger message, which surpasses anydramatically deep element. Nolan wanted to get something bigger. And inmy opinion he did it.