In an age where African Americans make up 13% of the US population and3% of those are males aged 16-38 who commit 55% of the murders, 73% ofviolent crimes.A time where you are 27 times MORE likely to be attacked by thisminority of 3% then any others.(These are directly quoted via the FBI website and the Statisticsbureau website OK, so they are not just a racist opinion they are FACT,look them up... ill wait.)A time where a man like Rodney King is held up as a shining example ofthe "System gone bad." A Man with an EXTENSIVE violent criminal historywho leads police on a high speed chase and once stopped, he alone, outof the rest of the group who were in the car, is the only one to resistarrest and ATTACK THE POLICE!! Resulting in a beating which hedeserved. When black's riot, burn and loot a city and beat white people to pulpswith bricks for being white, whilst disguising it as a protest againstracism (obviously ignoring the irony.)Only in a time like this, when extreme Left Wingers who are theminority but get the most attention by yelling the loudest aboutracism, bigotry, dirty tactics and anything else they can use to enrageand brainwash people to join their cause. Only in this Utopia for PCgone rampart nut jobs and people who yell racism against whites becausethey have "white privileged" can something like this moronic film getsuch a high rating or such undeserved applause.Maybe take a step back and really take a good, hard OBJECTIVE look,without your irrational emotional garbage blinding you, at what isreally happening in the USA and similar countries.FUN FACT! Did you know that without that 3% of African Americans aged16-38, Americas crime rate would be one of the lowest in the world...Does that not show you where the underlying problem is? With this ridiculous "Hate Whitey forever and pass that hate on to mychildren and my children's children, because of something his ancestorsdid to my ancestors yet which has NO BEARING on my present daysituation, which i however, use as an excuse to feel sorry for myself,not work, sell drugs, destroy my OWN community and shoot up my OWN"Brothers." attitude, no wonder whitey is a little skeptical.Heck if i was 27 times more likely to be attacked by someone of acertain race, i would also be a little concerned.Wake the up, you have no one to blame but yourselves, BOTH OF YOU,BLACKS AND WHITES! Certain Blacks for having this attitude, the victim attitude, whichthey display OVER AND OVER AGAIN like it's some sort of badge they canflash to get sympathy and free stuff, this attitude that the world owesyou everything for stuff that is not applicable to your present daycircumstances. Stop with this idea that you are unfairly targeted by police, when inreality what you don't seem to mention is how these "poor black A+school children" were actually in the middle of a crime and eitherthreatened the police or resisted arrest by either running or throughacts of violence.There in NOT more unfair attacks by cops now days, the reason it seemsthat way is because everyone has a camera now days and can record atthe drop of the hat. I wonder what the 60's would have looked like hadcell phones and YouTube been invented then?And Whites because you allow this garbage mentality that "everyone isthe same and I'm scarred to be called racist or a bigot if i evenmention the word black or crime in the same sentence." Because if youthink about it logically the two are very much intertwined with that 3%seemingly ruining the whole country for both hard working blacks andwhites.Political Correctness Culture has gone way too far. What ever happened to "Sticks and Stones will break my bones but wordswill never hurt me?" Now it's "I can sue over Sticks and Stones as well as words now! YAY!" If you think this is in ANYWAY helping your country progress as apeople, you are very much mistaken, we are becoming a world of childrenin adult bodies, where everything is offensive to everyone and freespeech is no longer free but heavily censored.It's a sick, weak way to live, we have lost our nuts and have turnedinto a bunch of sissies, running to the teacher to tell on everyone foreverything for that little pat on the head that gives us a feeling ofimportance, the same feeling we use to brainwash children to believingall this garbage.I'm sick of being called a racist and a bigot for bringing up theOBVIOUS problem, it's been staring us in the face for years now but noone wants to acknowledge it, because apparently if you have a minoritywithin a minority (especially of victimised mentalities) who areruining it for everyone, but they happen to be black, then bad luck!Everyone has to suffer because of these 3% who ruin it for their ownrace and every other race living in that country.It really is disgusting. Terrible movie, Terrible generation. I guess that's why it is sobeloved.