By creating Get Out, director Jordan Peele has created the perfectrecipe for a great sleeper hit for moviegoers tired of the usualJanuary to February duds. Start with a great psychological horrorthriller, add a little bit of comedy, a dash of social commentary, andtop it off with a healthy amount of gore. Then combine this perfectrecipe with a breakout lead performance from Daniel Kaluuya as Chrisand a hilarious supporting performance by Lil Rel Howery as Chris' bestfriend. Peele gives the world its first glimpse of his immense skill asa director. He guides the audience through a film that keeps youguessing after every twist and turn. The story of Get Out starts out familiar enough for everybody who hasbeen in a serious relationship. Chris and Rose (Allison Williams) havebeen together for six months and are going away for the weekend to meetRose's parents. Chris is cautious about the idea of going since he isblack and Rose is white, but she doesn't see it as a big deal.Eventually, Chris gets the idea that something about the family andhouse is not right. From here the story starts to speed up, takingtwists and turns to keep the audience guessing as to what is reallygoing on. This is the part that Peele, also the writer, handles the best. Hemakes a new psychological horror film where you don't know how it willend until it does. There is also the added bonus of raunchy comedymixed throughout, most of which comes from Howery's character, who isalmost too proud of his job as a TSA agent. Peele's experience as acomedy writer/actor on his hit partner sketch show Key and Peele allowshim to handle the horror comedy element with ease. Every scare iseffective and every humorous moment is truly funny, and both make thefilm even more enjoyable. Peele describes this movie as a "socialhorror" and you can tell why he describes it that way. The whole waythrough the film, every confrontational or shocking moment is connectedto racial differences between Chris and his hosts. When I heard this, Iwas skeptical of how that element would fit in with horror and comedy.Luckily for me, and the audience, the moments that send a message arelike small little jabs to make you think and aren't ham-fisted at youthe entire time.And what is a horror movie without some gore to make the squeamish lookaway for a couple seconds? The film holds back with extreme violenceuntil the end and then lets it all loose with a fifteen- minutesequence that delivers on everything and more that the audience wasexpecting throughout the beginning and middle build-up phases. Driving this movie along just as well as the writing and directing isthe terrific lead performance of Kaluuya as Chris. We've seen a smalldose of his talent in a supporting role in the critically acclaimed2015 film Sicario. In his first leading role, he is required to playall types of emotions and tackles each one with the skill of a veteranactor who has been working for decades. The camera is pressed up rightnext to him several times throughout the film, allowing the audience tosee every detail and emotion. By doing this flawlessly, we areimmediately connected to Chris as a character because we are goingthrough this experience just as blind as he is. We are just as confusedand uneasy about the situation and hope he gets out of this safely.For every horror protagonist in need of help, there is the best friendon the outside that will stop at nothing to see them safe again. LilRel Howery as Chris' best friend Rod will definitely go down as one ofthe best supporting performances of the year. He is the only charactercarrying the comedy element of the film, but he doesn't need any helpsince he steals practically every scene. At the end of it all, Jordan Peele as the director of his ownbrainchild is the primary reason this movie works so well. He puts alot of confidence in his cast, positioning the camera for multipleclose-ups during the most important scenes, the biggest example wouldbe the poster shot of Chris with tears down his face. Peele alsoinfuses symbolism into multiple shots through the movement of thecamera and the colors being presented, giving slights hints to theaudience. Finally, he allows the film to flow together well and notfeel disjointed between the multiple boxes this movie tries to check.The comedy and horror remain interluded the entire time, which raisesthe quality of each by playing off the other. Get Out is one of the best and most important films of the year that isable to both entertain and teach us about present-day issues. It shouldbe on everyone's radar. By the end of the year, I expect to see it onmany critics and fan lists as the most entertaining and liked film of2017.