Christopher Nolan. That name alone has the star-power of an actinggiant. A name that once heard, turns the heads of an audience, whetherit be a superhero movie, a science fiction epic... or a war drama, atypical moviegoer (even those less cinema-savvy or those who lack thetraits of a "cinephile") will instantly be attracted to his movie athand. We saw this with 'Inception', we saw this with 'Interstellar',and now we're seeing this with 'Dunkirk'. And my God, what a film itis. No film is truly flawless, but if a war film comes close to it,it's Nolan's new epic that does so.We've seen the tale of Dunkirk undertaken several times on screenbefore, whether back in the 1950's or during that stunning and sweepingshot in 'Atonement', but none have come close to the realism, thegrittiness and the intensity that 'Dunkirk' bestows upon the audience.The tale of a retreat that was seen as heroism, wait what? Yes, youread that right, the retreat at Dunkirk became one of World War II'sgreatest tales of heroism in the face of adversity. How Churchill hadasked to ensure that at least 30,000 troops made it home... that numberinstead came in at a steady 300,000, and not just British soldiers.French, Belgians and some Dutch, it was a tale of spectacle that trulyrequired an honest account from an auteur capable of bravuradirection... well that auteur is Nolan.We're all now used to Nolan's use of non-linear storytelling, and onceagain he utilises his famed formula to stunning effect, with threestories, each from the land, sea and air, all focusing on a differenttime frame, but effectively intersecting throughout. Our three heroesare newcomer Fionn Whitehead (land), Mark Rylance (sea) and Tom Hardy(air), each providing near-flawless performances. Lacking of actualdialogue, the sequences instead thrust the audience into a world ofvisual splendour and build the narrative through the use of sound andperil, the haunting and deafening sounds of diving Stukas, the rippingroar of the Spitfire's engine and the sudden silence, building toimpending doom. The sound is this film's highlight, with Hans Zimmerreturning once more to unleash yet another stunning score. Now, thecinematography, well what can I say? Hoyte Van Hoytema, take a bow, theimagery is both stark yet beautiful, its gritty yet serene, itsclaustrophobic yet sweeping... it's utterly encapsulating, from theopening shot, it draws you in, it takes you to that beach, it placesyou in the thick of it, and all the while avoiding the sight of theactual enemy in person, they're just lingering, unseen to the nakedeye.One side note that I'd love to delve into is Harry Styles, wow what ashocking achievement. Alike Heath Ledger as The Joker, Nolan has turnedan unlikely cast member into someone of true talent.In the 17 years of cinema-going during my life, I have seen some trulyamazing movies, some that completely stunned me, many of which havebeen by the director at hand, including a fantastic IMAX experience of'Interstellar', but never before have I left the cinema so awestruck,so silenced by the intensity of a movie. 'Dunkirk' isn't a typicalmovie, it isn't your typical war movie, this is more, much more. Thisis a film about the prevalence of heroism, the prevalence ofBritishness, and how fear can strike drive and willpower into a humanentity. This is a visual masterpiece, it is more than a movie, it's anexperience, and one that should be witnessed by all!