I was totally blown away by "Get Out". This is one of the best turns byan actor behind the camera I have ever seen (Jordan Peele). Probablythe timely social commentary is going to loom heavily when discussingthe film; however this shouldn't conceal the fact that this is amasterclass cinematic work that has been thought out to the very lastdetail; it knows what it wants to say and how to say it, balancingwildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clichés with stylisticbravura. Of course everything stems from a rock solid script, where theplot points are cunningly engineered, and then fleshed out in adisciplined and take no prisoners kind of way. There is much to admireand enjoy here, including some surreal imagery that is as stunning asit is disturbing, always serving a purpose within the narrative; thereare also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at themasters that came before (Kubrick and Wes Craven, specially). The plotinvolves one of those frequently visited "fish out of the water" typeof settings where it's up to the director to make the most out of it.Which fortunately is the case here, since you get plenty of realcharacter development and a tight, innuendo ridden dialogue that reallygets under your skin. All this, together with the inspired camera work,contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole. Kudosto all the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise,considering that it could have totally backfired in less confidenthands. Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematicparanoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriatelyreflects the political times we are living in. And make no mistake,this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches; if youthought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scaresyou will get more than you bargained for. "Get out" will shock yousilly and will make you think. Then you will want to watch it again andtry to figure out how he pulled the trick.