A female FBI agent teams with a veteran game tracker to investigate abizarre murder on a remote Indian reservation. Director TaylorSheridan. Stars Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen as the FBI agent.Viewed at Cannes, 2017, where it won the Best director award in the UnCertain Regard sector.Rape and murder on the reservation with Jeremy Renner really cominginto his own as a not particularly handsome leading man. Very strong asthe predator hunter with high powered rifle on high speed snowmobile.The picture opens with a long sequence of a woman running barefootacross a vast nighttime snowscape until she finally drops dead.Eventually we will find out that she was brutally gang raped and wasfleeing for her life. Reservation great white hunter, Renner, starts aninformal investigation on his own. An FBI agent, (Olsen) is called into assist with the investigation. A junior woman agent is all the FBIcares to spare for this case, obviously regarded as unimportant becausewho. cares about Indians! But, since only the FBI has police authorityon Indian reservation territory they have to make at least a tokencontribution to the investigationAt the end of this snowy subzero nail biter, Renner having tracked downthe main rapist subjects the now wounded and fleeing central SOB to amost satisfying form of vigilante justice -- making him crawl on hisbelly bloodied and barefoot in the snow to a hideous painfully slowdeath -- the same kind of death the multiple rape victim at thebeginning had to endure. The fetching female FBI agent called in on thecase (Elizabeth Olsen) provides a slightly romantic angle to anotherwise edgy all male Indian reservation thriller. Beautiful snowymountain photography throughout is more than noteworthy. Overall one ofthe best films of the Cannes week.Kudos to director Taylor Sheridan and all others involved in thisremarkable outdoor production. This Weinstein brothers prod was filmedin Utah although the setting is supposedly Wyoming on the Wind RiverReservation. An added reality perk, real Indians, not Hollywoodpalefaces, portray the Native American characters. And do it so well!The Wind River Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation for theEastern Shoshone and Northern Arapaho tribes of Native Americans in thecentral western portion of the U.S. state of Wyoming. The entrance tothe Wind River Reservation is the small town of Lander, Wyo. which isactually seen in one brief scene, but the magnificent mountainsnowscapes we see are all in Utah. Geographical poetic license. Highlyrecommended off-beat scenic thriller with highly satisfying retributionat the end.