Groundhog Day had an arrogant man trapped in a small town on the sameday until he learned to appreciate those around him. Edge of Tomorrowhad Tom Cruise repeating an alien invasion until he could figure a wayto win it. Today's movie has someone repeating not just their birthday,but the day that they are killed by a psychopath. I've mentioned beforethat on paper, time loop stories are a great way to get to know theperson suffering the consequence of reliving the day. On camera, thetrick is harder as the story has to remain consistent without being toorepetitive. The idea of someone having to repeat their birthday is an interestingone, considering that the older one gets, the less they care about theday that celebrates that. It may be a morose notion, but it's about thecollege age in which people would rather draw attention on thecelebration rather then the number factor. I myself celebrated mythirtieth by taking a vacation and having dinner with the family. Themovie not only gives us a character who could care less that she has abirthday, but an extra layer that I wont give away. So Happy Death Daymay have a little extra for the time loop story. A snobbish college girl Theresa (played by Jessica Rothe) wakes up inthe dorm room of fellow student Carter (played by Israel Broussard).Though he tries to make small talk, she leaves to go back to hersorority. She spends the day being rude and pretentious to everyoneincluding her roommate Lori. She's also the other girl in an affairwith her professor and even ignores her fathers invitation to abirthday lunch. On her way to a party, she is stalked by a hoodedfigure wearing her school's mascot image as a mask. She is killed?butwakes up the same morning?in the same dorm room of Carter.She initially dismisses the previous night as a dream and goes on herday again?only to get killed. When she realizes she's repeating thesame day over and over, she's suggested to use that time to followpotential suspects. Each day ends in death and summons her back to thebeginning, but the twist is that with each day, she is growing weakerfrom the injuries. So despite the safety of the time loop, there seemsto be a clock that is getting closer to midnight as Theresa is tryingto solve her murder.The whole time loop formula has been done before, but I like how HappyDeath Day has used it in a horror context. Did it generate a scarymovie? Well? I'd say that while it's shot in a suspenseful tone, itdoesn't generate that many scares. I'd argue that the tone is not evenfull horror, but I'll get to that in a moment. But going back to it'suse on the time loop, I think they did it well. I also like that theyestablish that her body is still vulnerable to damage from the murders,otherwise it would seem like there were no consequence. I'll say that I really enjoyed Jessica Rothe in the lead. For someonewho initially has to start the film in an unlikable manner, she carriesthe story and really makes you want to see her redeem herself. What the marketing seems to hide is that Happy Death Day is a partcomedy. While I'm no sure why the trailers didn't want to spoil thatnotion, but I laughed more then I thought I was going. Because the filmis still trying to be scary, it does suffer from inconsistency. I thinkit would have made sense to try and be a little more funny, somethingin the vein of Evil Dead or Drag Me to Hell. That would at leastjustify the PG-13 rating that is hindering this story of it's fullpotential. Those hoping for a lot of blood are not going to see it.I'll also bet that the film war originally produced with an R rating,only to get cut down to try and get in a teenage audience. Come on!Teenagers are already aware of these kinds of college dangers. Theywould have been fine with an R rating.I'll give this six red birthday candles out of ten. Happy Death Dayfeels like a great movie that was edited by cowards who thought theyknew what was best. I doubt ill see this again as it is, but I'll be onthe lookout for a directors cut. Maybe that'll add back in that extraviolence and jokes that are apparently too much for the studio