It was a fantastic coincidence this film came out close to when I wascelebrating my 30th birthday, the trailer for this scary movie lookedgreat, a cross between Groundhog Day and Scream, "Groundhog Slay" ifyou like, from Blumhouse Productions (Insidious, Whiplash, Get Out), soI was really looking forward to it. Basically Teresa "Tree" Gelbman (LaLa Land's Jessica Rothe) wakes up on her birthday, Monday 18thSeptember, in the dorm room of classmate Carter Davis (IsraelBroussard) following a heavy night of drinking. Tree leaves and spendsthe day being self-centered, dismissive and condescending to her fellowclassmates and previous hook-ups, ignores calls from her father, throwsaway a cupcake made by her roommate Lori Spengler (Ruby Modine,Matthew's daughter), and is having an affair with her professor GregoryButler (Charles Aitken). That night, Tree is heading to her "surprise"birthday party, when she is lured into a tunnel, there she is murderedby a hooded figure wearing a baby mask, the campus mascot. Tree wakesup in the morning, in the same dorm as before, and the previous day'sevents repeat, unnerved Tree relives the same day again, but avoids thetunnel. Instead she returns to the sorority house for her party, Treeenjoys herself and quickly hooks up with her classmate Nick Sims(Blaine Kern III), but the masked killer is there, he murders Nick,then kills her. Tree is terrified to find herself repeating events allover again, she is trapped in a time loop, she avoids her death thistime by barricading herself in her room, but she is murdered again whenthe killer was hiding in the bathroom. During the next loop, Tree tellsher story to Carter, he suggests she take advantage of the loop, make alist of all the suspects to figure out who is trying to kill her, shespends the next few loops following suspected students, all of whichend up with her murdered as she stalks the wrong person each time. Treealso takes advantage of her situation and enjoys the reactions ofeveryone seeing her walk around the campus completely naked. On thenext loop, Tree passes out following her previous death, beingbludgeoned by a baseball bat, she is taken to hospital where she findsshe has retained damaged from her other murders. Then she finds herselfchased by the killer again through the hospital, until she escapes inButler's car, while driving at high speed she is pulled over by apolice officer, she volunteers to be arrested to avoid being killed,however the killer shows up and blows her up with leaking gas and amatch. Waking up in Carter's bedroom again, Tree convinces him of thepredicament knowing a number of events before they happen, going to arestaurant, she admits she doesn't like who she's become, includingbeing distant from her father, since the death of her mother threeyears ago, they shared the same birthday. Tree sees the local newsbroadcast report, that serial killer Joseph Tombs (Rob Mello) is beingheld in the hospital, she concludes he is the masked killer. Tree racesto the hospital to warn of Tombs' escape, the killer breaks free andnearly kills her, Carter follows and ends up killed by Tombs, Tree ischased into the bell tower, realising Carter will remain dead if shedoesn't restart the loop, she hangs her from the tower. During the nextloop, Tree spends her time righting the various wrongs she has caused,ending her affair with Dr. Butler, and meeting her father David (JasonBayle) to resolve their situation. That night, Tree prepares to stopTombs, he has the upper hand, but uses the knowledge of a blackout todisarm him and shoot him to death, she relieved to finally be free, andcelebrates her birthday in her room, eating Lori's cupcake. However,the next morning, Tree is horrified to be waking up on her birthdayagain, killing Tombs did not stop the time loop, she is distraught andreturns to her room to run away. Lori is there to offer her the cupcakeagain, Tree realises she died in her sleep, she never consumed thecupcake before, she realises Lori is the real killer, the cupcake ispoisoned, and had access to Tombs with her job in the hospital. Loriconfesses that she was jealous of Dr. Butler having an interest inTree, the two fight, Tree manages to stuff the cupcake into Lori'smouth, before kicking her out of the window, she falls to her death.Tree and Carter reflect on the day's events back at the restaurant, heoffer her his room for the night, and comments that her situation isthe movie Groundhog Day. Tree wakes up the next morning, she believesshe is in another loop when the first few events repeat, but thenCarter tells her it is Tuesday 19th September, he pranked her, she ismad for a moment, but then they relax and kiss. Also starring RachelMatthews as Danielle Bouseman, Phi Vu as Ryan Phan, Laura Clifton asStephanie Butler and Ramsey Anderson as Keith Lumbly. Rothe is wellcast as the college student who has so many flaws that there are plentyof people who would want to kill her, the time loop format has beendone before in various genres, thrillers like Source Code and sci-filike Edge of Tomorrow, this is one of the first in the scary moviecategory. It is not really that scary, it has the odd small jump andcreepy element, but it is very witty, satirical with the campussetting, and making obvious jokes about its own slasher movie format,it is just an enjoyable popcorn movie and crowd pleaser, perfect ifcelebrating your birthday as well, a fun horror. Good!