If you've seen any of Taylor Sheridan's previous work, you probablynoted that he has a certain style. He tells stories about ways of lifein dilapidated regions of the country. He blurs the lines between "goodguys" and "bad guys," instead framing the status of the selected regionas the truest villain. What's right and wrong, considering all theunique variables of each story, is not always clear. At least, that wascase in Sicario and Hell or High Water. In Wind River, the region is still presented with all the strain thatis causes on the lives of its residents, but a much more obviousvillain is revealed before the movie is over. Hell of High Water frames the crumbling economy of a certain Texasregion as the real source of evil, rather than any characters. Whereasin Wind River the source of evil is definitely the rapist. I mean, therapist attempts to blame the cold and silence, but his actions wereclearly much worse than bad weather. Sheridan's previous films also left doubt about who were the heroes,who the audience should be rooting for. This time it was much lessambiguous?they were the people searching for the rapist.An emerging theme in Sheridan's movies appears to be Tarantinoesqueeruptions of violence, sometimes near the conclusion. They don't alwaysreach the levels of the Django Unchained shootout, but Sheridan clearlyisn't shy about showcasing the unforgiving damage that can be inflictedby firearms. Complaints, I have a few. On more than one occasion, I legitimatelycould not understand what a character had said, so I was left wonderingif I missed something important. I'm not sure if this manner ofspeaking was a choice made by the actors or if this was a decision madeby Sheridan to establish a certain tone. Either way, I could have usedless mumbling. The other complaint that I have, and this is more serious, the middlethird of the movie felt like it contained a lot of empty moments. Thismay or may not have been related to the times that I couldn'tunderstand what a character said. Still, the movie could have used abit of its fat trimmed. It wasn't as crisp and clean as Hell or HighWater and Sicario. And I know I keep comparing this movie to Sheridan'sothers, but that's bound to happen when a writer sets the bar so highwith two gems.On the whole, I consider this a success for Sheridan in his directorialdebut. I'd happily watch another story of his about justice and anoverlooked culture.