It's Groundhog Day, but with murder. What a wonderful premise.The main character, Tree (short for Teresa, she doesn't come from ahippie family with a brother named Root) wakes up with a massivehangover and a foggy recollection of the previous evening. She stumblesout of the dorm of some guy she doesn't remember from last night andheads back to her Sorority house before carrying on with a typical dayin her life. We see very quickly that Tree does not treat people verywell. Every passing interaction ends with her making the other personfeel worse.That night she walks to what she doesn't yet realize is her surprisebirthday party. On the way, she is startled by someone wearing a schoolmascot mask, which is a baby (no, seriously; the school's nickname isthe babies). This baby mask wearing stranger gruesomely kills Tree.Then BOOM she wakes up in the same dorm to live the same day all overagain because this movie is the birthday murder version of GroundhogDay. On this second time through her day, we watch a little moreclosely. We see every person as a suspect, every detail as a clue.Eventually she tells the dorm room guy, who is named Carter, about herwhole day repetition murder nightmare. He suggests that she use herunlimited lives to figure out who her killer is, which she does withlimited to zero success in sometimes hilarious and sometimes terrifyingways.At this point, we're about an hour into the movie and it is fantastic.It's sharp, moves at a brisk pace, and delivers an ideal balance ofscares and laughs. Then everything begins to unravel.The plot endures an infuriating twist. All the interactions and detailsof her day now seem like a waste of time. I begin to wonder if any ofwhat I watched was actually evidence that could lead us to the killer.What first appeared as the work of a master craftsperson now seems tobe haphazard and meaningless filler between Tree's morning wakeup andnightly death.The ending attempts to clean up the mess, but the damage has been done.I'm left with a rather interesting question?how much can I like a moviethat entertained me endlessly for first 2/3, but aggressivelydisappointed me in the final third? My answer: not very much. Like Isaid, the damage had been done. This wreckage could not be salvaged.On a lighter note, Jessica Rothe shines as Tree. She's believable inall facets, which is much more than can be said about the rest of themovie. Despite the misfire in execution of the final 30 minutes, Istill love the premise. I would jump at the chance to see anotherGroundhog Day style movie.Ultimately, my grave mistake was thinking. If you see this movie, whichI think I would actually lightly recommend, don't think about it toomuch and don't try to figure out who is Tree's killer. Just watch,scream, laugh and repeat.