It seems to me that the days of original plot lines are behind us.Every scary movie today follows the same basic formula: Jump scares +string music + cliché plot devices = the next #1 blockbuster movie.Unfortunately for me, "Happy Death Day" followed this formulaperfectly. The plot was taken from Harold Ramis' 1993 hit film"Groundhog Day" almost directly, the only noticeable difference beingthe genre twist from comedy to horror.Both films start out with a rather unlikable main character; Phil in"Groundhog Day", and Teresa in "Happy Death Day", are both rude or evencruel to those around them, including the eventual love interest.Slowly the love interest grows on them until they end up falling inlove. Both films even have a very similar montage in which the maincharacter goes through the day over and over trying anything andeverything to get it to stop looping, even going so far as to lose allinhibitions and doing as they please for a day. Aside from the obvious plagiarism of "Groundhog Day", the antagonist in"Happy Death Day" leads the viewer astray, and the Scooby-Doo-likereveal at the end of the movie feels forced. Throughout the manyrepetitions you get the feeling that some kind of supernatural being iskilling Teresa. Because of how unnaturally fast the masked killer movesin certain scenes, as well as how easily Teresa is followed, it feelsas if she is being haunted. There were many hints leading you towardsblaming the wrong character, and the final reveal felt like it was donemore for the shock factor than to follow the plot. Another point that bothered me was how lax the movie was aboutfollowing up on its own plot. There is added tension towards the middleof the film when Teresa finds out that she is negatively affected bydying repeatedly, and is coming back weaker every time she repeats theday. This tension is immediately lost, when the next day she wrestles afully grown man and comes out on top, and then again, in the lastscene, is able to kick her killer out a window. The cheap ploy foradded conflict is unnecessary and does nothing for the film other thanpad the run time.On the topic of things added that were unnecessary for the plot, I haveto touch on the affair she's having with her chemistry professor. Thehandsome British professor has little reason to even be in the movieaside from being another way for Teresa to become a better person bythe end of the film when she breaks it off with him. All in all, "Happy Death Day" brings yet another formulaic horror film,string music and all, to the box office. If you're looking for a cheapscare this Halloween, "Happy Death Day" can provide that for you. Itcertainly won't be winning any awards for creativity, but it could bevaguely entertaining for those who don't care for originality and don'tmind needless romantic subplots.