Happy Death Day is the first slasher movie I can think of that we'vehad in theaters for a while (I don't know if I can count Hush, sincethat was a two-hander for the most part and was Netflix), or... no, Ithink I can think of a few others if I try, but the problem is much ofthe horror movie product put out by Hollywood is PG-13. There are someexceptions, but for the most part it's ghost story stuff and Jump-ScareCentral. The pleasant thing about Death Day is that it's more concernedwith the characters, and it gets those right - or, at least, it givesus a likable heroine who has an arc - and while the movie had itsflaws, it does as well as it can as far as being a (somewhat bloodless)PG-13 slasher in a time when any slasher at all is hard to come by. Itmay have over-stayed its welcome as a genre, but any kind of movie donewell is welcome for my eyes and ears.The key thing with this movie is that it takes its concept: Groundhog'sDay in a modern college setting, with the Bill Murray a bitch-ishsorority girl Tree (Jessica Rothe) who has a sour relationship with herfather and most everyone around her, and who happen to know theworst-kept secret around that it's her birthday, all leading up to herbeing killed by a guy in a creepy big-baby-man mask. She wakes up inthe same hungover state she woke up in the day before, and it's thesame day again... why is this happening? What's the cause? Wisely, thefilmmakers don't explain it - what would work here that could beplausible (Edge of Tomorrow found a way, but that involved giant alienswith day-looping blood or something) - and instead it becomes about herjourney in discovering herself and that, as the saying goes, we canchange one day at a time.It's a high concept movie, the kind that Hollywood (for better and/orworse) made more of in years gone by, and it's anchored by a fun,entertaining and dramatic turn by Rothe; she can do anything that'sthrown at her, and she makes the funny lines and reactions click(including, here and there, an accent or two) and when she has to getintense she carries that as well. When it comes time to reveal thekiller, it almost seems too obvious, or too much like a Bob out of TwinPeaks thing, and yet... it works precisely because of that, like thefilmmakers said, 'Well, it's not really about the killer, it's aboutTree (damn that's a silly name, but I digress), and how she,eventually, goes from doing things each time she wakes up in herrebooted state that don't work to learning from her mistakes and trying(a little late in the game, but better late than never) to become abetter person), that counts.It's actually a good message to give to younger audiences, whoobviously are the main draw for this even more than horror buffs whohave been around the block with slashers (again, compared to some ofthe stuff from the 80's this is very tame - I'd almost call it like anMTV movie when all's said and done, though for what it's worth I meanthat as a compliment, I guess), that being a decent person in thistime, 2017 especially, is important. The problem with the movie isperhaps more on my end, but I'm not so sure: as the movie goes along, Istart to find some logic gaps, or more precisely things that Tree doesthat I didn't buy that, someone who clearly has some intelligence abouther, wouldn't do sooner. By the time, for example, she thinks to have aweapon or two to defend herself, or decide to, I dunno, try to runaway, it's very late in the story (honestly, I know there's asupernatural component to this all, however vague that is, but the factthat she doesn't at least try to haul ass out of town seems incredibleto me).But I could dismiss most of the flaws in parts of the logic or littlemoments that didn't work because of how efficient the filmmaking is;the writing moves us along at a quick clip with the pieces of thestorytelling being things we can latch on to (nothing is *too*frivolous, if that makes sense), and the direction is slick enough andoften creative in its low budget, that I was along for this girl'sjourney as she uses her multiple lives this way and that. What botheredme the most was the "twist" that comes up in the final reel; Iunderstand why they felt to throw that in there, but I didn't buy itand it comes at a point where the movie feels like it's over.Ironically, I wish there had been a little more running time put toshowing her finding herself in her repeat-times, or a little morediscovery of her being s***ty to people (she kind of realizes it at the2/3rd's mark, it works but not as well as if it had come just a fewscenes earlier). But it's this twist that... I dunno, it screams ofbeing a studio note.But this is a slickly made and entertaining picture for the masses, andit takes a concept that's not over-done but is familiar for thosewho've seen it (and, however you think this touch works or not, theymention Groundhog's Day, albeit at the *very end* of the movie, almostlike a Loony Tunes wink at us all) and gives it some fresh life. It'snot amazing, but it's not anywhere near an embarrassment. It'ssometimes fine, other times better than fine, and it earns itstheatrical release.