The first thing you need to do is ignore any positive review of thisfilm. There is no doubt in my mind that most if not all of these werewritten by persons connected with the film in some way. This movie isutterly AWFUL! Now, I cannot deny that Christopher Landon and Scott Lobdell are meeklyinnovative in unraveling this tale, but this is not enough to save thefilm. Sure, Happy Death Day will be able to score numerous jumps onpeople who don't watch horror movies for a living, but how hard isthat. Sorry, I'm not trying to be condescending to anyone. I pride myself onmy stolid nature, and I have little in the way of a life. I assume thatyou do, and it is my hope in writing this that I may prevent yourwasting time and money in the name of Happy Death Day. You see, I'mmuch like many of you. I slave day in and day out beneath the yoke ofmundane tasks simply so that I can continue to do so. When the weekends, I need the escape that the cinema often provides. When the escapeis inadequate, I take it personally. In the case of Happy Death Day, Ifound myself wanting to escape the very showing of the film itself.Sure, I could have left, counted my loss and been a better man for it,but I persisted. Why? I did it for you. In theory, I wasted my time soyou will not. Please, do not render my sacrifice vain. If you must seesomething, theaters usually boast many options. I guarantee that HappyDeath Day is the worst option that exists at the present time, at leastin my town. Happy Death Day is peppered with characters that do naught but remindme of people I hated in college, or, at least, ½ dimensional cardboardcutouts of those people. Jessica Rothe's protagonist, Tree, isthoroughly unlikeable from beginning to end, even after she undergoesher Hallmark-esque epiphany. I hope I didn't spoil the obvious. In anycase, Rothe's performance is utterly forgettable, and, in my opinion,Landon could probably have replaced her with any mildly attractivebarista in the region and achieved the same result if not better. Notonly did I want to strangle Tree every time she opened her mouth, but Ialso wanted to strangle myself for buying the seat. Perhaps you wonder why I did not go into specifics. There really are nospecifics, it's just bad, there was nothing good. It's a roller coasterride, but not a good one; it was like one of those traveling midwaycoasters that give you whiplash and have you fearing for your life. Iwas waiting for Scooby, Shaggy and the gang to pull up in the MysteryMachine and help Tree discover who's killing her. THAT would have madefor a better film. Plus, if you are intent on seeing it, who am I tospoil it. Lastly, when did a female's bare upper back begin to qualify as partialnudity? Did I miss something? I guess, technically, they're not lying,bare skin is nude skin, but, for those of you who might have beenhoping for something more pulse inducing, there's nothing for you onthis front either.