Greetings again from the darkness. When we think of public figuresretiring, we typically accept that athletes, politicians andentertainers will no longer be honing their craft or grinding in theirprofession. Perhaps they will write their memoirs, or even dodge TMZcompletely by spending their days fishing or playing golf. When Oscarwinning film director Steven Soderbergh announced he was "retiring"from making movies after his 2013 SIDE EFFECTS, he simply transitionedto television (excellence in "The Knick"). Most of us assumed it wasonly a matter of time until he returned to the medium that made himfamous. This "retirement" lasted less than 4 years.When a line in the film describes it as "Ocean's 7-11", we can assumethis is Mr. Soderbergh admitting that his "Ocean's" trilogy was theinspiration for this comedy-satire heist film focusing on awell-planned crime by a team of siblings, rednecks and convicts.Channing Tatum, Adam Driver and Riley Keough star as the Logan clan ?Jimmy, Clyde, and Mellie, respectively. With NASCAR as the target, theLogans are joined by the Bangs: Sam (Brian Gleeson), Fish (Jack Quaid),and Joe (a scene-stealing bleached blonde Daniel Craig).Joining in the unconventional Hicksville fun are Katie Holmes and DavidDenman as Jimmy's ex-wife and her new husband, a recently shornSebastian Stan as a race car driver, Seth MacFarlane as an obnoxiouslyrich blow-hard, Katherine Waterston in a too-brief role as a travelingmedic, Hilary Swank as a determined FBI Agent, and Dwight Yoakum as aprison warden who rarely admits a problem. Also playing a key role isthe music of John Denver ? a move that teeters between tribute andpunchline.The set up and characters lend themselves to more laughter than weactually experience. There are more awkward moments than hilariousones. As examples, brother Clyde's (Driver) artificial hand is thecenter of focus on a few occasions, as are Joe Bang's (Craig) expertisein science, and the small town West Virginia addiction to child beautypageants. Their racetrack robbery plan is both ingenious andpreposterous, which is also a fitting description of the film.A writing credit goes to "Rebecca Blunt", which in keeping withSoderbergh's tradition, is a pseudonym (or nom de plume) for an unnamedwriter (likely Soderbergh himself). The film mostly succeeds indelivering the opposite of the traditional Ocean's slickness, and it'sentertaining to watch Channing Tatum and Daniel Craig (the credits listhim as "introducing Daniel Craig) having such a good time on screen.While it doesn't deliver the laughs of FREE FIRE or TALLADEGA NIGHTS,it is nice to have Soderbergh back where he belongs. Rather than aninstant classic, it's more likely to be remembered for Soderbergh'sattempt to change the movie distribution channels ? Google can providethe details if you are interested.