One of the main reasons that I began writing movie reviews is to bringattention to good, entertaining flicks that might be flying under yourradar.  Such is the case with Steven Soderbergh's latest heist flickLOGAN LUCKY.  This is an entertaining movie that moves quickly and hasmuch more under the surface than you might first think.Strongly and ably directed by Soderbergh, LOGAN LUCKY tells the storyof the "cursed" Logan family of West Virginia (Channing Tatum, AdamDriver and Riley Keough) who are facing tough times.  The solution totheir problem?  Rob the vault at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.  Theyenlist the Bang brothers (Jack Quaid, Brian Gleeson and a surprisingly,effectively funny Daniel Craig).  One problem there, Craig's characteris currently in jail.Can this group of seemingly dimwitted West Virginians pull off thecaper?  That's the fun of this movie and it's territory that Soderberghhas covered before with the OCEAN'S 11 films (there is even a callbackin this flick to those movies when someone calls the robbery OCEAN'S7/11) and he covers this territory well.  The caper is clever, yetsimple.  Soderbergh (or, rather, writer Rebecca Blunt - which isbelieved to be a pseudonym for someone else) does a clever job ofhaving Tatum's character keep a list of 10 things to think about duringa robbery and the script follows these rules, which makes things easyto follow.But, of course, in these types of films, it is the characters that make(or break) things and Soderbergh has assembled a a crew that is veryenjoyable to watch starting with Channing Tatum  (MAGIC MIKE) as JimmyLogan, a former high school and college football "legend" (at least inWest Virginia) who is having trouble making ends meet as a result of acareer ending knee injury.  Tatum does a nice job of showing us athoughtful, rounded human being under the veneer of a West Virginia"hick".  He is joined by his one-armed brother, Adam Driver, (Kylo Renin STAR WARS)  in another interesting and watchable performance andtheir sister, Mellie (Riley Keough, MAD MAX: FURY ROAD) a performer whoI knew little about before this film, but is one that I will be keepingan eye on going forward.The film picks up energy with the introduction of the Bang brothers. Dim-witted (and I do mean dim-witted) Fish and Sam Bang (anunrecognizable Jack Quaid and Brian Gleeson, son of Brendan) - who gaveme 2 or 3 strong, burst out-loud laughs and their older brother,explosives expert Joe Bang.  This was the best, most surprising part- Joe Bang is played with a continual twinkle in his eye by James Bondhimself, Daniel Craig.  You can see the danger in his eyes andmovements but you can also detect a layer of intelligence in hisportrayal, all the while keeping the "wink" in his eye that let's youknow that he (and we) are having fun.  Finally, I would be remiss if Ididn't mention Dwight Yoakim's turn as the head of the prison where JoeBang is incarcerated.  I want to see a film of Yoakim running thisprison.  There is so much story there to mine.The film isn't perfect - there is a subplot involving a NASCAR driver(Sebastian Stan - Bucky in the AVENGERS films) and his owner (a miscastSeth McFarlane) that goes nowhere and Katherine Waterston is wasted inthe "love interest for Tatum" role, but all-in-all, I had a good timeat this film and I think you will, too.It's the perfect film for a rainy Saturday afternoon, which is whatmost of Minnesota (and Texas!) will be having today.Letter Grade B+8 (out of 10) stars and you can take that to the Bank (ofMarquis)hat tothe Bank (ofMarquis)