"Logan Lucky" is a new American film from 2017 and the most recent workby director Steven Soerbergh and with works like this we can be glad hedid not actually retire as he intended to a while ago. The screenplayis by Rebecca Blunt and it is actually her very first writing credit,so a really huge project to start off you career. It runs for almost120 minutes and tells the story of two brothers planning and executinga heist while people pay attention to a nearby car race. There are manywell-known actors in here. Tatum and Driver play the central characterswhile the supporting cast is also star-studded: Holmes, MacFarlane,2-time Oscar winner Swank and Daniel Craig with platinum blonde hair.The latter was of course great fun for me as I am a big Bond fan andyou really don't get to see Craig a lot outside the franchise. And"fun" is also what this film is really all about. It does not offer anytruly great performances or deep and sophisticated character writing,but ít is a truly entertaining adventure from start to finish. You willneed a little while to understand and remember who is who as there arereally many characters part of the story here, but once you made thisconnection, it becomes a really rewarding watch. Well perhaps there isa weakness here and there and the whole concept is not too realisticand probably nothing that could have actually happened like that inreal life, but that does not take away one bit from the fun factor.It's most likely a film that will not find any slots during the mostcrucial awards ceremonies, but it is highly enjoyable and sometimesthat's worth even more. A colorful, fast and often witty work thatsucceeds thanks to the likability of the characters in it. Almosteverything was done right here and I think with the Coens in charge,this could have been one of the year's best as the story and approachwould really fit their style. The way it actually turned out it was"only" a good movie, but definitely a highly promising rookie effort byBlunt that certainly makes me curious about her future projects. 2hours certainly worth seeing. Go for it.