Logan Lucky: Sometimes You're too Clever Logan Lucky (LL) is too cleverfor it's own good. The film has some big laugh lines and a lot ofcleverness, but it is implausible to a fault. Sure, it's a work offiction, but it has to pass the the credulity test. LL fails severaltimes. The film involves a heist, a divorce, a prison break out andbreak in, car swapping, money swapping, wife swapping. Well, not thelast one. Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) is a laid off worker looking for a score.Jimmy Logan's ex-wife played by Katie Holmes is poorly written andpoorly acted. Holmes, in fact, is the worst part of the film. The characters in the film are stereotypes. Jimmy's brother, ClydeLogan played by Adam Driver, has a missing arm from fighting in Iraq.So the film makes a series of arm jokes that are funny at first andeventually play like bad schtick. Give it a rest. We get it!Daniel Craig is hilarious as Joe Bang, a munitions expert. However, hisidiot brothers were so over the top as "stupid mountain people" that itbalances out the hilarity of Craig's performance. Seth MacFarlane madea funny appearance, and I didn't even know it was him. That's a goodthing, frankly. Talk about tired schtick. While character stereotypes can be funny, they can also be cliché. Thecops in this movie were too stupid to believe and not funny. If you aregoing to make a believable heist movie, making the police impossiblystupid isn't the way to go. At least the FBI had some balls, so tospeak. One of the funniest bits in the film involves prisoners rioters whocan't have their demands met because certain books have not yet beenpublished. It's a great homage, and that's all I am going to say aboutit. I am sure a clip of that seen will appear online in a a few months.The film is both irritatingly illogical and surprisingly clever.Another run through on the script would have helped, but then again, itwasn't trying to be Game of Thrones or something. If it was, someonewould have had to die. Or did they?Rating: Rent it, if only for Craig's performance. See "Hell or HighWater" or "Heist" for a better written and more entertaining heistexperience. . Peace, Tex Shelters