OK, stop me when you've heard this one:James Bond with a dye job, Elvis' granddaughter, Magic Mike, Kylo Ren,and the son of Meg Ryan and Dennis Quaid all get together to rob theCharlotte Motor Speedway during the Coca-Cola 600.Sound strange? Add Steven Soderbergh and first-time screenwriterRebecca Blunt to that mix and you have "Logan Lucky". Jimmy Logan(Channing Tatum) is let go from his job working undergroundconstruction at the Speedway and is down on his luck. Betweensupporting his bartender brother, Clyde (Adam Driver), dealing with hisoverbearing sister, Mellie (Riley Keough), a nagging ex-wife in BobbieJo (Katie Holmes), and a daughter preparing for a Little Miss WestVirginia pageant in Sadie (Farrah Mackenzie). Jimmy and Clyde end upworking with Joe Bang (Daniel Craig), hatching a plan to break him outof prison, steal the money from the vault, and then break him back inbefore anyone realizes he is gone.Seeing all of these great actors playing West Virginians is worth theprice of admission ALONE. (Add to that Seth McFarlane working a strangeform of Australian accent as an energy drink magnate and NASCAR owner,and that mix gets even more fun.) However, this fact by itself cannotbe expected to carry a two-hour runtime that "Logan Lucky" brings withit, and that is where my issue with it comes into play. There are manymoments where I found myself laughing out loud by the completeabsurdity of what was going on, but a chunk of the third act does tendto get a bit loose before everything comes together for a strongfinish. The odd thing about it, though, is that I don't feel like theycould have trimmed that third act up to make it any more enjoyable.It's like it teetered on completely spinning out of control but keptthings just on this side of that line. This great cast does a wonderfuljob in filling those gaps, which is probably why I liked the cut whereit stood, but I could see some of the detractors' opinions here. Giventhe simplicity of its characters (on purpose), it is surprisingly a bitmore complex than it has to be (especially as it all unfolds), but itis not unrealistic to match the plan up to its principals. There isalso Hilary Swank as the FBI agent assigned to the case, but I feltthat her character was a bit rushed due to the amount of time it tookto get through the caper itself, but again, I don't know that thiscould have been cut differently to get there quicker.The best way to frame "Logan Lucky" using the tried-and-true Hollywoodformula is this: It's "Oceans Eleven" meets "The Apple Dumpling Gang"meets "Little Miss Sunshine" with a dash of "My Name Is Earl". There isactually a very funny way they are referred to in the film, but Ireally want to save that for when you actually get the chance to seeit. I truly enjoyed this film and have every intention on seeing itagain, so head on out!