Remember when a great actress gave a bad performance? I do. It was in2013's Elysium with Jodie Foster projecting acting 101 as a humanoid,secretary of defense. In Logan Lucky (my latest review), Hilary Swankdoes the same thing. The multiple Oscar winner delivers her lines in arobotic manner playing Special Agent Sarah Grayson. Now was her screentime in "Lucky's" last twenty minutes completely necessary? I'mthinking no. Anyway, Logan Lucky's story involves two brothers (played by ChanningTatum as Jimmy Logan and Adam Driver as Clyde Logan) attempting to robthe Charlotte Motor Speedway. Tatum's character has a limp in his legand Driver's character has one arm. They are almost broke, they aredown on their luck, and they really need the money. Tatum and Driver ona quest to secure many garbage bags full of dough, are surrounding by ahost of troupers. You have an unrecognizable Daniel Craig(safecracker), an unrecognizable Seth McFarlane (British businessman),an underdeveloped Katherine Waterson (love interest), and a goofyDwight Yoakam (prison Warden). Everyone sort of fades in and out of"Lucky" making it the equivalent of a holed, cinematic blueprint. Steven Soderbergh is the director of Logan Lucky and well, he can stilldo pretty much anything. His Out of Sight is different than hisSolaris. His Traffic is dissimilar from his Full Frontal. Finally, hisErin Brockovich is much more disparate from his 1999 picture, TheLimey.On a different note, Steven is also a director who hasn't made a filmin four and a half years. Supposedly, Side Effects was gonna be hisswan song. Now in present day, he comes back with "Lucky" which for allthings southern, is a drawled crime caper. Yeah it all feels toolittle, too late. Punch-drunk on the success of his Ocean's Trilogy, Soderbergh shoots"Lucky" in the vein of his Magic Mike. You can spot similar degrees ofsliding camera-work and relaxed story-boarding. He then projects LoganLucky as an Ocean's Eleven for the hick nation. Jotting between thesettings of North Carolina and West Virginia, "Lucky" is like a lesscomplex and certainly less drawn-out version of "Eleven". Logan Lucky's only hook mind you, is that it trades George Clooney andBrad Pitt for the middle class or should I say, the rural workingclass. You get to see (and hear) toilet seat horseshoes, John Denvertunes, dudes bobbing for pig's feet, and decorated cockroaches. At thesame time, you leave "Lucky" wondering why it was even made or betteryet, why Steven Soderbergh came out of retirement to make it. Heck,what was the point of it all really? Now I'm not saying Logan Lucky is a bad film because while watching it,I realized that Soderbergh hasn't lost his touch. His direction isstreamlined and assured. Added to that, his actors for the most part,deliver and he keeps the proceedings moving with a nifty, breezysoundtrack (courtesy of mainstay David Holmes). In the end though, itjust feels like his "Lucky" is a design for a flick as opposed to anactual feature. I suppose that's why things are left open for a LoganLucky sequel. Based on "Lucky's" mediocre, opening weekend at the boxoffice ($8 million), I just don't think that's gonna happen. My rating:2 and a half stars.