A few years ago director Steven Soderbergh made no secret of his waningpassion for filmmaking. He announced his intention to retire fromfeature films following the release of 2013's Behind the Candelabra andcited his desire to pursue other creative interests. Well, it may havetaken four years (and a brief stint directing TV's The Knick) toreignite his filmmaking passion, but Soderbergh proves his hand behindthe camera is as assured as ever in the rollicking heist caper LoganLucky.Aptly described by Soderbergh himself as an "anti-glam version of anOcean's movie", Logan Lucky is a return to the style of filmmaking thatmade his Ocean's trilogy box office hits. The film moves at a neatpace, features a strong ensemble cast and is packed with enough twistand turns to keep things interesting throughout its two hour runningtime. The story follows the Logan family, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) andClyde (Adam Driver) and their sister Mellie Logan (Riley Keough), whoare known for their family history of bad-luck. After loosing his jobat a mine located underneath the Charlotte Motor Speedway, Jimmy plansto pull of an elaborate heist to put the Logan's financial woes behindthem and break the family curse. With intricate knowledge of a seriesof underground tubes that run from the Speedway to a central bank vaultfilled with millions of dollars, Jimmy sees the perfect opening to robthe vault during a NARSCAR race. To pull it off, he enlists the help ofhis siblings along with bomb expert Joe Bang (a scene stealing DanielCraig) and his two brothers, Sam (Brian Gleeson) and Fish Bang (JackQuaid). The only problem: Joe's in prison. So on top of concocting aplan to steal the cash, they'll need to figure out a way to break Joeout of prison and get him back with no one the wiser. No pressure.It's a zany comedy about unremarkable characters punching well abovetheir weight but through sheer luck managing to pull things off. Halfthe fun of the film is seeing things not happening to plan but somehowworking out in the end. To its credit, the film never treats itself tooseriously and invites you to laugh along with the character's mishapsand the farcical parts of the story are frequently the funniest. Onegag involving a prison riot and a jab at Game of Thrones writer GeorgeR.R. Martin's glacial writing pace is as screwy as it is funny.For the most part, the film moves along at a nice pace. Just like inthe Ocean's films, Soderbergh (who edits his own film) employs slick,fast cut editing to keep the heist scenes interesting and involving. Healso manages to make good use of an impressive ensemble cast, with thelikes of Seth MacFarlane, Katie Holmes, Katherine Waterston andSebastian Stan all making minor but memorable appearances. And whileAdam Driver and Channing Tatum both give impressive performances, thestandout is an almost unrecognisable Daniel Craig playing blue-collarcriminal Joe Bang. An explosions expert sporting a heavy southernaccent and bright blonde hair, he's an anti-glam version of Bond if youwill. It's Craig's impeccable comedic timing that will make you wishthe Bond films would let him exercise his comedic chops a little bitmore.It's only in the last act that the film starts to feel a little playedout. The introduction of Hillary Swank as a Special Agent in the last20 minutes of the film feels a little rushed and ultimately doesn'treally go anywhere. Instead, the story continues through a number offalse endings, not entirely sure when to bring down the curtain. Overall, as the first feature to draw Soderbergh out ofsemi-retirement, Logan Lucky is clearly something he wanted to make andhis passion comes through in the final product. Produced entirely onhis own and without studio interference, Logan Lucky inverts theglamour and opulence of the Ocean's trilogy without loosing the series'trademark quirks and high entertainment value. If Logan Lucky isintended to act as sort of push-back of the Hollywood system and studiomeddling, then Soderbergh has succeeded at both proving a point andmaking you laugh while doing it.