I recently saw Logan Lucky in theaters, and to tell you the truth I wasquite pleased to see this movie. It is a very colorful film, with avery good and nice cinematography and also a very direct film in whatit is proposed. It is a heist movie, it does not try to invent thewheel, but It's a nice movie because of the experience of the director,in this genre. But at the end of the day it could have been so muchbetter. Clearly a waste.Much better, nowadays, compared to the extravaganza of Hollywood, whereoften the biggest and most exaggerated, it is never the best.It's a lot of fun, to see a lot of actors doing a really good job,especially Daniel Craig, Channing Tatum and Adam Driver, they're allgreat. The actors Hilary Swank, Seth MacFarlane and Sebastian Stan wereunderutilized. I think it's the director's personal signature, having agreat casting of famous actors in his movies. It's just annoying to seepretty good actors like Hilary Swank and Sebastian Stan reduced, littlemore than a simple cameo. And for what reason the character of HilarySwank at the end of the film, has to be the romantic couple of AdamDriver's character at his bar when everyone is drinking a drinktogether.Her character is doing an investigation into the robbery, and one ofthe suspects was the character of Adam Driver, and in the end of themovie she's going to have a drink with the suspect, what? Becauseeveryone is drinking a drink in a romantic couple, and the AdamDriver's character also needed a woman to drink. What?Some scenes are unnecessary written in the film, just to put the moviewith 2 hours on the market.In addition to the unnecessary characters and actors, this film stillmakes two beautiful sins. First, why the Logan brothers and DanielCraig's character brothers start a fight when the robbery is ending andthe security is investigating the suspected appearance of smoke in thearea, are the writers and director only setting a conflict, just tocome out into nothing in the next couple of scenes, just to put themovie with (or close to) the unnecessary 2 hours mark, which is therule of the market, in the duration of films. When you do not have astory to tell, you do not try to create unnecessary scenes, charactersor conflicts, just to create them for nothing. Do not waste time onunnecessary things. There are many great movies in the past with lessthan 2 hours, more time does not always mean more quality.The second sin of this film is the jokes involving Wikipedia and Gameof Thrones, yes, I know, the Game of Thrones show is quite a popularseries, but the way these jokes are inserted in the film, I feel thatthese scenes are even out of context . Just one complaint from me.Still with these these problems. I wish I had liked this movie better.There is clear good work done by the director in many areas of thefilm. Especially for cinematography, and for being a movie that goesright to the point. Impossible is to deny problems and some wrongdecisions. But there is no denying, there is a great loss of goodactors in this film and some stupid decisions in the movie script.At the end of the day, it's a nice movie, but the poor execution by thedirector and the poor script just leaves the movie as a weekend fun,only to be seen once, and nothing more. Clearly a poor waste of film.