(RATING: ?? out of 5 stars) GRADE: C- THIS FILM IS NOT RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: A contrived updating of a family in crisis that fails due tobad writing and absurd situations.SYNOPSIS: Using Greek mythology as its source, a father must make anultimate sacrifice.JIM'S REVIEW: Oh, those Greeks and their tragedies! They love to wallowin guilt and despair. That avant-garde wonder boy, Greek directorYorgos Lanthimos, is upon us with his latest sojourn into absurd irony,The Sacred Killing of a Sacred Deer. His independent film tries toconnect the legend of Iphigenia with a modern day family (a loftygoal), and fails miserably, despite the mostly positive reviews thatthis movie is garnering. (For those unaware with that mythologicalstory-line, let me digress: King Agamemnon is punished by the vengefulgoddess, Artemis, for accidentally killing a deer. To appease the gods,he must choose to sacrifice his eldest daughter, Iphigenia, to end hiscurse.)?This allegorical film unfolds, ever so slowly, in its tale of crimeand punishment. Dr. Steven Murphy (Colin Farrell) befriends a confusedteenage boy named Martin (Barry Keoghan). His motive and also Martin'sbehavior are bizarre from the start and we learn more of their trueconnection about a half hour into the film when the plot finally kicksin. No spoilers here, although it is quite tempting to reveal somedetails if that will persuade you to avoid this Trojan Horse. (But Iresist, nevertheless.)Up to this point, moviegoers suffer more than the film's poorly drawncharacters. Enduring the flattest of line readings and listening to theendless banalities spoken in the most unbelievable dialog one couldever experience in any motion picture, the film piles on more surrealcircumstances with the good doctor as his family's health conditionsworsen, with no possible explanation given. Now let me share a few prime examples of the film's bons mots:"If you don't stop playing games, I will shave your head and make youeat your hair. I mean it. I will make you eat your hair.""I won't let you leave until you try my tarts.""Our children are dying, and yes, I can make you some mashed potatoes."Definitely a food fetish somewhere, but let's move on...?It should be noted that the cast performs their roles with somesemblance of credibility. Mr. Farrell, a talented actor who is unafraidto take risks, is misdirected to act cold and emotionless for most ofthe film. It creates an unreal tone that undercuts the dramaticpotential of his character and the story itself. The actor finally isallowed to react in the third act and he is most effective. Mr. Keoghanis impressive and supplies the perfect foil as a nerdy yet menacingavenger. Nicole Kidman adds depth to a standard grieving mother part.As their children, Raffey Cassidy and Sunny Suljic give respectableperformance from the inanity they are handed by the director and hisco-writer, Efthymis Filippou. But it is really Mr. Lanthimos whodisappoints with his words and actions. (However, he does wisely letscinematographer, Thimios Bakatakis aim his camera and create somestrong visual images that almost hide the film's flaws...almost.)?Metaphors and heavy-handed symbolism runs rampant amid conversationabout menstruation, expensive watches, and donuts. Gratuitous nudity isalso thrown in as a wake-up call for any dozing members of theaudience. (Lest we question this already wonky plot and the directinspiration of Iphigenia, the director includes a scene mentioning theA+ grade Kim earned from her report on that very topic...subtle, it'snot.) All of this leads to a unsatisfying climax and a very dramaticbut polarizing denouncement.?That said, let me now succinctly go into the C- grade this film earnedfrom this reviewer. (Alas, if only Kim wrote the screenplay as well!)The film has adequate production values, serviceable direction, verybad dialog, a far-fetched plot, and a fine cast that is trapped in alaughable script. ?Yes, sacrifices will be made, but mostly by the movie-going audienceas they waste their precious time and hard-earned money on this dud.The Sacred Killing of a Deer is intellectually and emotionally inert.As revenge thrillers go, this artsy-fartsy misfire proves that the gods(and the filmmakers) must be crazy.