The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a new psychological movie by YorgosLanthimos the man who created Lobster and Dogtooth which were alsopretty amazing but this one takes step farther and if you appreciate agood storytelling you will be amazed how good this movie is. Moviefollows a surgeon Steven as he befriends Martin, a kid whose fatherdied on his table, and how his life will turn into a living hell.Looking from dramatic perspective of movie it was pretty good seeingmovie put all characters together and how they start to connectcreating a prefect environment for something chaotic. As movieprogressed it just kept on building momentum for that moment that willeverything start to blow apart inside pretty good lives of ourcharacters. About half of the movie things start to get down and itjust keeps to pull you inside and make you lose your mind over thingsthat are happening just leaving you speechless and in search foranswers. You slowly as time passes start to get terrified and sincerelymind blown how things are going and you are coming to the third part ofthe movie that will completely make you scream and make you not believewhat is happening and all that filled with terror and horror. Finalscene comes and you just can't believe what you watched and how it allplayed out. You need to give Yorgos a praise for screenplay and writingthat he is done because it is something special that manages to createand it will make you wonder what is there else to put to blow ourminds. Colin Farrell (Steven) was absolutely amazing, once again heshowed how good dramatic actor he is and that he is capable of someserious tasks. Nicole Kidman (Steven's wife, Anna) was also prettygreat in her passion and loving that her character puts throughoutmovie. Barry Keoghan (Martin) was incredible, in all his coolness andemotional manipulation that he provides in whole movie. There are nowords that can describe how unique this movie is and how it will playwith your mind if you fully focus your attention to details. You willwant to see this movie without any doubt. 3.5/4