Yorgos Lanthimos is one of my favourite directors, perhaps even myfavourite. His surrealist style is bold and undeniably him, as it isboth humorously absurd whilst also containing a deep-rooted and complexmessage. The Lobster would be Lanthimos' first English language filmand is arguably his best to date, the debate being whether Dogtooth isbetter. Now Lanthimos has moved from England to America with his secondEnglish language film, The Killing of a Sacred Deer. The film tells thestory of Steven, a surgeon who befriends a disturbed teenage boy onlyto find himself with an impossible ultimatum on his hands. The Killingof the Sacred Deer is very much a Lanthimos film, however, it doesn'treach the heights of Lanthimos' best work, and feels a little too muchlike an attempt of commercialisation.Don't get me wrong, Lanthimos' niche surreal style is ever-present inThe Killing of the Sacred Deer. The script is filled equally withLanthimos' hilariously direct dialogue and pointless high level ofdetail in that dialogue. As well as this, Lanthimos' signature surrealvisuals glisten through the films stunning cinematography.Cinematographer, Thimios Bakatakis, changes up his style, favouring thefish eye lens, resulting in a fantastic sense of atmosphere and analmost CCTV feel to the film. Additionally, the film's score worksbeautifully with the visuals in the film, especially with one specificgruesome metaphor. It is by far Lanthimos' best use of sound to date.All of this comes together to create Lanthimos' auteur style to whichI've come to expect in his films.This all being said, the Lanthimos stamp isn't as prominent in theKilling of a Sacred Deer. Although there are surreal moments, they arefew in comparison to Lanthimos' entire filmography. This is definitelyLanthimos' most accessible film, as the story is very simple and easyto follow, however, this is where the film falters for me, as a fan ofLanthimos' bold approach. The surreal images in the Killing of a ScaredDeer are few and far between, and unfortunately, aren't replaced withanything of paralleling interest. This is a real shame as it's theoff-kilter visuals that I've come to want, love and expect ofLanthimos' work. I can see many being bored of this film as theentertainment comes from the experimentation. As I've already said, thestory is straightforward and the surreal images are few, therefore thefilm is rather linear and "normal" for the most part. I can't help butfeel that Lanthimos is attempting to crack America with this film,almost abandoning his style along the way. He is attempting to make hisniche style mainstream which is a paradox in itself. I can almost feelLanthimos' loss of self-confidence, the pressure to make something moreconventional and realistic must get to him immensely, but his attemptto become a modern-day David Lynch falls short. Instead, he's shootinghimself in the foot Overall, the Killing of a Sacred Deer is disappointing by Lanthimos'standards. As a film it's great, but as a fan of the Greek director, Iwas let down by the lack of abstract and experimentation. The story isjust too simple for Lanthimos and the film just feels to me like acrisis of self. However, if Lanthimos' filmography wasn't already sorich with abstract ideas and experimental images, then I would probablyfind myself enjoying The Killing of a Sacred Deer a lot more than Idid. This is a multiple watch film and I look forward to giving TheKilling of a Sacred Deer a better chance.