Last Flag Flying, from its title to the author of the book to the threecentral characters to the entire milieu and even down to specificplaces (from Virginia to New Hampshire, and mostly by train), cant helpbut be compared and measured up to The Last Detail, Hal Ashby andRobert Towne's towering work of early 70s/Vietnam era tragic-comedyabout two Navy officers taking a man to the brig for a petty offense.I'm sure Linklater as a filmmaker knows this all too well, so for himthe challenge was to make it appealing to those people (like me) whohave seen TLD about a dozen times and at the same time to those whohave no idea what that is. It's a rarity in an American cinema that isdefined today largely by franchise potential and nostalgic-fetishismfor things of $ value to have a *spiritual sequel* at all, let aloneone that works. Luckily for us, Linklater hits his dramatic goldminehere with an easy and effort that seems minimal. Which, of course,makes it all the more of an astonishing feat.But here's the thing: Last Detail *is* different from this film in akey aspect- Marines. There was a line from "Badads" Buddusky in that(Nicholson, who this time is Cranston, more or less, maybe less proneto full-blown outbursts though anger is there) where he said in amoment of vocalizing his sympathy for Meadows, the poor sod off to theBrig: "Marines are assholes, you know that? It takes a sadistictemperament to be a Marine." I don't know if that was in Ponicsansoriginal Last Detail book, but I have to wonder if that was on the mindof Linklater when he changed up the characters (I believe the book is adirect followup to the original characters, and for a time Nicholsonand Freeman were sought to reprise and fill those LD rolesrespectively) - what happens when we see these 'sadistic' beings asolder men, weathered over time after decades of Vietnam having kickedtheir asses? Larry is the first name of Carrells character, also anex-brig man, though why he was put away is left carefully ambiguous,and yet he is so soft spoken... Most likely because at any moment onesuspects he might just burst into tears as, in this story, he is arecent widower and even more recent father to a slain Marine from Iraq2003. So once again its a "road movie" as Cranston's Sal and Fishburne'sMuller (close enough to Mule) are sought by Larry to help him with thefuneral arrangements, chiefly to bring the body to New Hampshire. Thisis not, of course, by the wish of the Marines who want the guy buriedin Arlington; how much the lieutenant or captain or whomever impressesthis upon Larry is striking and could seem overbearing, but that's thepoint - this is as much about the system these men have equallyembraced and have discovered is a massive hunk of s**t, so to spiel,when it comes to really reckoning with human beings. And along the waythere's a train ride where characters grow closer and joke around (itsgenuinely funny behavior too, which is so welcoming because it's bothdisarming and helps to diffuse problematic tension with a youngermarine who was Larry Jr's best friend in Iraq), and another stop off inNew York where the trio miss the train and spend a night just soakingin the city. Where Last Detail may have shown our intrepid(notantibutclose) heroes going to a party to get high and hit on girls,or get drunk or go to a whorehouse, now with a reverend in their midst(Fishburne by the way has the finest material, dramatically,comedically, everything, in so long I cant even remember) they getthese magical things called cell phones, at Sal's distinct insistence,and a stop at a diner. All of this could be too much shoved in our faces like "eh eh, rememberthat, remember this," but it doesn't work that way. This is a directorso confident in his material and his actors that the pace is perfect;it reflects this time that has to balance how Larry is still in avulnerable place (also the marine friend too who knows some things thatlead to an awkward admission in front of the captain character), buttrying to be among human beings who can genuinely comfort him and makehim laugh and also reckon with their own past ghosts. These are peoplewho exist in their own story, and the shades to the previous Ponicsanadaptation are like icing on a sweet drama cake. All the cast is excellent here, but aside from Cranston, who oneexpects will be stellar (and is, makes it seem so effortless too whenof course this takes as much character work as Heisenberg did), Carrellquietly walks away with this. He doesn't say much but that's they key:he's never not listening, even when he is a little lost in grief, andhe is easily the starkest difference from what Quaid did in TLD. Thisis someone who has nothing left but tries and actually succeeds incarrying himself with dignity (or as much as possible). Yet he can beforceful, like he is with the marines when he first sees his son andthen finds out what happens to him. Its a masters class in director andactor clicking in a way that is so quiet you almost don't notice it,and that's the key - by the end, a typical letter-discovery readingscene feels so earned. This is deeply felt, haunted, but not without a sense of humor. It'swhat I want out of movies