Grade: FRating: R, 1 hour 44 minutes of tortureIn a Nutshell: It's bad. There are moms. And it's Christmas.I'm a mom, but CLEARLY I'm not the target audience for this trashyattempt at a comedy."Christmas is, by far, the most stressful time of year for moms,"explains Mila Kunis' character. Yep. While that's very true, that's noexcuse for the horrible behavior these irresponsible, obnoxious, rudemoms engage in. Yes, extreme absurdity has long been a formula forcomedy, but 80% of the jokes in this sequel are super raunchy, and theother 10% are simply not funny.There's no talk about the true meaning of Christmas. None of the womenin this film seem to even know anything about Christ or what kind ofbehavior He expects from His followers.Uplifting theme: Mother/Daughter relationships Family is mostimportant.Things I liked: Kenny G! Christine Baranski is such a critical, evilmother. She's great in all of her movies and even sings a little inthis one. Surprise cameoThings I didn't like: The writing is terrible. None of the charactersare capable of uttering a sentence without some kind of profanity init. Lots of fighting. Why is that funny? Kristen Bell is so talented.Why would she ever want to be in such an awful movie? Oh yeah?.money.Kathryn Hahn's character is so foul. Her role was the stand-out in thefirst Bad Moms movie, so they really went over-the-top with her in thisone. Everyone is so critical of everyone else. I hate listening to kidsscream and cry in movies. Lots of slow-motion musical montages. Thesemoms sure have a lot of spare time to hang out with each other and getdrunk a lot. Instead of the "feel good" song at the end, a dirty Santadoes a strip tease in front of the entire family. Mila Kunis manages topush out a tear in what is supposed to be the big emotional scene ofthe movie, but the dialogue was uninspired and droll.Interesting Lines: "It's like a giant stress ball from Christmas to NewYears." ? Amy (Mila Kunis) "Trust me. Some day she will thank me in aninspirational speech in some large, public venue." ? Amy's mother(Christine Baranski) I laughed out loud at that line, because I thinkevery mother secretly has the same wish. Tips for parents: About 45,362 F-bombs. Even an adorable little girluses it. Other profanity and extremely crude language. LOTS and LOTS oftalk of sex, as well as imitating sex with clothes on. Moms smokemarijuana. Women kissing women. The moms commit various crimes. A bunchof Santa Clauses strip on a stage. Nude man on a waxing table (privateparts hidden). MOVIE REVIEW MOM@trinaboice