This is something that needs to be said when reviewing pretty muchevery comedy out there, but the comedy genre is subjective and manypeople don't really like when a movie is raunchy just to be funny. Thatbeing said, A Bad Moms Christmas is a sequel that improves on theoriginal in my opinion. That doesn't seem to be a very popular thing tosay about this movie, but I'm always honest about how I feel about amovie, never letting other critics decide how I should feel about afilm. I truly believe that A Bad Moms Christmas is a much funnier, moreheartfelt, and more genuine film than the original. Yes, the premiseitself is as stale as they come and the conclusion of the movie is aspredictable as ever, but if you enjoyed the raunchiness of the firstmovie, I just have to call it like I see it and say that I had a muchbetter time with the sequel, and I thought the first was fine. Here'swhy you should check out this movie if this is your type of comedy.The first movie revolved around a group of women who rebelled againstthe school system, becoming cool moms for their kids and having a blastoutside and even sometimes inside of school. Cursing and getting intohilarious antics is really what made the first movie work so well, soall I was hoping for was more of the same, but done with a little morecare. Being a holiday film, this sequel deals with having each of theirmoms over for the holidays and once again having arguments, gettinginto silly antics, and yes, a lot of cursing ensues. Quite honestly,this movie delivers for fans of the first and actually had a final actthat felt a little too familiar, but it was done well and didn't reallyfeel all that contrived to me.There is a much more emotional turn than I was expecting here. Yes,it's a holiday film and it's going to give you life lessons aboutfamily and its importance, but I was genuinely touched by a few linesof dialogue, mainly because I enjoy watching these three womenon-screen together. I know there's nothing too special about a movielike this, but there have been far worse comedies in recent memory.This year has been pretty poor in terms of delivering a solidyuck-fest, so I believe this ranks among the few good ones of 2017.Mila Kunis and Kristen Bell are great players throughout these twofilms, but Kathryn Hahn is once again the show-stealer here. Deliveringhilarious one-liners and being the raunchiest of the group, she reallydoes earn a lot of laughs from audiences. Once again, this is a veryraunchy movie and sometimes jokes are overused a little too much, butthat's why I recommend this movie to a very specific audience thatenjoys the raunchier type of humor or those who aren't offended veryeasily. If you can forgive the mean nature of many of the jokes here, Ithink you'll have a good time at the movies.In the end, A Bad Moms Christmas does literally nothing new for thegenre, but its raunchy nature, along with a great trio of leadactresses, really makes it a harmlessly enjoyable flick at the cinema.Joined by newcomers Susan Sarandon, Christine Baranski, and CherylHines, A Bad Moms Christmas makes itself out to be the unlikely holidaytreat that I don't think anyone was expecting. Yes, there are manyarguments that can be made in terms of how this has a very lacklusterpremise, but in the end, this film exists to bank off the original filmand try to get some laughs out of its audience, and I laughed theentire way through. If you just want to escape for a few laughs at thetheatre, A Bad Moms Christmas may just be your ticket.