This is both a glamorous and entertaining adaptation of Agatha'sChristie's mystery novel. There's certainly a star studded cast butperhaps the main star is the luxury train itself, the legendary OrientExpress bound from Istanbul to Calais. Black with gold crests, ithisses steam as it streaks dramatically through the Balkans. Inside areopulent interiors, intriguing compartments, gourmet cuisine, fine wines& liqueurs, and elegantly costumed passengers. Of course there's thetypical enclosed group of suspects with a murderer in their midst.The setting is 1935 and Belgian detective Hercule Poirot boards theOrient Express along with an assortment of colourful, suspiciouspassengers. One of them ends up murdered in his compartment, a mandiscovered to be a fugitive responsible (but never prosecuted) for thekidnapping some years earlier of a child that resulted in five deaths.Poirot is called upon to solve the crime, discovering that some ofthese intriguing passengers may not be who they appear but instead havelinks to this past case of kidnapping and murder.Albert Finney is convincing as the eccentric detective Poirot, with hisslick black hair and elegant little curled mustache. He plays the rolemore seriously than Peter Ustinov in Death on the Nile, another filmwith a star studded cast. I enjoy both renditions of the detective,though my favourite may be A&E's David Suchet. I have heard thatChristie herself approved of Albert Finney, but agree with herconclusion that Finney's mustache is too small! My only complaint isthe scene in which Poirot is screaming quite abusively at MissDebenham. It's out of character for this very cerebral detective.Yes, as the tag line claims, it's definitely the who's who in thewhodunit, with the passengers all portrayed by famous stars. Theseactors must have had fun with their roles. Richard Widmark portrays theobnoxious American businessman, Mr. Ratchett, with Sir John Gielgud hisperfectly cast, reserved butler Beddoes, and Anthony Perkins hissecretary MacQueen. Michael York and Jacqueline Bisset play themysterious, foreign Count and Countess Andrenyi, who act guilty as allget out. Lauren Bacall is suitably irritating as the loud, outspokenMrs. Hubbard, while Ingrid Bergman is a frightened Swedishmissionary...or is she? Bergman was a magnificent actress in manyroles, but I have to agree with some who question whether she deservedthe Best Supporting Actress Oscar here for really, quite a minor part.Sean Connery is handsome as always portraying the indignant ScottishColonel Arbuthnot, though I find him even more appealing now. Like afine wine, he simply improves with age! Vanessa Redgrave plays his loveinterest, Miss Debenham. What are these two hiding? Obviouslysomething! Of course there's an aristocratic and eccentric old dowageraboard, the proud and haughty Princess Dragomiroff, played toperfection by Wendy Hiller. You can just tell that this black clad andbejeweled lady is not telling the truth! Personally, I took a liking tothe train's French conductor, though was previously unfamiliar with theactor, Jean-Pierre Cassel.The famous locomotive is halted by a snow drift and meanwhile, Poirotis designated to solve the crime, interrogating each suspiciouspassenger in turn. The detective must summon his little gray cells toferret it all out, though I find little humour in him here. Nospoilers, but I think this is one of Christie's more clever twists.Personally, I would never have guessed the murderer if I hadn't readthe novel first. However, one of the suspects being interrogated doesgive a clue, if you're really sharp!