Remade several time, "Murder on the Orient Express" (1974) is thegrand-pappy of them all. It's stylish, fun, and has a superb cast downto the smallest parts (in this case, Vernon Dobtcheff, Jeremy Lloyd andJohn Moffatt--barely visible here, Moffatt would later play Poirot inan excellent BBC radio adaptation of this story).Before "Murder on the Orient Express" (1974) Agatha Christie's work hadnot done well on film, with the single exception of 1945's delightful"And Then There Were None." For this reason, Dame Agatha was reluctantto sign off on "Orient Express." But it's a classy vehicle (punintended) with an all-star cast who were willing to take relativelysmall parts. Most of the time, they have little to do except react toAlbert Finney's Poirot, though each of the stars is able to give a starturn at some point.Topping the list is "James Bond" himself, Sean Connery, PukkaEnglishman whose stiff upper lip is hidden by an impressive mustache.He and Vanessa Redgrave play covert lovers who may be hiding more thantheir affair, since the murder appears to be done by a man and woman intandem.Non-illicit lovers are the Count and Countess Andrenyi: Michael York,fresh off his star-making double-dipping "Three/Four Musketeers) andJacqueline Bisset, looking ethereally lovely. They're a charmingcouple, but why does she look so nervous and why is he so defensive? Isit merely his Hungarian nature? Also nervous is stereo-typicallytwitchy Anthony Perkins, secretary to the victim (all-too-brief RichardWidmark).Another odd man/woman duo is Wendy Hiller as an aging, exiled RussianPrincess and her secretary (Rachel Roberts) who boasts of being strong.Ingrid Bergman won a controversial Oscar for her Swedish missionary.This movie was made before EVERY person of faith in the movies was aweirdo, a hypocrite, a nutcase or a beast, so in 1974 she was on thecutting edge. But Bergman is able to do one thing few modern actorscan, make her faith seem sincere. But her part is, like most of theothers, a cameo, albeit a long one.The two actors with the most screen time are Martin Balsam as anofficial of the rail line who deputizes Poirot to solve the murder; andAlbert Finney's masterful job as Poirot.While his Poirot has gotten lots of derision since, especially in lightof David Suchet's television series, Finney does a superb job. Hemanages to look short and fat, and he seems to have taken Christie'swork as his Scripture. He holds his head to one side, as Poirot is saidto do. And his decor is full of oddments that make him the embodimentof Poirot. Sure, he's a lot more flamboyant than the Poirot of thepage, but his mustache is a lot more believable than Suchet's.What makes this movie so grand, however, is its look and feel. Thecostumes look like they've never been worn. They're 1930s glamourthrough and through. And, though the story centers around a murder,there's no a dark moment after the beginning (which bases itselfloosely on the Lindbergh kidnapping case). Director Sidney Lumetdescribed it as a fluffy soufflé. It's even better than that. It's fun,and funny. And scriptwriter Paul Dehn has Balsam's character have aline at the end that's even better than Christie had, as a wrap-up,about the mysterious uniform found in a suitcase.Also fun is playing connect-the-dots with the characters. For instance,Perkins and Balsam appeared together in Hitchcock's "Psycho." WendyHiller played Eliza Doolittle in the movie of Shaw's "Pygmalion"--whichwas made into a musical starring Rex Harrison, who was married toRachel Roberts. Train Conductor Jean-Pierre Cassel was the King MichaelYork's D'Artagnan served in his "Musketeers" movie. Ingrid Bergmancostarred in "Casablanca" with Humphrey Bogart, husband of LaurenBacall (Mrs. Hubbard). And so on. You can also play "Who has the bestmustache?" All the stars are enjoyable (even the rising ones; DenisQuilley's reaction shots are often priceless).With its humor, its jaunty score and its timeless "play dress-up" 1930sglamour, this "Murder on the Orient Express" is still the best.