From Sergio Leone's spaghetti Westerns to the makers of "Taken" thereis something about European productions and their set locations in amovie that makes me feel like a stranger in a strange land as anAmerican and Murder On The Orient Express has this in spades. It'sengagingly balanced by its character driven story making it moregripping and entertaining though you do have to pay attention due toits use of flashbacks in connecting the dots.I saw this movie in the theaters in '75 when I was a teen and was justtaken to another world that felt dangerous with the "you're on yourown" aspect of traveling abroad (without the traveler's diarrhea) whilerunning into some of the most quirky, creepy, eccentric and oddbehaving characters that one might expect to meet on a train in Europein the '30's. This seemingly eccentric behavior runs interference inhiding the truth about why and what would bring together on one train12 oddball characters who seem to have nothing in common. Poirot slowlyand diabolically works his way in his questioning of the 12 to make theconnections.That ensemble of convincingly cagey acting characters is what theaudience and Poirot must break through aided by effectively andobviously placed brief flashbacks to confessions and character backstory each character reveals that at first were obscured by firstimpressions. Of course Poirot humorously dismisses with smart ass andequally quirky European flare and sophistication the suspect's phonybehavior as a form of personal interrogation to rattle them in order todraw out more detail that points to the real murderer. Standouts inthis form of re-remembering what was said outside the context of firstimpressions at the start of the movie is performances by oddly pastypale complected Anthony Perkins and Ingrid Bergman's nervously, devouthumanitarian character. The performances are not from your typicalB-movie detective who done it.As a teen I was totally confused by these flashbacks and line ofquestioning even though I had read several Agatha Christie novelsincluding "Murder On The Orient Express". The book had no flashbacks.This movie actually creates a whole other more interesting andcharacter driven way to tell a who done it detective murder mystery ina most elegant and stylish way while remaining brilliantly grounded andbelievable by the performances of top shelf actors in gorgeous andauthentic looking '30's era costumes.Through the years I've had to watch this movie several times in TVre-runs to understand the connections provided by the flashbacks eventhough I already knew the surprise ending. It's still fun to watch andI can't wait for the US release of the Blu-ray. I wish I could give thesame review of the 2017 remake I saw last night.