DIRECTOR Sidney Lumet distinguished himself in numerous films beforeturning his attention to Agatha Christie's classic. A founding memberof New York's Actors Studio, Lumet began his directorial career in off-Broadway productions, then became a highly efficient TV director. Lumetwas also known as an 'actor's director' having worked with the best ofthem during his career. Sean Connery, who acted in five of his films,considered him one of his favourite directors, and was reportedly usedas the lead draw for casting agents to film. Once agents and actorsheard Connery was among the cast (he plays Col Arbuthnot), theyreportedly jumped at the chance of a part. Others have been reported tohave taken the part just to meet such luminaries as Sir John Gielgud,Ingrid Bergman, and Lauren Bacall. Lumet's other works include EugeneO'Neill's A Long Day's Journey Into Night; Serpico with Al Pacino, TheVerdict with Paul Newman, and 12 Angry Men with Henry Fonda. Apart fromits stellar cast ? which includes Albert Finney as Poirot, Sir JohnGielgud, Richard Widmark, Wendy Hiller, Ingrid Bergman (in an Oscarwinning role as the nervous Swede Miss Olsen), Anthony Perkins,Jacqueline Bisset, Lauren Bacall, Michael York and others, theatmosphere of the film is striking. From the start, it has an eeriepre-sequence involving the kidnap of baby Daisy Armstrong from theArmstrong house in Long Island. Like many of Christie's novels, there'sa hint of a pre-plot. But the film excels in the atmosphere of thetrain itself ? both when it is at its luxurious best ? and during thesilence of the snowdrift in the Balkans in which the Orient Expressfinds itself trapped. In the still of the night, when the game isafoot, one can almost hear Poirot's little grey cells ticking. Poirotand the audience find themselves examining a world of communicatingdoors, wagon- lits compartments and red herrings, with sinisterflashbacks. Albert Finney was accused of overacting in the film by somecritics ? as well as being a little over-padded, but for me he excelsbeyond even his illustrious successor, Peter Ustinov. As ever, thedenouement scene is key ? Poirot offers two solutions ? and it is herethat Finney is at his best ? one long scene is notable for having fewcuts in a long take. The film makes effective use of lighting ? aslight greased lens effect when the brightness of the snow outsidepermeates the carriage; and the subtle use of the blue night lightsthroughout the film in the carriages when the murder is beingcommitted. And as always in Christie films, just when you think yourfavourite sleuth is being a little obtuse, or has overlooked a fact, hedoesn't disappoint in the end. For us armchair sleuths, the clues werealways there ? just why couldn't we see them? David Suchet ? an equallygood Poirot ? starred in an ITV remake of the same film not long agowhich, while being worthy, was a little too over gritty and dark for myliking. While playing effectively on Poirot's Catholic guilt at thedecision he finally reaches, it lacked the atmosphere in the Finneyversion, or even the spirit of the 1979 remake The Lady Vanishes, withCybil Shepherd and Elliot Gould, which, while being a workmanlikeshunter compared to a sleek express, was nevertheless closer in styleto Lumet's adaptation of Murder. ITV's drearier version lacked thesavoir faire, panache and subtlety of the 1974 movie, which, perhaps.only the touch of a master director can bring, armed, no doubt, notwith just a dagger in the night, but with a killer Hollywood budget andstar cast, the magnitude of which might never be seen again. A sleeper? not this one. If you've not seen it, enjoy the classy ride.