The key word for this film, in my opinion is elegance! From the titlesand accompanying music in, the film oozes elegance. It captures thethirties perfectly - one of my favourite scenes in the one set in thestation at Istanbul as everyone arrives to board the train - there isso much going on you want to keep freezing the frame so as not to missanything! The Orient Express is as much a star as anyone else in thefilm, particularly the iconic scene when it departs from Istanbul andwe hear it's theme tune for the first time - magic! Only one smallquibble on style - IMHO Mrs Hubbard arrives at the station far tooglamorously dressed for her character, but it's a very small quibbleindeed! Its an incredible story of course and one of its distinguishingfeatures is the cosmopolitan range of suspects. Lumet gives us an oldfashioned 'all star' cast and what a treat that is. I daresay everyonehas their own favourites but for myself I might pick Wendy Hiller'simperious Russian Princess (with a sense of humour), Rachel Roberts'truly natural performance as her German maid and Ingrid Bergman'sawkward, frowsty Swedish missionary - I think she perhaps DID deservethat Oscar; her scene with Poirot is just mesmerising! On the whole,the entire cast is extremely impressive - just two very small 'pities';its a pity that Anthony Perkins wasn't given the chance to playMacQueen as something other than Norman Bates' cousin and its a pitythat Vanessa Redgrave wasn't given more to do as Mary Debenham - its amuch bigger role in the book! For me (and this is very much a personalthing) the only real downside to the film is Albert Finney's portrayalof Poirot. I feel he makes the great detective too comical andclownish. Sure, there are glimpses of the great mind from time to timebut there is just a little too much inane humming and bustling and toomuch raucous laughter. He has some very fine moments but too manyirritating ones (for me at least). Perhaps I have been spoiled by TV'sexemplary David Suchet in the role.I was lovely to re-watch it recently on DVD and it really felt like'turning the clock back'. Personally, of the Brabourne/Goodwin films ofthis period, 'Death On The Nile' just has the edge as my favourite but'Orient Express' runs it close and beats it for sheer elegance.