Even if you are not a murder mystery fan, "Murder on the OrientExpress" is the all-time masterpiece of crime puzzles and won'tdisappoint. The film has everything from an interesting premise to ahuge cast of kooky suspects that is almost like a who's who ofHollywood in the mid-1970's. The characters include an aristocraticcouple, an old Russian princess, a scatterbrained American actress, aneurotic young man, a British military officer, a butler, and anAmerican business magnate. And of course there is the famous Belgiandetective who is always being mistaken for a Frenchmen, playedbrilliantly by Albert Finny, one of the most underrated actors of the20th century.A tendency with Agatha Christie murder mysteries is they often follow apredictable formula: introduction of the characters who will becomesuspects, a set-up for the murder, the murder itself, the investigationand interrogation, and a formal presentation of the solution to thesuspects. "Murder on the Orient Express" does have many of theseaspects. However, there are moments of unpredictability in which theinvestigation/interrogation becomes a kind of character study of thesuspects. And the final solution is one of the most mind-blowing thegenre has ever offered.Briefly, unlike other Christie offerings, the film begins with a kindof movie news story of the kidnapping of a little girl, DaisyArmstrong, most likely inspired by the Lindbergh kidnapping case of theearly 1930's. Then fast-forward, and the narrative begins with HerculePoirot, the internationally famous investigator, being called to Londonon important business while still in Istanbul. He decides to take theOrient Express back to Western Europe. Because the trip waslast-minute, his accommodations are a bit precarious the first night,but after wards he settles into the trip. The next morning while on thetrain, a fellow passenger, American business magnate Mr Ratchett,solicits Poirot to investigate some life-threatening notes he has beenreceiving. Ratchett offers $15,000 (probably $200,000 in today's money)to look into the case, but Poirot declines the offer. The next morning,Ratchett is found stabbed to death in his compartment. The manager ofthe train asks Poirot to take the case, partially to side-step anylengthy investigation or bad publicity the train and the passengersmight be forced to endure. Poirot accepts the case and beginsquestioning each of the passengers. He then learns that the murderedman has an interesting connection to the Armstrong case...A compelling case from start to finish with a stylistic flairreminiscent of the days of old Hollywood, which are at least partiallyrepresented by Lauren Becall and the late Ingrid Bergman. And, if youhaven't seen this film before, part of the fun is to solve the mysterybefore Poirot does! But know there are many clues in unexpectedplaces... The presentation of the final solution is one of the best ofany of Agatha Christie's mystery movies. Great escapist fun.