I realize it's probably the most clichéd and overused sentence to putin a movie review, but I couldn't care less and will use it anyways?Here goes: they don't make 'em like this anymore! Lumet's film versionof Agatha Christie's immortal novella "Murder on the Orient Express" is? simply put ? phenomenal entertainment from start to finish and, to mepersonally, the main reason why cinema is the greatest invention in thehistory of mankind. Straight from the atmospherically sinister openingsequences, recalling the vicious kidnapping and murder case of a younggirl named Daisy Armstrong (which Christie based on the actual andnotorious Lindbergh kidnapping case) through harrowing newspaperheadlines, film fanatics will already know that they're in for anexhilarating two-hour thrill ride! Immediately after the intro, thegreatest all-star ensemble cast ever assembled for one film embarks thelegendary Orient Express for a long journey. Train director Bianchi ismost ecstatic to welcome an unexpected guest and personal friendaboard; the brilliant Belgian detective Hercule Poirot. On the firstevening already, Poirot is approached by the seemingly nervousbusinessman Ratchett who claims to have received multiple threateningletters. The next morning, Ratchett is found murdered ? stabbedmultiple times in his compartment ? and Bianchi begs our detective toresolve the crime while the train is still stuck in the snowy mountainsand inaccessible to the Yugoslavian police. Through his uniqueinterrogation methods and unfathomable deduction skills, Poiret soondiscovers that all passengers in the carriage ? all prominent peopleand their servants ? are suspects and even share a common motive forwanting to kill Mr. Ratchett. It's not the whodunit aspects of thescript that make "Murder on the Orient Express" so brilliant (thedenouement is actually silly and on the verge of preposterous), but theelaboration and the building up towards the climax. The dialogs andconfrontations between Poirot and the passengers are elegant andperfect to meticulous detail, the cast members deliver stupendousperformances regardless of how small and insignificant their rolesactually are and Finney's monologue at the end is one delicious andexpanded cinematic orgasm! Yes, really!