First of all, I'm a woman and I'm pro gender equality and both men'sand women's rights.. and no this is not about armpit hair or femalepower. I don't think art owes anyone anything. Here's why this moviesucks on its own merits: 1- Out of all the Amazonians in the movie, Gal Gadot looks the weakestand least fight- ready. She could've hit the gym as in her currentphysique compared to women twice her age in the movie she looks likethe one who had to sleep with the coach to make the team. Her havingthe only Hamstrings that swing like jelly amid a fight scene full ofwomen in their fifties makes you wonder. 2- Choosing the First World War as a background was a horrible idea! Ifelt I was watching a war movie gone bad. Depressing, ugly, frustratingand sad to watch to the point of distraction. What happened in WWI wastoo tragic even for a superhero to fix. Terrible juxtapositioninsulting the sensibility of any person who read anything of valueabout that war. 3- The introduction of how brave a child she was, was way too lengthyand culminating into some of the most stupid scenes I've ever watched.All that hogwash about not telling Wonderwoman who she "really" wasends up getting on your nerves. 4- She sees a mortal from earth for the very first time and all themovie has to allude to in their early conversations is his (accordingto him) "above average" penis??? Come on! 5- She was annoyingly naive! More like wonder sissy not wonder WOMAN.Hissy fits ooh take me to your leader! 6- The God of war, the super evil devil like character she has to fightis an elderly guy completely out of shape and appears to be more likethe God of Arthritis. I thought Gods don't age judging by the fact thatshe doesn't! Only male Gods do? Now that's sexist. 7- I would like to register here my great disdain (eff you Hollywood)for making the villain in the movie someone with a scarred face. Sopretty people can't be villains? In fact all the villains are eitherold, fat or scarred. 8- My second eff you Hollywood moment came when the spy object ofwonder "woman"'s (she was a virgin in the movie so please take note)affection decides to save the world by flying away in a plane loadedwith all the lethal gas grenades but lo and behold instead of a millionsane solutions he decides to commit suicide for the cause making theplane explode in the air with him in it. I thought this is pretty muchthe same Jihadi principle of heroic suicide!! Bad, bad, bad! Not tomention that such gas would kill people anyway in that nearby villagethey were banging on about the entire time. I'm not even gonna go overthe scientific bullshit this movie is full of and historicalinaccuracies, or plain stupidity because boy oh boy that will take allnight .. but just one thing because it's really REALLY getting on mynerves... how does a woman stuff a long sword down the back ofrevealing dress having the blade go all the way down her ass (if that'seven possible at all), then a villain wraps his arm around her back todance without feeling it? Have the idiots who wrote this scene everheld or seen a real sword? Do they know real swords aren't bendy? Wtf? 9- I'm not sure why there was a Red Indian guy in the British barrackshelping an English spy. Why Red Indian? Bring in the Chinese communitybecause the actor looks Chinese? Method in the madness or just madness? 10- The fight scenes are lame and boring. Really boring! In oneinstance they had to speed the frame to make Gadot look like she'sdoing something and they didn't even bother mask the fact the scene wassped up digitally. 11- If Wonder "woman" kills the god of war making all the Germansoldiers have an awakening kissing and hugging each other in greatrelief they just lost (criiiiinnnggggeee moment), how come WWII startedonly 19 years later? Did they think we will just forget about that onebecause it's only a movie? Why not choose the background to be WWII soit'll make more sense (if that's even possible for this movie?) ... 12- I felt I was watching an American wrestling WWF show gone reallybad... at one point, the men actually give Wonder "woman" a simple legup for her to fly high in the air to destroy a tower with her barefist. Which reminds me, my husband needs me to help give his nuclearrocket a piggyback ride into outer space, so I'll talk to you later.