This review focuses on Greek Mythology in the Wonder Woman story line,or rather the lack of it. I expect superhero movies to play fast andloose with history and myths. As long as its fun, all is forgiven.Unfortunately, the WW movie didn't rise to this low bar.On the positive side, it was nice to see that the Amazons were placedon a Greek Island, instead of somewhere else on the planet. The islandand the training amazons were pretty cool. That's where it stops.We were introduced to a creation myth where the head god, Zeus, createdmankind and made them good. What? Zeus didn't create humans. Hedisliked them, except when he was having sex with them. The titanPrometheus created humans out of clay and Athena, the Goddess of Citiesand War (yes, there is more than one war god), breathed life into them.Zeus tortured Prometheus for allowing humans to walk upright and usefire. Neither the gods nor humans were good or bad in the Greek mythos.They simply were.Then Ares (the male god of war) led a rebellion against Zeus. Killingall the other gods. Well, this at least has mythological precedent. Thegods under Zeus led a rebellion against the titans and cast them intothe underworld. However, Ares seems to have done this all alone.Zeus then created the Amazons to defeat Ares. What? In actualmythology, the tribe of Amazons were the offspring of, wait for it....Ares and Harmonia - a nymph. So, Ares is WW's father, not brother.Ares then devotes himself to corrupting mankind for the rest of hisexistence. Odd, in Greek history, the Greeks were so busy waging warthey needed two gods to keep up. No corruption necessary.Finally, Zeus, creates a child of his to serve as a weapon against Aresto save mankind, Wonder Women. Really? This sounds odd and forced in aGreek setting. That's because it is. There is another setting where allof this becomes very familiar: the Bible. The Christian God createdhumans and made them good. His head angel, aka the Devil, rebelsagainst him then devotes his existence to corrupting humans. So, Godcreates a child of his to help humans resist the corruption, Jesus.Why in the world do we find the bible story as the central plot of asuperhero movie? It doesn't make much sense, cheapens the story of theChrist, and obliterates the Greek myths in the process. There are a lotof other issues with this movie, but I have a hard time letting thisgo.