The much anticipated new Wonder Woman movie is with us, and for oncethe film lives up to the wall-to-wall marketing hype.With a heavy dose of mythology, Diana is growing up as the cossetteddaughter of Hippolyta (Connie Nielsen, "Gladiator"), the Queen of theAmazons, on the hidden paradise island of Themyscira. Trained up as awarrior by Hippolyta's sister, General Antiope (Robin Wright of "Houseof Cards"), Diana is clearly something special. Her ego is reinforcedby the knowledge that she was made of clay with life breathed into herby the God Zeus.  It's enough to turn a girl's head!It's 1917 and the man-free paradise is shaken up when an American spyby the name of Steve Trevor (Chris Pine, "Star Trek: Beyond") crash-lands in the waters off Themyscira.  (And yes... you didn't mishearme... this film genuinely features a hero with both the names "Steve"and 'Trevor"). Prince Eric - no, sorry, wrong film - is saved andawakened on the beach by Diana as the others arrive.  "Thank God!", saythe Amazonians. "At last, someone to process the 200 year backlog ofwashing and ironing"!  But Steve (an "above average specimen", LOL) is not long for paradiseas he needs to return to the war with the results of his spy-work: achemistry book stolen from the gorgeously deformed Dr Maru (ElenaAnaya), gas-developer for the evil General Ludendorff (Danny Huston).Seeing Ludendorff to be her God-like nemesis Ares, Diana returns withSteve to the WW1 battlefields with the intent of killing the God of Warand so ending the 'war to end all wars'.Much 'fish out of water' fun is had with Diana meeting civilised Londonsociety, although perhaps this section of the film doesn't quite liveup to its full potential:  having ice cream for the first time, withoutany sign of surprise, all she can come up with is an amusing but ratherlame "You must be very proud".But where the film really accelerates into awesomeness is when Dianareaches the trenches. She emerges from the trenches like someshimmering vision of hotness, to set male and lesbian hearts a flutter.Its the most memorable trench-exit since the finale of "Black Adder 4",and the subsequent scenes of Diana single-handedly facing the Germanguns is for me one of the most compelling and enjoyable scenes in anyrecent DC or Marvel movie.Holding all this together is the ex-Israeli army-trainer Gal Gadot inthe title role. And man oh man, what a Gal! Statuesque, athletic butalso sweet, charming and emotionally fragile she completely owns thisrole from beginning to end.  Gadot made a memorable entry in theotherwise poor "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" (#marthagate#neverforget #neverforgive) but nothing prepares you for just how greatshe is in this outing. Chris Pine - the thinking women's Chris Pratt - once again proveshimself as a talented actor who manages to successfully morph toinhabit the role he plays. Much as he did in the excellent "Hell orHigh Water", not once did I equate him to be James Tiberius Kirk afterthe first 5 minutes. Effective in supporting roles are David Thewlis ("Harry Potter") as a'helpful' army bod and an almost unrecognisable Lucy Davis ("TheOffice") as Etta, Steve's comedic secretary.  Steve's rather unlikelysidekicks of Sameer (Said Taghmaoui, "American Hustle"), Charlie (EwenBremner, "Trainspotting") and 'The Chief' (Eugene Brave Rock "TheRevenant") all rather fade into the woodwork by comparison. I saw the film in 3D ("careful now... you could take an eye out withthose things") and very good it was too. Aside from some ratherunnecessary Amazonian arrows, its never feels overdone, and elements ofit were extremely effective.Another star of the show is the superb Wonder Woman theme by HansZimmer, here rolled out by the film's composer Rupert Gregson-Williams("Hacksaw Ridge"). Unfortunately, the rest of the soundtrack is notparticularly memorable.The film shifts into more traditional yawn-worthy 'superhero finale'mode in the last twenty minutes, which is a bit of a shame. Patty Jenkins ("Monster") directs and knows the audience she is aimingto please. One can only imagine the empowering impact this film willhave on young girls, crossing their wrists and in their imaginationcasting terrorists into the hell that they should be consigned to. Inthis week of yet more Isis atrocity in London, Wonder Woman is a role-model we could all stand and salute: "I believe in love" too.(This is an abridged version of the One Mann's Movies graphical review.Please visit bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks).