Grade: 6.2/10, D+ 1/10I'll just say it: Wasn't as terrible as I was expecting, but it wasstill pretty lame. Not good by any stretch of the imagination, but farbetter than anything DC has put out thus far. Patty Jenkins needs to begiven a pat on the back for giving DC it's first non-vomit-inducingmovie. Still, I wish WB would give us a superhero movie worthy of 2017and not 1987.Gal Gadot did surprise me, though. When she wasn't TRYING to act, sheactually gave a good performance. The problem was, the rest of the timeshe was trying to act, and it showed horribly. And it did not help thatEVERY, SINGLE action scene she was in that wasn't CGI'd was done inslow motion. When she moved fast, it was always from behind and youcould tell that it wasn't an actual person. She still showed littleemotion when she talked, reminding me of a contestant in a MissUniverse contest giving canned answers to stupid questions.Chris Pine was Chris Pine. Nothing good or bad about that. He turned inthe most solid performance of the entire cast, but even he felt to melike he couldn't believe he signed up for this movie or the DCEU ingeneral. Probably had high hopes before the BvS reviews started pilingin. He did the best he could with what he was given to work with.Danny Huston overacted so much in this movie. There wasn't a singlescene he was in that didn't make me cringe (funny, because I wasexpecting to cringe during all of Gal Gadot's scenes, and I onlycringed through the scenes where she talked).The secondary characters who made up Steve Rogers--er, I mean SteveTrevor's Howling Command--er, little group were nothing special. Imean, literally, they served no purpose that I could see in this movieat all.The plot was nothing special. I've seen the three acts of the moviedone in other movies and done much better than here. The first act onThemyscira was kinda terrible, with every Amazon speaking in a reallythick accent to cover for Diana's. It made them sound clunky and notgraceful, like you would hope Amazons would be. We got a brief historyof the Amazons shown an an ancient iPad which just made made me roll myeyes. It was very reminiscent of the way Zod told Kal-El about Kryptonin Man of Steel, just not as well done. And Themyscira was pretty, butAsgard in Thor was definitely more amazing. Also, they did not explainhow Steve broke through the protective barrier surrounding the island.I suppose it was because Ares was back, but something somewhere mighthave helped.The second act took place in London and Germany, and again, while itwas done well, it was done better in Captain America: The FirstAvenger. But I will say the No Man's Land scene was probably myfavorite part of the movie, and Gal's warehouse scene did put Batman'sin BvS to shame. The third act was your basic CGI monster that you seein most superhero movies nowadays, but Ares wasn't terrible likeDoomsday. But after seeing the final battle, it made me ask myself "IfWonder Woman could do this, why did Superman have to sacrifice himselfin BvS when Wonder Woman could have torn Doomsday to shreds" so thereis no consistency in her power.The music was decent but kinda forgettable. They, of course, had theWonder Woman riff play during the warehouse scene, but that was theonly thing noticeable that I remember. Cinematography was decent andthe CGI was good other than on Themyscira which just didn't seem to fittonally with the rest of the movie. Pacing was decent, too. I didn'treally feel like falling asleep, and while I think the movie could havedealt with a bit of editing, the only thing they could take out wasmuch-needed character development--though they really could have donewithout Steve trying to explain sex and marriage to Diana.If you liked the DCEU so far, you'll love Wonder Woman. If you hatedthe DCEU so far, you'll probably find it meh and not worth ever seeingagain--and maybe not even the price of admission. I got to see it forfree, so I'm not really complaining. I don't want my money back, but ifI could go back in time, I'd tell myself not to see the movie to beginwith, even for free.