So, okay, this is a better movie then Suicide Squad (duh!) and it is anenormous leap forward from the absolute horrific stupidity of BvS, butis WonderWoman really a good movie? Well, nah, not really. It isdecently entertaining and it does have several redeeming traits, butsadly not a very good movie. Let us start with the bad. The CGI is horribly bad. It is so obvious and so badly done I keepwondering if this movie was made in the early 1990's. I saw this moviethe day after seeing Agents of Shield season finale, and AoS had10-times better CGI. Did they not get money to do a WW movie? The story moves way, way too fast, throughout the movie. They jump fromthis to this and there is no time to breath, catch up with charactersor develop any sense of location. It feels like this movie should havebeen 2 hours longer and I can only assume it was cut down to fit theAmerican public that love fast pace action set pieces. Diana is a kid,swhoosh, Diana is training, swoosh, Germans are evil and let thisJewish woman go kill them for some reason. Then they jump on a boat andfaster than The Flash they are in London, and then swoosh they are inthe war, then dancing and then off fighting and whopidoda the movie isover. I got the feeling I was fast forwarding 10-15min all the time.Did they cut out 2 hours? Was the script this bad? The villains were pretty boring and badly flushed out. People keepcomplaining about Marvel villains, but this was far worse and in a fastpace movie like this you really do need to feel the strength and powerand immense danger of the villain(s), but in this movie you do not. Notat all.I also need to mention that I hate that the "hero" is fighting the poorGermans in WW1, of course the central powers and Germans were the goodguys in WW1 (as far as such things goes in a world war?), but thepropaganda must go on?The good? Well, Gal Gadot is good as WW, most of the supportingcharacters are good as well. Most of the action, if you can ignore thebad CGI, is good. The general story, if ignoring all the plot holes, iscompelling and there are a lot of fun and great moments in this movie.There is a good/great movie here somewhere, but it is cut away andhidden under badness. If you can relax and just enjoy the ride and not let the bad elementsmention above take you too much out of the movie this is okayish. Igive the movie a 4 out of 10. It is entertaining after all, but not asgood as Man of Steel which is still (to me) the best of the DC moviesand also, strangely enough, the DC movie with least Christ-imagery? Are all DC characters supposed to be God? Or Gods? Is that the point?Boring. Edit: Just saw the movie again last night and having time to focus onthe movie and how good/bad it is, I detected a lot of other issues,inconsistencies and weirdo plot holes I missed the first time around.Consequently I will lower my score to a 3 out of 10.