I'm not a DC hater, nor am I a Marvel fanboy, and it's sad i have tostart my review like this. I want DC to give Marvel some healthycompetition while carving out their own identity, however Man of Steel,Batman v Superman, and Suicide Squad haven't given me hope. I had agood time with Wonder Woman but Justice League will be the decidingfactor of it was one lucky shot or the beginning of correcting oldfaults.Justice League takes place after the death of Superman as the worldmourns, despite 70% of the world hating him how i remembered. A strangebeing by the name of Steppenwolf emerges and searches for three MotherBoxes that can bring a extreme level of destruction to the world. BruceWayne and Diana realize they can't do it all alone, so they bring ateam together to fight and save the world.As this is was a first time introduction to Cyborg, Aquaman and TheFlash, the film does show they have some good chemistry back and forthwith the team as they all individually show off their powers to help ina fight. Ezra Miller as The Flash in particular brings a lot ofpersonality and Wonder Woman brings a sense of big sister keeping thelittle brothers together. Yes, we do get a moment with Superman anddoes lead to a fairly rousing moment.But how does the villain feel on screen, well, honestly, STEPPENWOLF ISBORING. There is no character no clear motivation to why he is doingthe things he is and proves that super villains just don't translate tolive action (see X-Men: Apocalypse as a example). Also Cyborg, isinteresting as his backstory seems, we never see it all come to play.The visuals are very much Zack Snyder, and at the same time there is astrangely over sexualized tone to Wonder Woman in how she is filmed(with occasional upskirt shots, and a lot of focus on her back) andposes the argument of the "male gaze" on several occasions.To me, applauding Justice League for not sucking as much is likeapplauding a D student for getting a C on a final test. While there aremoments of fun, some solid chemistry between the leads, i still feellike we still are a far distance for Justice to be truly served for theDC Extended Universe.Also, there is a couple post credits scenes. One of them is a kindlight hearted moment, and the other.....well go see and find out.