The long anticipated "Justice League" has finally arrived finallycombining the biggest stars of the DC universe into one film. Theproposed film has faced many obstacles on the way to the big screenranging from script issues, massive reshoots and a change of Directorfor said reshoots due to a family tragedy that Director Zack Snydersuffered.The film follows Batman (Ben Affleck) and Wonder Woman (Gal Godot), asthey look to assemble a team of other gifted individuals to help fightoff a pending invasion. The death of Superman has left a void on theEarth, and this has paved the way for an ancient evil to return as heattempts to conquer the planet after he collects the three neededartifacts that his plan requires.In a race against time, Batman and Wonder Woman recruit Aquaman (JasonMomoa), The Flash (Ezra Miller), and Cyborg (Ray Fisher), to battle tosave the planet. Naturally they battle amongst themselves as well astheir massing enemies but ultimately decide on a dangerous plan thatcan tip the odds in their favor and save the day.The action in the film is good but it often plays out like a videogame. With so many blatantly obvious CGI backgrounds, the movie lookedlike a video game. There were numerous scenes that looked like theywere lifted from Injustice and Injustice 2 that I muse d to myself thatsomeone must have used their Power Up for the shot. Affleck and Gadotare good and work well with one another, but there are some seriouscasting issues with the film. The biggest for me was Ezra Miller as TheFlash. I did not like his effeminate, nerdy, socially awkward, andneurotic and at times cowardly take on the character. This is not theBarry Allen I grew up reading in comics or the one that has beenportrayed twice in a much better fashion on television. His comicrelief status grew old fast and his character really offered little tothe film.It has been well-documented that Joss Whedon not only handled therewrites for the film but took over directing duties to complete thefilm. You can see elements of his humor scattered throughout and thefilm does move along at a steady pace without dragging.The biggest issue is that so many of the characters are just stiff andone-dimensional. They really are not overly interesting so it is hardto really connect with them and the tasks they are facing. UnlikeMarvel who have excelled with dysfunctional groups who fight amongstthemselves as well as the forces of evil, this group seems to be goingthrough the paces rather than being fully engaged with the task at handand each other.In the end "Justice League" is better than I expected, and the twobonus scenes in the credits show some interesting potential down theroad. As it is, it is flawed entertainment that requires audiences tooverlook a lot of issues. 3 stars out of 5