I had low expectations for this movie. The trailers did not do it forme, and seeing DC/WB track record I was very hesitant and worried.Seeing the movie last night my low expectations and worry came true. Ireally wanted to love this movie, but just as with BvS I got out of thetheater feeling I had wasted my money and lost 2hrs of my life. This isbetter than BvS, but then again: what isn't? Not sure where to put this movie. It is, at times, sort of messy "fun"as Suicide squad was, and it is not as dumb as BvS. JL tries to followthe Marvel formula a bit, throwing in a few one liners and the moviehave a few fun moments, and although those funnies mostly work theyalso feel too forced in there. Personally I still think Man of Steel is the best movie from DC so far,too bad they messed up the start and ending of that movie, otherwiseMoS would have been a great movie. Personally I did not like WW,although it had its moments. So where does this belong? Well, let us start with the negative: The CGi is actually really bad, just as bad as in Wonder Woman, or evenworse. I see better CGi on TV nowadays, and I am not sure why DC and WBcannot do it better. Where did the money go? Affleck's salary? TVsSmallville had better effects, or look at Agents of Shield of today;they do great things with a fraction of the budget. The story is way too rushed. That apparent WB corporate directive ofkeeping the movie shorter then 2h seem to have done a lot of damage.Not that 30min more would make that big of a difference, but I willassume that a director's cut will be slightly better. This isespecially sad for me since in the comics DC usually have great verywell written stories. Here, not so much? Probably due to being too rushed the movie has a pace issue. Either itmoves too slow, or too fast. When you see the movie you'll probablyunderstand what I mean. Cyborg does not work. Partly it is the bad CGi, but the actor is notvery good in this role either. The villain does not work. Sure if you've read the comics you do, sortof, have an idea and know a bit of backstory, but in the movie none ofthat comes out ? we are not clearly told who he is (except for some"historical" exposition), we do not know what motivates him, why he isthere. The little we do get to know is not enough for the general moviegoer. The Villain is also very, very generic. Probably the most genericvillain we've seen in any superhero movie. He shows up, with bad CGi,they fight for a bit, and? well, you can guess the rest. One of theworst villains I've seen in a movie like this. A lot of critics have praised The Flash in this movie, personally I donot really see it. Sure he has a few fun moments, but it feels a bitforced and too much "let's copy Marvel" funnies about it. There are a few major plot holes, and a few convoluted moments thatruins the experience and as a critic those moments are very hard toavoid. You can see them as plot devices (at best), OR: only forced uponbadly written moments if you want to be more direct. I will update thispart with detailed spoilers once I've seen the movie again. Positive: It is decently entertaining, at times... and it is not BvSbad. Wonder woman is pretty good in this movie, even better then in herown movie I would say, and the side-characters work very well. Aquamanis good. The acting okay and? well?that is pretty much it. Summery: Nothing fantastic nor great, JL is not a good movie. As asuperhero movie this is okayish entertainment and Justice League isbetter than crap like Fan4stic or the horrible BvS, but is that reallythe comparison you want to make with a JL movie? As a Superhero movie Iwould give this a 3, but as a movie this is really bad and about a 1,so I ended up giving this a 2 in total. Not worth the ticket priceunless you are very young. Or: if you do not mind seeing dumbstory-lines and you just came to see some bad CGi action, then this maywork.... For the normal movie-goer and for us looking for quality, thisis not for us. If this had come out 20y ago, it would have been pretty great, nowadayswe expect more, want more, deserve more, and with this talent and allthe money spent they should have produced a lot better movie. A bad movie, but almost okayish Superhero movie.Edit: Saw it again yesterday (pirated - do not watch this at thecinema!! Do not waste your money!!) and I need to lower my score.Horrible movie and seeing it again, more focused, I see so much crap Ido not know what to do. Worst movie of 2017, and that is sayingsomething.