I grew up watching the Justice League animated series and I enjoyedevery DCEU movie so far, so I was really excited to finally see theseheroes together for the first time on the big screen. Unfortunately,the movie was a letdown. It's not bad by any means, but it was not asepic as it should have been. Here are my pros and cons:Pros: + The acting is really good + Great chemistry between the League+ Some good action scenes (Amazons vs Steppenwolf is one the bestmoments of the movie), even though the movie lacks any memorable actionlike the ones in Man of Steel, BvS or Wonder Woman + Superman is finally done right+ There are some fun scenes+ The Flash is great and you can't ignore Wonder Woman every time she'son screen. Aquaman and Cyborg were fine. Batman was fine as well (BenAffleck didn't look very interested in this movie as he was in BvS) + The post credit scenes are greatCons: - The plot is weak (bad guy wants to destroy the world, just like TheAvengers, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Man of Steel, Suicide Squad, X-Men:Apocalypse, etc). You can tell how it all ends, everything is verypredictable - The villain is really awful. I didn't fear him for a second - Not a lot of surprises - The VFX is a letdown compared to Man of Steel and BvS (Superman'serased mustache is really distracting)- Very little character development - You can tell basically all the scenes added in reshoots- The jokes didn't work. Most of them are silly, not funny - Gal Gadot's acting is not very good in some scenes. It looks like sheis as good as her directors. With Patty Jenkins (Wonder Woman'sdirector), she was great. Here with Zack Snyder/Joss Whedon, not somuch - Some of the dialogues are really bad (like the ones with Mera andAquaman). Half of them are pure exposition - The movie lacks stakes or any sense of danger - The final battle is really generic - The movie is never really exciting. It's almost exciting, but neverreally really exciting.It's not a bad movie, but it's not great either. Unfortunately JusticeLeague is just okay. You won't remember it in a year. I didn't love themovie, but based on the last post credit scene, I'm excited for wherethis universe can go next.