I wasn't too sure about 'Justice League', but was assured that it wasthe sort of movie we liked, so off we toddled. There are clearly gaps in our knowledge of super hero recent events.Mebbe they were on Fox. Anyway, Superman is dead! How the hell did THAThappen? Who is Cyborg? When did Khal Drogo eschew the steppe for thedeep?The earth is under attack. No surprises there. This time it'sSteppenwolf and a host of dodgy CGI's. Steppenwolf looks to be yourstandard or garden earth imperiler. I don't know why he is calledSteppenwolf. Hermann Hesse might. Dunno. Haven't read it.. Logic wouldindicate that it was to segue into "Born to be Wild' but it didn't andthe movie is the poorer for it.Steppenwolf is looking for three mystic boxes to put together to bringsomething that might be his mother back to rule the universe. I think.One was held by the Amazons, one by the Atlanteans, and one by aRussian farmer with a shotgun. Batman sets about putting together ateam to defeat Steppenwolf. There is Aquaman, Cyborg, the Flash andWonder Woman. But the Wolfster can go a bit and they are overmatched.To be fair, it's hardly your superhero 'A' team. They decide to bringSuperman back from the dead. As you do. I thought that it was luckythat he hadn't been cremated then slapped myself for my stupidity.Superman is bought back from the dead! It was my fervent hope that he 'S' on the outfit would be changed intoa 'Z' and his vocabulary would have been reduced to one word; and thatword would be 'Brains' but alas, the 'Doom of ZombieMan' was to be adream unrequited. It starts off promisingly enough with Superman beingconfused and very cross about recent events and generally smitinghither and thither but Lois Lane turns up and he, Superman, rogers herand gets over his temporary death and subsequent resurrection. TheJustice League, now with Superman coming off the bench, set aboutsaving the world. Is it any good?Nope. It's crap. Think 'Interstellar' in tights. The two people sittingnext to us were drunk (at 10.00am; well done you!) and they clearlyenjoyed it. We weren't and we didn't.Would've been improved by;1. Superman being reborn as one of the living dead 2. 'Born to be Wild'3. Daenerys Targaryen 4. Being drunk