I'm marking this as "contains spoilers" although I will do my best tokeep spoilers to a minimum. Any legitimate spoilers contained in thisreview will be in service of explaining why Justice League is aham-fisted, stupid mess of a film. Please enjoy.So it's not a spoiler to reveal that Batman assembles a team, but thereason that he does so is so insultingly stupid that it really ruinseverything that happens afterwards. Batman needs to assemble asuperhero team because a big evil force is coming to destroy Earth. Howdoes Batman find out about this threat? Because he kills a bug man andthe bug man's guts leave behind a mysterious symbol that Batmanconveniently recognizes as a symbol rather than just coincidence. Thereason that this happens can only be described as "Because Movie".There is NO REASON why this would happen besides the fact that thewriters needed a way for Batman to discover the impending threat andthat's the best they could come up with. They needed Batman to discoverthe threat early and begin assembling the team. Because Movie. On a related note he begins assembling the Justice League havingabsolutely no idea who or what he's up against and having no ideawhether a team would be necessary or helpful in combating the threat.Keeping in mind that his first experience with another superhero wasbeing distrustful and trying to kill him, assembling a team seemsparticularly out of character as a first resort to combat an unknownthreat. It's almost like the only reason he began assembling theJustice League is because the movie is called Justice League. BecauseMovie. It sounds like I'm really harping on this, but it's indicative of thethought process of the filmmakers. They got to the first hurdles in theplot and said "screw it, nobody will ask questions if we cut cornersright?". So keep in mind that the ENTIRE REASON that the Justice Leaguewas assembled and exists in the first place is the result of ridiculousplot convenience. It's not even like it's the only time they do thiseither. Later in the film, for the sake of plot convenience, thewriters basically have the villain steal something from the JusticeLeague while they aren't paying attention even though there's no way hecould've known where they were, that they had the thing he wanted, orthat that particular moment would be a good opportunity to steal whathe needed. The villain has to collect these items and seems to have the ability toteleport to wherever these items are (like within arms length of them).It is never adequately explained that or how or why he is able to this.Also even though he has no problem doing it for the first two items forsome reason he is completely incapable of doing it for the last oneuntil it is conveniently left unguarded. Once it's unguarded he has noproblem teleporting to it and stealing it which he should have beenable to do before the Justice League even took possession of the item.Because Movie. On a more general note this film is approximately 5% less dark andmiserable and stupid than Zack Snyder's other DCEU films so hats off toJoss Whedon for his input. That being said there's still nothing fun orcharming about any of the characters or about the style of the filmitself. There's only so many different ways to say that it just wasn'tfun. It wasn't an enjoyable experience in any way. I left the screeninghaving felt nothing, learned nothing, and grown in no way with thecharacters. Nobody has an arc or learns a lesson or is bettered in anyway as a result of the events of the film. This lack of style and story is particularly glaring keeping in mindthe close release proximity to Thor Ragnarok which oozes style andcharm from every pore and actually takes the viewers on a journey ofself-discovery with characters that we know and love. Everything aboutJustice League felt like it was done out of contractual obligationrather than love of and desire to add to the source material.