I'm sorry to say that I found this disappointing and unsatisfying withsome glimmers of what might have been. I'll keep this short. I saw thisat a one-time only showing at Regal Cinema tonight (9/26/17.) This filmtakes place right between 1 and 2. I'll cover what I did not like,first, then go into the positive. It had far too many differentcharacters and settings. That was way too ambitious and was justdistracting. Some of the characters just fell off the radar and werenot seen again. The pacing was off. Maybe because we had multipleset-ups and settings with the previously mentioned multiple characters.It was generally not scary. Literally no fear or desperation. Asidefrom some jump scares, a scene in back of the creeper's truck, and avery good scene with four guys on motorcycles (that scene should haveopened the movie), this was not a remotely scary movie. There was noground gained in the Creeper's origin, although it was teased.. Notenough Gina Phillips. Some truly terrible overacting by some actors andbarely a heartbeat with some others. The story was not bad but thefilming of the scenes felt unfinished, unrealized?I kept thinkingthings that should happen?"those horses are going to come into play,""we're going to get a great flashback," "we're going to have an awesomeattack on the Creeper", etc. But nope. Not good. Ending was also veryabrupt and pointless.What was good? Meg Foster was very good and the scenes with her sonwere good. The film was shot beautifully and Victor Salva istechnically skilled. I loved the daylight scenes of the Creeper but?thefacial makeup effects were not awesome. Very mask like in some shots.Getting to know the Creeper's truck intimately better was great andseemed like the most realized part of the movie. The aforementionedmotorcycle scene was good, the Bernardi's (ranch?) scene was prettygood, the hand subplot ? all promising...but all fell short. Overall, Ithink I rated it a 5 out of nostalgia and being a fan. If I had notbeen a fan...I don't know...probably lower.