Long-awaited after over a decade of rumored production starts andstops, "Jeepers Creepers III" follows a small town battling the Creeperduring his feeding time. A group of people with intimate connections tothe Creeper bond together to stop him.Seeing the first "Jeepers Creepers" in theaters as a junior highschooler was something of formative experience for me, and while Idon't think the original is a perfect film, it is finely-crafted. Thesequel was good (but not great), and this third installment isunfortunately worse. The production values here are clearly hurting?itshows in the special effects particularly, which are both hokey CGI andpoor practical effects. It's not surprising to me that many fans ofthis series have complained about the villain's appearance (which inand of itself is overstated). His face shows on screen more like a maskthan anything else, and the monster now has an arsenal of elaborateweapons and his truck now built with souped-up security features thatrival those of Fort Knox.That's not even the half of it though. The main problem with "JeepersCreepers III" is that it's spread far too thin, with its scriptjuggling multiple plot lines ineffectively. There are too manycharacters, too many subplots, and not enough time to connect them inany meaningful way. It becomes weirdly episodic until the last third ofthe film, and even then, it all seems arbitrary. It almost feels asthough Salva was writing the film as he went along, cramming as much ashe possibly could for the series' swan song. Even weirder is theattempt to tether the film between the first and the second, whichseems narratively inconsistent and tonally unbalanced if nothing else.Meg Foster has the most interesting character in the film, and she iswithout a doubt the best actress here. The younger supporting cast areserviceable but nothing to write home about; Stan Shaw is also likableas the sheriff and chief hunter of the monster. The finale is ratherdull as well, with pacing that resembles everything that's led up toit.In the end, "Jeepers Creepers III" is a weak followup to two rathergood horror films. The visual effects and repeated slow-motion sceneswear on the senses, and there are far too many narrative strands toaccommodate in a runtime under ninety minutes. It is somewhat amusingoverall, but ultimately looks and feels like a television film, andfails to offer anything aside from a few mildly fun vignettes. Foster'sperformance is far better than the material demands, and that is one ofthe film's few additional strong suits. 5/10.