Victor Salva's 'Jeepers Creepers' series has got quite the cultfollowing amongst horror fans. While watching the original (starringJustin Long and Gina Philips) may still startle some of us fanboys, thewait had been indefinitely long for a sequel to the much inferior'Jeepers Creepers 2'. Not a lot seems to have changed as the story ofJC 3 is still stuck in 2001, and occurs between the events of part oneand two. So no marks for predicting how it all transpires.A minor character from part one - Officer Tubbs (Brandon Smith) plays ameatier role in this film albeit not adding much other than deliveringclichéd lines coupled with constipated expressions. Tubbs is taggedalong with Sheriff Tashtego (Stan Shaw) in a quest to end the Creeper'smurderous rampage. Then there are other characters, like Gaylen (MegFoster), her granddaughter Addison (Gabrielle Haugh), her love-interest Buddy (Chester Rushing) set in a farming community targeted bythe Creeper.It looks like a case of too many protagonists yet no solid one worthbacking. Most set-pieces take place during broad daylight, completelyshutting out the 'surprise attack' element. JC 3 almost feels like abadly done straight-to-television action flick than a horror thrillerwith solid build-up. The CGI is appalling - very powdery (even theblood). The special effects totally befit a TV venture than somethingbig-screen. Even the make-up and costumes for Jonathan Breck's Creeperdon't evoke any intrigue. Much of the screenplay would barely makesense to franchise-newbies while fans would feel letdown consideringthe fact that there's hardly any backstory attributed to the Creeper,even three films in. A couple of impalement scenes are the only occasions where I kind ofsavored the ordeal. I wish there were references to the 'feastingritual' of the Creeper - even a few red-herrings would have sufficed.In the film, the team out to get the Creeper act like they know prettymuch everything about what's going on but know very little inactuality. In an era where horror movies come out dime a dozen, it'd behard to even twitch for the supposed 'jumpscares' in this film. Salvaneeds to acknowledge that it is really difficult to satisfy horrorbuffs these days - shoving some cheap nonsense in the face of theviewers and deeming it horror just isn't enough. The film ends with the tease of a fourth instalment - I feel it is lesslikely to take shape, given Salva's history, this terrible threequel,and fans not giving a damn anymore.Verdict: Re-watch the first film instead!