Rarely do I ever witness a film in theaters that not only does nothingright, but does everything so ghastly incorrect that it becomes acomical masterpiece. Jeepers Creepers 3 is one of those films. I'mhonestly very glad that I saw it on the big screen, despite paying $21for a single ticket, but it was sure worth it. I was laughing at everysecond and so was the entire audience. Jeepers Creepers 3 is one of theworst horror films of the decade, but it makes for a highly amusingcomedy on the same levels as Birdemic or The Room.The story and pacing are nonexistent, as the film has no plot or actstructure at all. Too many main characters cause whatever story may'vebeen there to crash and burn like the Creeper himself taking a harpoonto the chest. Many of these said characters have no resolutions andit's as if Salva forgot about half of them midway through writing thescript. The dialog, if not humorously stock, is stilted and inhuman.The phrase "alright you son-of-a-bitch" is said more times than thereare minutes of runtime. In terms of being scary, it's not. Nothing morethan cheap jumpscares and every scene where the Creeper is trying to bemenacing just comes off as droll.Many have mentioned the laughable production, and trust me it'sdefinitely bad, but few have touched on how amateurish and carelessSalva's directing is. "Point-and- shoot" camera angles, horrendouslighting so dark you can't see what's happening, actors running aboutaimlessly, and YouTube levels of cinematography. Actually, I'd say theentire film feels like a YouTube fan project. The actors are soobviously clueless as to what to do, just flailing about and lookingconfused in every scene, and it's very rare that you see actor-direction so awful in a theatrical release.I should touch up on the comedic aspects, but I sadly can't listeverything without hitting that pesky IMDb 1000 word limit. I'll giveit a shot, but I can't do it justice because these scenes must bewitnessed to be believed. There's the scene in what might be the climaxbut I'm not sure due to the nonexistent pacing the film has, but awoman is being chased by the Creeper, and due to Salva's sleepwalkingdirecting, she's just casually jogging as if she were amidst hermorning workout instead of sprinting for her life. One scene involves acharacter being shot with his own gun, but coupled with CGI worse thana free month trial software, the cliché and overdramatic slow-mo toppedoff by Stan Shaw giving a constipated look had my theater and I roaringin laughter. By far the most humorous moment involved Stan Shaw's deathscene, which has the worst of everything; bad writing, bad directing,bad acting, bad production, bad CGI, and bad payoff, all of it nothingshort of gut busting. I'd also like to touch up that the film is obviously setting up for asequel, but it's obvious a 4th film will never happen. It took 15 yearsto make this movie and it's baffling as to why they think a 4th filmcould be made in a timely manner.Perhaps the most amusing thing isn't the film itself, but the nostalgicfanboys on IMDb scrambling desperately to defend this train wreck of afilm. Some of these reviews make me wonder if we even saw the samemovie, or if some people are genuinely blind as to what makes a moviegood or bad. Some reviews even say "yeah, the effects are awful, thestory makes no sense, some moments are so dumb they'recringeworthy...but it was a great movie! 9/10!" My personal favoritereview, one that's almost as funny as this movie, is a guy proclaimingthat the film was art and that if you didn't like it, you "just didn'tunderstand it". I also loved that this person said the film had"fantastic character development", because main characters mysteriouslydropping out of the film is good development? This review is almost asfunny as the film itself, and I would pay a large sum of money for thisperson to review a foreign art-house film and see their opinion.I honestly don't think this film was denied a wide release due toSalva's backstory, after all, the first two broke box office recordsand honestly not many know about Salva's criminal history. Rather, Ithink it's because the producers realized this film belongedstraight-to-DVD and is abysmal in every regard. As a horror film, thismovie makes the 2nd one look good, and that's not a compliment. As acomedy, Jeepers Creepers 3 is an experience worth viewing on the bigscreen. If you're looking to have an amazing time, I urge you to seethis when it returns on October 4th. It's honestly a 1/10, but I givean extra star because of how much fun I had.Oh and P.S.: We still don't know who the Creeper is or where he comesfrom. Talk about disappointment.