To preface this, I have read the book AND I am terrified of clowns.That being said, if you are expecting a shot for shot recreation of thebook, you will be let down. However, do not let that deter you fromwatching what I can only describe as not just a movie, but anexperience. I truly believe that Muschietti directed a perfect screenadaptation of the book."IT" revolves around the mystery of the township of Derry, Maine whereevery 27 years since its founding, fatal accidents occur and people gomissing. It is now 1989 and kids are disappearing once again. It is upto one group of kids to face their nightmares and fend off the evilresponsible for the tragedies, Pennywise the Dancing Clown. Again, if you have read the book, then you know that these group ofkids will face off against Pennywise again in their adulthood. However,the way the filmmakers have gone about creating this is to split thestory into two chapters with the first one being what we have now:childhood. For this installment, I cannot see another cast in place forthe children that were in this film. You get to see all personalitiesin this group of misfits and the actors portraying them really madetheir characters individually stand out in their own unique way. Andthis was a KEY aspect to the overall flow of this film. BillSkarsgård's representation of Pennywise is also incredibly masterfuland is key to the atmosphere this film sets up.For all of you Goonies fans out there, this movie will really have youreminiscing. IT is advertised as a horror film, and it definitely is(trust me, I screamed several times but again, I'm terrified of clownsso your mileage may vary). However, I think many people who come inexpecting to get full on scare factor are missing the whole point ofthis adaptation. Growing up is scary and everyone has fears. Somepeople, like me, are scared of clowns. Others may have lived through(or currently are living through) traumatizing experiences and thosememories haunt them. Whatever your fears may be, at some point oranother, you will have to face them - and that is EXACTLY what happensin this film.The way the cinematography is paced is a perfect representation of thewhole concept of facing your fears and working through them in thecompany of support and people you trust. In the first hour of the film,you are pummeled with what feels like a montage of scary scenes. Youhave no idea what you will be expecting to see, but you know somethingis coming due to the ominous camera work and the eerie music that kicksin. And every single time, you get worked up and anxious about what isgoing to happen. Then, as the movie goes on and everyone's fears arepeaking, an extremely climactic scare happens just as everyone in thefilm is most vulnerable. All the characters have just had to face theirbiggest fears once. They are all getting together to discuss whathappened and an absolute nightmare of a scare happens. Now, a decisionneeds to be made: the kids can run from their fears or face them headon.Without adding too many other spoilers, I will just give my cents onsome big lessons this film keeps simmering under the guise of horror.First of all, if you choose to run away from your fears, they willstill exist and will keep coming back. Once you start facing them, youcan start to empower yourself to continue to fight. Second of all, whenyou do face your fears, you might not win the first time (or thesecond, or third, etc.). What is important is that you realize there isan end goal that can be reached if you don't stop fighting. And lastly,it's that sometimes, your fears and demons may require some help - andthat is okay! With the true support of those you trust, you can startto gain ground on the problem and work towards a goal....Okay one last spoiler (just because this was the main factor why Ithought the movie was more of an experience than a simple film). Whenyou watch IT, keep track of how scared you are at the beginning versusat the end. With other horror films, I have found myself in fear andanxiety almost constantly throughout the entire film. However, withthis film, I noticed that as it went on, certain things became lessscary as they were happening. Interestingly enough, the children in thefilm were also in the midst of fighting their fears and were becomingless scared. I'm not sure if this was just a sole experience for me,but regardless, I think this was intentionally done with what isincredible writing, acting, and filming all combined.To conclude, if you loved Stranger Things, The Goonies, or Stand By Me,you will love IT. If you are on the fence about watching this filmbecause you "don't do scary movies", do not let that prevent you fromwatching IT. The horror is very tolerable (and I am a very timidperson). You should go for what is a really well put together plot andexpression of it.