Suicide Squad was definitely a really fun movie! With some cool scenesand an outrageous cast!Pros. Will Smith did a great job in this movie. I knew he was gonna begood from the very beginning and he did not disappoint! He reallybrought that Will Smith charisma with him. And it turned out fantastic!Props to one of my favorite actors! Margot Robbie also did fantastic inthe movie! She kicked so much butt! They also really get you to careabout her character (like most of the other characters in this movie)And she did a great job! She must have gone into method acting becauseshe was insane! Viola Davis as Amanda Waller........... MIND BLOWN! Shedid an outstanding job in this movie! Her script said she meantbusiness and her acting showed it! And now lets talk about........JARED LETO'S JOKER!!!!!!! To be honest even though we didn't get thatmuch of him what we got of him was fantastic! Now I wouldn't say he'sbetter than Heath Ledger's Joker. But I can see them both going intomethod acting! And they both did. The Action was also pretty cool inthis movie! It was really awesome! There was this one scene whereDeadshot (Will Smith's character) was shooting up an army of rockmonsters and it was awesome! And I love how they got you to care aboutthe characters before they sent them on a mission! I do feel like theycould've spent more time on some of the characters that weren't HarleyQuinn and Deadshot but I still liked the beginning! Cons. Now eventhough I said this movie was really fun its also a bit messy Now themovie has some great action sequences. But those action sequences....BUT THOSE ACTION SEQUENCES ARE IN BETWEEN A BUNCH OF WALKING ANDTALKING AND I DON'T HAVE PROBLEMS WITH WALKING AND TALKING IN MOVIESBUT IN THIS MOVIE IT GOT REALLY REPETITIVE CAUSE THIS HAD WAY TOO MUCHOF IT!!! Heres kind of the layout of this movie. 1st act: Charactersbeing developed. 2nd act: Action and walking from point A to point B.3rd act. Final battle. And the movie is really messy! Also Slipknot wasterrible! He had so little screen time and so little lines that I can'teven comment on Adam Beaches acting! I also hated Killer Croc. Now eventhough his makeup looks good he's a terrible character! He's just a biggiant pun! He has some funny jokes in there but over all he didn't havemuch meaning to him! And that's sad cause he was one of my mostanticipated characters to see in the movie! The villain was also reallyweak! I'm not gonna tell you the villain though cause that's kind of aspoiler but the villain is terrible! The rest of the characters arejust meh (Those characters are Rick Flagg and Katana) So overallSuicide Squad is a fun movie with great characters fun charisma funnyjokes and good action! Even if a weak villain and a messy plot! I willgive Suicide Squad a C+