This film was supposed to be the salvation of the decadent DCEU (withjust three films), however, only served to sink it more.How to start? Not only is it painfully written, but also horriblydirected and that same makes the actors do a very bad job.The mistakes of the script of the film range from introducinganti-climatic and really forced jokes to errors of continuity,coherence, and cohesion. From the beginning of the film we began to seethese problems, with the introduction of the characters and history(which finds its purpose until after an hour of suffering). It is atthis point that, in addition to the purpose is unclear, the villainintroduced is equally trash as the story of the film. A cliché villaineasily defeated that only serves for ... really nothing. It serves theeasy plot to have a villain who wants to conquer everything and after abattle with "pium-pium" and explosions and the destruction of the cityand more stupid formula of an average superhero movie, is defeated.The characters have no chemistry between them. The team was formed veryquickly and in this way as fast as any other mediocre film, they wantto make us believe that they have very great emotional ties and are now"family" when they are people who met about two hours before and plus,threatened to work together.The attempt to make it "funny" but at the same time something dark andexciting means that instead of experiencing emotion and grace youexperience pity for how horrible the script is, its performances andthe way in which the action scenes are assembled. Not even the soundmix and the editing are good. The songs are put at the worst moment inthe film, just to say "oh, what a good soundtrack, you know, the old iscool", but instead you wonder why that song sounds at that moment andyou think it's the worst song For the worst moment. Summary: "SuicideSquad" is not only horrible in script and production, it is equallyhorrible in direction, technical and artistic aspects and gives us acliché story with unbearable characters but this time, worse workedthan a B- class movie. The only thing this film serves for is to alertthe directors and producers of this genre of how not to do things andmakes me miss the money I paid for the entrance of the cinema.