It is a new adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same name about amysterious entity that shows up every 27 years to feed on children.Sometimes in the form of something they are most afraid off andsometimes just in the form of the clown and then this group of kidstries to put an end to the whole thing.I had extremely high expectations that only increased when I heardabout all the great reviews. And it's by no means a bad movie, but itcertainly is a bit of a disappointment. The story isn't very faithfulto the book, but it mostly keeps to the spirit of the novel andcontains the essential elements. Adapting that book onto the screen isno easy job, so I'm gonna be a bit forgiving. One thing this movienailed though is the characters. That's the best thing about thismovie. The characters and the performances. Every member of The LosersClub has their own personality and everyone stands out. But still, notentirely (Mike was very underdeveloped). Still, everyone shines intheir roles. And Bill Skarsgård is incredible as Pennywise. He's notalways terrifying, but he did a fantastic job. I thought both him andTim Curry in the 1990 TV miniseries were great in their own ways. Andthey both fit their versions perfectly. Since 1990 version is more of afun Halloween movie, Curry is a lighter and sillier spin on thecharacter. But this version is darker and creepier, and so isSkarsgård's Pennywise. The characters are a joy to watch, theyabsolutely nailed that aspect of adapting. And, as I said, it's noteasy to adapt this book. But I think they were playing a bit too safehere.The cosmic horror aspect of the book was one of the most fascinatingand terrifying to me, so I was really wondering how they wouldtranslate that to a movie. The problem is, they didn't even try. Andthat's why it feels a bit too ordinary and conventional. If that partwas done right, it would have been amazing. Maybe they are saving thatfor the second part of the story, who knows? In case you didn't knowthis was only half of the story and the book has a part when they arekids and when they are all grown up, 27 years later. I hope they aresaving more mature and creepy parts for the sequel. Also, I was verydisappointed by the horror aspect as a whole. The opening scene wasvery disturbing and creepy, but the movie just doesn't retain thatatmosphere. I wanted this movie to get under my skin and give meshivers, but you just don't really feel that sense of dread. You've gotsome fun scenes with jump-scares, but it's never really as terrifyingas I expected it to be. And something the director doesn't realize(same mistake can also be seen in his previous film, Mama) is that themore you show the monster, less scary it becomes. And Pennywise isshown way too much. He's creepy at the beginning, but eventuallybecomes just fun to watch. And that's not really a good thing for ahorror movie.But nevertheless, this is still a fun and enjoyable movie that I willdefinitely be coming back to. They got most of the characters, themesand story on point, but the scares are where this movie reallydisappoints. What was supposes to be a unique, refreshing andterrifying experience turns into a fun (at times laugh-out-loud funny),but too ordinary and conventional experience. Still, I had a good timeand will be coming back to it. It just wasn't what I expected.