I was very excited to see this movie. I'm not familiar with thecharacters from the comic books, but a gang of super villains turnedsuper heroes seemed like a lot of fun. What I discovered was that thesuper villains weren't so super, the graphic design was bland and theaction generic. All of which did not lead to an engaging movie. Theshort of the story: Post Batman vs. Superman, Batman puts a few badguys in super villain prison, an even badder guy shows up, a proactivepolitical type takes the initiative to let the bad guys out to get thebadder guy and save the world. Sounds cool, right? The problem is that,for the most part, the characters and action were flat with no payoff.Back in the good ol' Arnold/Sylvester 80's action movies you got astory setup where the only way out was through, action that wasridiculously over the top but creative, comic relief (with quotablecheesy one liners) and a satisfying ending of poetic justice. SuicideSquad did not follow this formula and would have been better if it had.Where did it go wrong? First, the characters. The only character with areal attempt to add dimension to was Deadshot. The only real problemwith Deadshot was that Will Smith played the character and Will Smithhas a tendency to be Will Smith in every movie. There was somebackstory on Harley Quinn and Diablo, but nothing that added any realvalue to the story. All of the other supers were basically red shirts.One of the biggest letdowns for me was Harley Quinn. Before seeing thismovie I read so much about how she was the highlight of the show, butthe character really missed being a lasting classic character on somany levels. I was expecting a complex mix of manipulative powerssimilar to Black Widow, but more flirty with a big dose of HannibalLecter. What we got was an attempt to convince everyone she was crazyby saying off the wall things and laughing all the time. The same isalso true for the Joker, who goes hand in hand with Harley. What madeclassic insane characters work like Hannibal and Heath Ledger's Jokerwork so well was that they were based in real characteristics of mentalillness and the criminally insane, not the superficial "voices aretelling me to kill everyone" that we get here. Criminal insanity is theinability to tell right from wrong, or as I see it, complete loss ofany type of empathy for others or a conscience. It is often accompaniedby a view that the whole world is doomed anyway, so why would you workto better it or care what happens to it, which would be an easyperspective to pull off with any of these characters.My biggest issue with this movie is that the super heroes were not verysuper. It seemed that they needed saving more than Generic Soldier #X.Even in the universally panned BvS each character had complimentaryabilities needed to solve a problem. Except for Deadshot no one'sabilities were used very much at all.The real mystery of the movie was why the director approved facelesspotato men as the graphic design of the villain army soldiers. Notscary.The Good? I gave this 2 stars solely for Viola Davis. She shows how agood actor can turn a sow's ear of a script into a silk purse. Sheknocked the character of Amanda Waller out of the park so hard that sheseemed out of place here. This character was the only redeeming aspectof the movie. Amanda was the politician trying to save the world, butin the process was more evil than any of the super villains. It was adose of reality that may be lost in the shadow of a bad movie overall,but was brilliant in concept. A subtle yet chilling badness that shouldhave been applied to Harley Quinn as effectively. Both characters couldhave been equally strong and vicious, but yin-yang opposites. Thatcould have been interesting to explore.The verdict? Pass on this one. If you want good over saturatedsuperhero movies re-watch The Dark Knight and the original Avengersagain, or maybe one of the X-Men movies.