The DC Universe has only begun its unveiling. Do you think what liesahead is promising if the 2016 releases are of any indication of whatis in store for us?First it was "The Bat" taking on the "Son of Krypton" in a disputablyexcessive run time (Although the DC Universe has a lot of groundwork toset up for the 2017 line up). Second ? SUICIDE SQUAD!Deadshot (Will Smith) wants to be the only villain of Gotham City.Trapped between the greed of power to reign as the Alpha in Gotham, andthe tears of his daughter, he is apprehended by Batman and isincarcerated. Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) & Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman)employed by a secret government agency are attempting to recruitDeadshot, Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie), Captain Boomerang (JaiCourtney), El Diablo (Jay Hernandez), Killer Croc (AdewaleAkinnuoye-Agbaje) and Slipknot (Adam Beach) to run secret black-opsmissions as deniable assets for the agency. This team of supervillainsare assembled sooner than foreseen when yet another asset escapes andgoes rouge creating havoc across the city. The Irony of all this ? theasset that goes rouge, is none other than June Moone (Cara Delevingne)the lover of team leader Rick Flag. In terms of a plot, there isabsolutely too much going on already and The Joker (Jared Leto) is noteven in the picture yet.Directed & Written by David Ayer SUICIDE SQUAD is a half-baked visualmarvel. It has everything that a superhero/supervillain movie shouldhave in the department of its original soundtrack, the CGI, makeup andcostuming. What baffles me is the fact of what Warner Bros was thinkingwhen the screenplay was initially approved for production? At leastwith the Marvel Franchises the backstories were clearly laid for eachcharacter prior to the Assembly, The Bat Vs SM too can be excused sinceNolan and Snyder told the story before. Unless you grew up readingevery single comic book, you will be lost in this debacle of ascreenplay. The writing is in shambles but David Ayer and his cast certainly didn'ttake a knife to a gun fight. They gear up, cover up most of theloopholes and punch their way through. Even absolutely short-lived, theJared Leto performance is Gold. Don't bat your eyes or the joker willbe gone! If the character was written better, his performance wouldhave made an AA nod in 2017, but with this screenplay its unlikely.The elephant in the room? Will Smith? Let's agree that he is the moneyman aka "The Face" for this blockbuster. Would it have been better tostar someone else? No, Will Smith does it alright. A noteworthyperformance on the other hand, falling behind Leto, is Margot Robbie,every second of her Harley is entertaining, enthusiastic and authentic,seems like she did a lot of research to pull this one off on such ahigh level. How I hope for a standalone movie of Harley and herpudding. Fanboys will be excited. New to the genre? Best read up on your comics.You may find a ring tone for your phone too.TITLE: SUICIDE SQUAD DIRECTED BY: David AYER STARRING: WILL SMITH,VIOLA DAVIS, JOEL KINNAMAN, MARGOT ROBBIE, JAI COURTNEY, JAY HERNANDEZ,ADEWALE AKINNUOYE-AGBAJE, ADAM BEACH, CARA DELVINGNE, KAREN FUKUHARA &JARED LETO RATED: PG13 RATING: 06/10 RUNTIME: 123 MINUTES