Suicide Squad Oh boy, so where do I start with this one? Imagine being a child onChristmas morning hoping that Santa had left you a new bicycle only tofind that instead you had been gifted with a nice large lump of coal!That was the immense disappointment i felt after watching this movie.The build up, the teasers, the promising cast. The acclaimeddirector... Then the eventual end product. A miss mash of ideas. Thestupid storyline, the choppy editing. Suicide Squad is all of the abovethings and more. A wasted opportunity. Such a great concept. The mostnotorious villains forced to work together to save the world. I won'tgo into too much about the storyline but I will say it's ludicrous!Giving the rag tag team a real world situation to deal with would havebeen a much more satisfying movie. I understand that the whole idea isthat the world needs an extraordinary set of people to deal withextraordinary threats. But this was like some Ghostbusters spoof madeby fanboys. It was hollow. Forgettable and poorly made. No matter howmuch CGI polish is sprayed on to the movie screen it can't hide this.The villains look as though they were lifted from an old episode of thePower Rangers. All costumed up with tinsel and plastic. CaraDelevingne's Enchantress goes from looking like a belly dancer who hasfallen on hard times to some sort of evil sorceress. I swear she spentthe second half of the movie looking like she was hula hooping or thatsomeone had poured ants down the back of her knickers. She does thisweird twisting and contorting throughout the film which becomes reallyannoying. The cast though is the saving grace of this movie. MargotRobbie is absolutely superb as Harley Quinn as is Jared Leto's briefappearance as the Joker. I say brief. Don't go into this movie thinkingyou're going to see a Joker filled fun fest. He gets about as muchscreen time as Godzilla did in his recent outing. Will Smith asDeadshot is Will Smith playing Will Smith as usual. However he doesbring a level of charisma to the movie like only he can. Joel Kinnamanis as robotic as he was in Robocop. Leaving Jai Courtney to challengeMargot Robbie for the scene stealer award. There's an encounter or twowith The Batman. Ben Affleck is filling the shoes of Christian Bale asbest he can. There's also a dude who looks like a crocodile which sucksfor him. The movies climax is really poor as are many a scene that givethe impression that they were just tagged on Examples being Harley'selevator fight and the bar room scene. I really didn't like this filmand I am a fan of the genre. Movies like the Avengers, The Dark Knightand Logan show what can be done with a good script, good director and atalented bunch of actors. This movie had two out of three of those butfails miserably. Too many moments that leave you tutting at the screen.One example when all The Suicide Squad are battling the Enchantress.She gets caught up in a fist fight only to the say "Enough!" andmagically disarms them all. If she's so powerful why would she lowerherself to the level of bar room brawling? I could go on but I'll justcome out and say it. This film was crap! A real disappointment. DC you are going to have to up your game big time. Compared to thequality of the movies Marvel are making you have a long long way to go.