Once upon a time, clowns used to bring out, joy out of children. Then,author, Stephen King's 1986's horror novel, 'It' came out of nowhereand nearly destroy that industry; by causing 'coulrophobia' AKA 'thefear of clowns' to become more common. While, it's true, that a fewscary tricksters in novels, had existed for a very long time; such asauthor, Edgar Allen Poe's 1849's short story 'HopFrog', 1892 Italianopera, 'Pagliacci', and most recently, the Joker from Detective Comic's'Batman' fame from the 1940s. Stephen King's novel takes thecarnivalesque performance into a bizarre, but interesting direction byhaving a mysterious out of this world being, exploited the fears andphobias of its childhood victims by disguising itself with the form ofa clown, in order to devour them. If you think, this plot alreadysounds crazy. I haven't gotten to, the outrageous meat of this novel;which includes under-aged gang-bang, statues of Paul Bunyan coming tolive, cosmic turtles, and odd rituals against Universal Movie Monsters.Not only that, but the book was divide, by two major story arches: onefocusing on the kids, trying to survive, and the other chapter, thekids reunited as adults to finally attempt to kill the beast. All ofthis, is way too much for a story! It's come across, as muddled,excessive, and highly gimmicky. That's why, this novel is highlyregarded, as one of Stephen King's weakest books & often view as notfilmable. Nevertheless, it didn't stop, movie studios from trying; asin 1990, the novel was adapted into a television miniseries starringTim Curry as the demonic clown. For the most part, the miniseries was alot better than the book as it omitted a lot of the craziest, andstupider stuff, however, it was still total crap for its bad acting,awful cheesy effects, and pacing issues. Although, the miniseries hasmany flaws, it has gather, a cult following over the years to thepoint, that a remake was welcome. In 2017, we got that reboot, and itwas surprising, pretty damn good. Not perfect, but entertaining enough,to overlook, its flaws. Directed by Andy Muschietti, with a screenplayby Chase Palmer, Cary Fukunaga and Gary Dauberman. The film really doesa good job, cutting the fat. Instead of a dual anachronic ordernarrative, the film purely focuses on the development of the charactersas children; meaning no awkward repetitive flashbacks; making more of atighter film. However, there was still a structure for this coming toage horror movie, I didn't like. The way, the film intermixed thelighthearted comedy like boy bands with the disturbing imagery aspectof dead people was a bit jarring. It was kinda weird to see characters,in a state of unpleasant anxiety, one second, due to an attempt attackby Pennywise (Bill Skarsgård) or sadistic bullies like Henry Bowers(Nicholas Hamilton), only for a few minutes, be alright to go outsideto hang out with friends at the lake. Also the idea, that thesechildren would be alright, in staying in a town, where a mysteriouscreatures kills people, the whole summer, was also a bit unrealistic.In truth, these children should be, more scar for life & living inparanoia, than they were. They should be locked up in their house,ready for anything, since the movie never explain, how Pennywise canget you, or not. The idea that they can coexisted with this creature,around, is, insane. Also, the span of the tragic events, should only,take, place, during a couple of days, not weeks. Furthermore, the thirdact of one of them, getting caught, a month after the last attack,seems a bit force, rush, and highly clichés. The whole damsel indistress, love triangle third act was not great. Despite that, the CGIvisual effects and practical makeup effects were great, during theaction moments. Lots of really frightening moments like that projectorscene; throughout the movie; only a few of them, were duds, like theleper. I just wish, the movie could be, a little more subtle with someof the jump scares like they did with the creepy librarian and thetelevision show playing in the background. Way too many loud noises,kinda ruins the suspense. Nevertheless, Bill Skarsgård does a great jobas Pennywise, even if the film doesn't attempt to make his characterseem, that deceiving as a villain. I love how one of Pennywise's eyesis always fixed on the camera, giving the impression that he can seethe audience watching the movie. So creepy. As for the children, theacting from them, is also great. Mad props goes to Jaeden Lieberher,Sophia Lillis & Finn Wolfhard as Bill Denbrough, Beverly Marsh, andRichie Tozier. They did a hell of a job, making these characters, seemreal. I really got the loss of innocence story, even if the updatepiece remind me of a gorier version of Netflix's TV Series, 'StrangerThings', with its homage to 1980s nostalgia. Overall: It's a must watchfrom me. Highly recommended. Even, Stephen King himself was very happywith the movie after seeing it early. 'It' was a fun enough thrillride. This movie truly does float.