So I got back from from the screening of "suicide squad" and I have acouple of things to say about it. For me it was a fun Summerblockbuster movie, with many flaws, but also a lot of good sides to it.First of I want to point out that it's not really the movie thatdeserves this score, but the actors and their portrayals of thecharacters. ACTORS: First of all, like everyone says, there is no better actressthan Margot Robbie to play the role of Harley Quinn. She's funny, sexyand of course crazy. William smith really plays his role very well.Deadshot being as badass as he is and with a nice background story tofill his persona. The guy playing Diablo is also very cool and he playshis role very well. Then you have Jared leto as "The Joker". I guess Ican't really judge his role, because I haven't really seen him a lot inthe movie. Leto's portrayal is so much different from what we're usedto, that I'm still getting used to him. But it was very intriguing, sohopefully we'll see him in a next movie if he decides to play the roleagain (seeing the bad reviews and all..). Than lastly I want to talk about Captain Boomerang portrayed by JayCourtney. I really liked this role. He was so funny and I really don'tunderstand the fuzz about him playing the role. Every time he was doingsomething stupid, everyone laughed in the cinema. He added realcharisma to the character, which I really liked.For me, the rest of the cast really didn't matter to me, because Ididn't like their character or the actors playing them.STORY:I really enjoyed the first hour of the movie. Actually most scenes inthe beginning and the prison I thought were really good, but the lasthalf hour is what made this movie going from a score from perhaps 9 to7. WB PLEASE UNDERSTAND: we don't f*cking care about CGI in a movie.yes sometimes it's fun, but movies nowadays waste their money on thesegraphics, instead of gathering a couple of people who know thesecharacters to make a great movie. Sometimes I really wonder. Does WBask fans what they think about the script before going into productionor they just give these production chances to directors who think theyare fans ??? KILLER CROC ?? what happened to that guy. Why is hewearing a f*cking jacket. He is supposed to be big, mean and above alla CANNIBAL. Give him a good story=> boy gets disease, One day he takesa bath, mom finds out, she tries to scrub hiss quills away, until hebleeds, he gets bullied in school and then eats a hand from a classmateand so his dark persona begins. The killer croc in the movie wasn't theone I expected. But then again when I saw him on the poster I alreadyknew that this wasn't really Killer CrocCAMEO'S: There are some cameo's in this movie. Critics are saying thatthey don't matter. So every time Stan lee comes into a Marvel movie, itmeans something, gimme a break !!! I liked the cameo's, so more of thatplease.Main conclusion:Write a story about these characters, get deeper into their emotions.The main villain shouldn't be a CGI villain or some big aura in thesky. Make it a well known DC villain with machiavellistic persona (likethe joker, penguin,...) STORY STORY STORY. ASK FANS what they thinkabout the story, listen to their advice and then start production. Ireally hate CGI, because despite the "cool" effects it brings, it's sofake. If I want CGI I 'll just play a game. CGI is the cancer that iskilling movies nowadays. BTW loved the soundtrack and it really doesn't remind me of Guardiansof the Galaxy. Not everything should be linked to Marvel (also a fan).