Stephen King's book "It" is my single favorite fiction novel ofall-time. I have read it a number of times and am completely andutterly absorbed by its atmosphere and characters. As such, despite thebig buildup, promising trailers, and positive reviews, I wasn't surethat this new film adaptation could ever quite live up to my extremelyheightened expectations. Fifteen minutes into my trip to the cinema, Iknew I was wrong. This one was going to be great.For a basic plot summary, "It" tells the story of the little Maine townof Derry, which seems to have a problem with children disappearing.During the time period this film focuses on, little Georgie Denbrough(Jackson Robert Scott) is attacked and killed by a maniacal clown namedPennywise (Bill Skarsgard) in a sewer grate. That starts a pattern ofchild abductions (the cycle beginning again in Derry), which isseemingly only realized by the "Losers Club", a group of friends whocome together because they really don't fit in anywhere else:-Bill (Jaeden Lieberher), Georgie's older brother, is struggling tocome to terms with the family tragedy, an event that afflicted him witha pronounced stutter. -Ben (Jeremy Ray Taylor), the "fat kid" (pardonthe judgment...this would have been me) of the group. -Richie (FinnWolfhard), the loudmouth prankster. -Eddie (Jack Dylan Grazer), thesickly drink of water with the overbearing mother. -Mike (ChosenJacobs), the black kid in a community not always accepting ofminorities. -Stanley (Wyatt Oleff), the Jewish kid who struggles toeven fit in with this gang. -Bev (Sophia Lillis), the girl that ofcourse all the others have a huge crush on.Over the course of that summer, the Losers Club is tormented byneighborhood bully Henry Bowers (Nicholas Hamilton), while at the sametime all seeing manifestations of "It", a seemingly non-corporeal beingwho can transform into their greatest fears (e.g. Pennywise themaniacal clown).Director Andy Muschietti's "It" is by no means a direct adaptation ofthe book. The best ones aren't, as they are two completely differentmediums. Some of the characters go in different directions, some eventsare slightly altered, and even the time frame (1950s in the book) ismoved up to the 1980s here.What doesn't change, however, is the spirit of the source material.King's novel is all about coming of age, facing fears, and havingcourage when no one else will. All of those things are perfectlypresent here. A lot of that has to do with the acting performances,starting with the camaraderie between the young child actors. This maybe the best child-led ensemble cast I've ever seen on the big screen,as their antics provide some much-needed levity for material that canbe very dark. Then, of course, there is Skarsgard's Pennywise, which isjust as iconic as Tim Curry's earlier take on the role (this one beingmuch more dark and violent).A final interesting observation is how "It" so seamlessly meldedtogether the horror, adventure, and thriller genres. If you are a fanof either, you'll find something to enjoy. The scary scenes aresomething straight out of, say, "The Conjuring", while the buddyadventure is so much like "Stranger Things" (Wolfhard double dippingeven!) that one could almost call "copycat" (but it's so fun whocares?!). Backing everything up is a very solid story.Of course, this is only the first chapter in the "It" story, as King'sbook also goes into great detail about these characters as adults. Thatmaterial is saved for a later-date sequel, and this one sets it upperfectly. This original can be viewed as a stand-alone experience, yetleaves just enough unanswered questions to make a compelling "parttwo".Overall, "It" was one of my favorite film-going experiences in quitesome time. It did justice to a great story, even introduced some newaspects into the mix, and whetted appetites for more to come. I can'twait to return to Derry for Round Two in the future!