I had heard that the reviews for this film were less than stellar so Iwas not sure what to expect. The reviews for Batman V Superman were notso good either, but I enjoyed that one and I am happy to say I enjoyedthis one too. In fact, I thought it was more enjoyable than Batman VSuperman. I cannot explain why, but it just really worked for me forsome completely unknown and strange reason. Perhaps, it simply workedwell with the myriad of mental issues I have and it blended well toform some sort of connection with my warped brain. I just do not know,but I am glad I enjoyed it as I took a gamble to see it in theaters andI would hate to shell out money for tickets and not like it. Not onlydid I like it, but the other two people I was with enjoyed it as well.It was not without its problems, which is why I give it a nine ratherthan a ten, but most of the issues are in the opening portion of thefilm. Once the squad is together and in the field the movie is off andrunning and it is nearly nonstop action the rest of the way.The story starts out with a woman with a plan to bring together a teamof meta humans and those with special skills to combat any threat froma superhuman. Basically, it picks up where Batman V Superman left offand Superman is dead so not only is he not around anymore there isalways the chance that another like him turns up and perhaps this onewill not be as friendly. Well, we are introduced to the candidates whoare criminals for the most part. There is Deadshot, an assassin forhire, Harley Quinn the Joker's insane partner in crime, Killer Croc,Diablo master of flames, Boomerang and a mysterious woman who ispossessed by a being known as the Enchantress. Well that last one turnsout to be a huge mistake as she releases her brother and together theyhatch a plan to take over the world. The team of criminals areassembled and forced to help a special teams unit as in Escape From NewYork and are led by Rick Flagg who is joined by a girl named Katana.They must enter the city and retrieve someone important, but the Jokeris tracking their movements as he tries to take Harley back! The actors and actresses all do a good job. I especially enjoyed WillSmith's Deadshot as he is probably one of the few people that can makean assassin for hire a sympathetic character. I also enjoyed MargotRobbie as Harley Quinn. A lot of people have been complaining about theamount of screen time Jared Leto's Joker received, but I thought howwas presented worked as he is not a member of the team, he is justsomeone trying to get his girlfriend back and does so in strange ways.He was almost like Micheal Keaton as Beetlejuice, not really in thefilm for very long, but he made an impact any time he was on screen.The main problem I had with the film was the first portion of the filmas it was at times, a bit hard to follow. The characters areintroduced, but then it flashes here and there; however, this stopsonce the team is dispatched and after that it is almost all action therest of the way.So it was not a perfect film and from all the negative reviews it isnot going to be a beloved film by everyone. That being said I reallyenjoyed it. The music clicked for me, the characters clicked for me andthe action was great and kept me entertained. That is all I can askfor. It also sets up next year's Justice League film which I saw atrailer for and it sadly had almost the same amount of humor in it thanthe entirety of Batman V Superman. The trailer was like two minuteslong so that should say something. This film, too, had some more comedyand at the same time dark so it melded really well. I would love to seethese characters turn up again in another Suicide Squad film or inother films in the DC movie universe as they really made the film workfor me.