I have been waiting for this movie since last summer. Part of meenjoyed the film while the other part is so disappointed. (If thatmakes sense)Lets start off with the pro's. Margot Robbie, Jared Leto, Viola Davis,and Will Smith were all great for their roles, most of the humorworked, Harley Quinn was exactly what I had expected her to be and shewas the best thing in the movie (just my opinion), Diablo's full powerswere very unexpected and awesome at the end, the soundtrack is perfect,the practical effects were used very well - Killer Crocs makeup lookedso realistic. Now the cons -The CGI was a bit iffy at times, Katana, Killer Croc, andSlipknot were literally there for no reason. I get that they usedSlipknot to prove a point (don't mess with The Wall or you'll get yourhead blown off) but I feel like we needed to know the character a bitmore. Scott Eastwood is just a soldier. That's it. The villain's motiveweren't very clear.The Enchantress and her brother wanting to destroywas so out of nowhere. Just like Xmen Apocalypse. Literally so much ofthe footage from the trailers and the behind the scenesfootage/pictures were cut from the final product which was a hugedisappointment for me. I also feel like we didn't really get to knowthe character June Moone in order for it to be emotional at the endbefore she wakes back up. The monsters that were apart of Enchantress'sarmy were basically harmless. I mean they could fight but they weresuch an easy target. I also felt like the bond between the squad was soforced and way too rushed. The action sequences could have been waybetter instead they were so messy. The marketing made it seem like theJoker was going to be one main stars but he ended up being in a smallportion of the film. The editing is so bad. Soo bad.At the end, although the editing, screenplay, and CGI weren't great attimes, underused characters were added for no reason, and so much wascut from the film - most of the acting worked, practical effects wereappreciated, and the light tone was a big step up for DC. Suicide Squadis nothing more then a fun flick to watch when you're bored.