My vote is 1 star which is "awful" according to IMDb, and awful justdoesn't quite cut it. I would use dreadful, repugnant, and/orexecrable.I follow DC and Marvel comics, and the purpose of bringing thecharacters and plots of these brands to live action is to go all out;and every time I see these types of movies, they are always a let down:characters are misused, under developed, and poorly constructed (and Ifollow comics, I can only imagine what those who don't feel or think);these movies spend too much time trying to makethem--heroes/villains--into something that they have never been (in theworst way possible). How can this be??? The comics have done all thehard work, as a studio the only thing you have to do is give them fleshand blood, that is all!I go to see this movies for the action, for the possibilities CGI andSFX bring to fights, looks, and settings. I already care for thecharacters because I already know them, and even if I didn't, I do notneed flashbacks every 20 min. I do not need to see Batman's originsevery time a movie about him is made. I do not need forced humor fromcharacters that don't do humor. I do not need powerful characters(referring to abilities and powers) just standing on the backgroundlooking at the camera and see in their eyes "what am I doing here?". Idon't need heroes and villains making dumb choices (i.e. Supermanwielding the kryptonite spear when you have Wonder Woman around;Enchantress, impervious to bullets with god-like abilities beingdefeated so stupidly easy; and don't get me started with her brother,defeated by an deus-ex-machina bomb when "El Diablo" was melting hisheart and still he--the brother--had the upper hand). I don't need allthat nonsense for characters that have been around for DECADES!!!Could these and other problems arise from the need for studios to maketheir movies appealing to a "wider audience"? If so, I ask: What wideraudience? Children? Seniors? Who? Who?? Because children don't havemoney to pay to see them, and seniors don't really care for them.Enough of ranting. Back to reviewing.Suicide Squad (SS) had tough shoes to fill because of "Batman: Assaulton Arkham" (BAA, from here on). The last is an animated film with moreor less has the same plot: get a bunch of "bad guys" to do some dirtywork for Amanda Waller and, of course, everything goes sideways. Mostof the characters are used in both movies: Harley Quinn, Deadshot, Cpt.Boomerang, and Joker. To those who are interested, I really recommendit, as well as "Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox". More oftenthat I would like to admit, DC's animated movies are better made thanlive action ones. Harley Quinn in BAA is truly exceptional, funny, andevery bit as psychotic and heartbroken as her comic book counter part.I don't know where this obsession with Margot Robbie comes from, but inmost reviews I have read about SS, everyone sucks up to her performanceand I only saw that she failed to take the next step to breakout and beHarley; she just took Harley's catch phrases and spitted them out in avery nice-looking package and all her character's jokes where terriblyforced and didn't get a chuckle out of me. Deadshot, which is awesomein BAA, is just Will Smith being Will Smith, and that was a completedisappointment, the man had charisma, where did he left it? The onlycharacter I really liked better than his BAA counterpart was JaiCourtney's Cpt. Boomerang. I was really happy to see Jai Courtney act,and be, and giving his best like he did in Spartacus; because in othermovies he has been he was very unsatisfactory. In SS he had the leastcharacter development, and still he made me laugh, he made me care forCpt. Boomerang, and the thing with the unicorn was just reallyadorable. I am not going to address Jared Leto's Joker because the manhad/has a very big smile to fill. The best Jokers for me are MarkHamil, for voice acting; and Heath Ledger, for live action. Besides,the Joker has a better role in BAA than SS, in every way.But let me give another point of view: my mom's. She doesn't followcomics, nor cares for them, and she enjoyed the movie. She said it wasentertaining and that, for a movie that is 2 hrs. long, it went fast.So maybe you should take her word rather than mine. Hopefully with all the money this movie has made, the studio will payattention to fan's reviews and take note to do better in futureprojects. If not, I have learned my lesson with the past 16 years ofcomic-based movies and if I read and/or hear bad reviews, I'll waituntil Netflix or Amazon, or whatever media to stream it and see itthen, than wasting my money in theaters.