Where to start...woe is me...where to start?!?! First I'll say I waslooking forward to this movie for a long time..like many people. All Ireally cared about was of course...the resurrection of The Joker!I think Jared Leto has the kind of God given talent that can never betaught to any actor. He was born with it, like Nicholson and Ledgerbefore him. So needless to say I was absolutely stoked to see what hewould do with such an iconic character. I didn't really care much aboutanything else. Which leads me to say WOW! The marketing on this filmwas the definition of false advertisement. There were so many interesting story lines to play with here. The Jokerand Harley Quinn with their demented love story wouldve been my firstchoice. It was Jared Leto and Margot Robbie that shouldve been leadingthis movie...NOT WILL SMITH! guys I can't stress enough how much idislike Will Smith. Guys this whole movie revolves around Will Smithplaying Will Smith in a movie where he's supposed to be playingDeadshot.God I can't stress enough just how much he ruined this movie for me.Basically he did his whole schtick from Hancock but threw on an extralayer of "stereotypical hood black guy" and called it Deadshot. As anAfrican American..I cringed every time he opened his mouth.Sorry about my Will Smith melt down...he is just really awful.I really would've liked to understand more about Enchantress..there wasdefinitely not enough time to establish her at all. The "Villains" wereliterally moving props whose only purpose was to slow our heroes down.Also, I'm not sure Cara Delevigne has the gravitas to really dig intoEnchantress...but I could be wrong...The fail on June Moone could verywell all be on David Ayer's shoulders. Also the CGI for Enchantress andher movements in the final sequence were actually laughable. I couldn'ttake her seriously.Diablo was the only actual Metahuman and they didn't explain his originwhatsoever. Not in a meaningful way anyway. Captain Boomerang wasn'tterrible..not memorable either. Killer croc was there...could barelyunderstand anything he said...but he was there...and apparently lovesBET(GTFOH). Viola Davis was solidly cold hearted as Amanda Waller. Davis, Leto andRobbie were the only strong points of the film and there was not nearlyenough of them.Personally, I really enjoyed Batman V Superman. I know the plot was abit of jumbled mess and the bat vs supes was like 5 mins long and thenthere was Doomsday..ugh. But I still really liked it. There was a lotof it that dealt to me very believable circumstances. I can't say thesame for SS...I never bought it. Not once did I sink into the story ofthe characters...I was always very aware I was in a movie theaterwatching the fresh prince flap his lips.To the folks at Warner Bros..ya'll need to step your game up..and do itquickly. You cannot keep making sub par movies like this. I'm thisupset and I didn't even have to pay to see this movie. I can't evenimagine the folks that are shelling out hard earned money for the 2hour crapfest I just sat through. Jeez man...What a waste of JaredLeto. Save your money guys and pirate this crapfest in a week.