I'm not a fan of superhero films in general (a handful of exceptions doexist), but I was feeling (stupidly) optimistic for Suicide Squad. Iwent with my friends to see it, and while they admired parts of it andwere able to have a good laugh about it, I couldn't. I didn't enjoy onesecond of the two hours I was in that seat. My eyes eventually began towater...I was the only person in the theater who didn't enjoy it.Everything about the film felt fragmented, and whether or not that wasthe intention is irrelevant to me, because I wouldn't have liked iteither way. The soundtrack consists almost entirely of hit songs...clichéd songs (songs that I actually love by themselves).The acting wasn't bad at all, but it always felt odd and off. I'm notdoubting the talent of this cast because I've seen just about all ofthem play an amazing role elsewhere. I don't even want to get startedon the humor. I'm no prude when it comes to comedy, but for the entiretwo hours of run time, I didn't even crack a smile. To me, the mostentertaining part was my buddy quietly singing along to the songs as heset beside me, wholly immersed. Action scenes were typical, predictable, and not very creative; justtypical superhero movie fight scenes. As a whole, the film is sopredictable that you could probably guess what's going to happenscene-by-scene as the story progresses.As mentioned previously, this movie was so boring. Had I gone bymyself, I would have definitely walked out probably the halfway point.I didn't feel invested. I didn't feel interested. I felt absolutelynothing.You might be wondering as to why I gave SS a bonus star. It definitelytried, and I recognize a lot of the talent and effort that went intosome of the special effects and makeup. I really couldn't give it muchcredit for anything else. The bonus star is for the production.Unimpressive, movie. I know there are many people who also despise this movie, but it's inall honesty a very polarizing piece. You have to see it to make anactual decision, but I can certainly tell you where I stand. If youenjoyed it, kudos to you. I simply couldn't, despite really, reallywanting to. Ten minutes in, my mind just gave up, and I sat there likea vegetable for the remaining one-hundred and ten.