I read this book back in the 80's. Tonight I saw yet another filmadaption of the same book. Once again they miss the mark with yetanother Stephen King Classic. I'm not going to say it was a terribleflick. Because it wasn't. It had some redeeming qualities. The humor ofRichie "the mouth" Tozziur was, in fact, the only thing that actually"Floated" down here. The biggest drawback was the rewriting of the story to suit theuncultured minds of millennials and others who have never read aStephen King Book. They took what was one of the most imaginative scarystories of the last 50 years and turned it all into a Hollywood cliché.complete with non-stop Jump Scares that scare no one but teenagers. The casting was world class, but the script falls short and turns greatdialog into nothing more than a group of kids insulting each other for2 hours. And the strongest character in the movie ended up being "TheDenzel in distress" routine. AGH so typical.... So boring. so cliché,SO Predictable... Then There's the worst part.... Pennywise actually manages to capturethe members of the losers club and yet... HE LETS THEM ALL GO... MORETHAN ONCE... WTF???? It's so cliché and brain dead in this aspect thatthe more I ponder how ridiculous it was, the more I begin dislikingthis movie. It lived in the sewers, the reason it comes out of thesewers is because it is a hunter. It hunts because it's hungry. Itdoesn't hunt for the thrill of scaring little children. It huntsbecause it is hungry and loves the taste of blood. Predators don'tcapture and release their prey if they are hungry, They kill them andeat them. But what I will never under stand is the role reversal of some of themain characters. WTF? Am I the only person on this earth who hasbothered to read these books? My only guess in switching the loveinterest from Ben and Bev, to Bill and Bev is because America'sobsession with hating overweight people could never accept the factthat the "Fat Kid" could be the main character and the "hero" who getsthe girl.Then There's Mike's character... They sure didn't want to give theblack guy too much screen time. and then they also switched hischaracter with Ben... WTF? Ben was not the Town History buff... Guessthey just want to make Ben the biggest loser by making him the one whostays behind in the town? Is it too much for the millennial mind set of"Survival of the cutest" to grasp that people who aren't "pretty" arealso people of value too?Who knows? But why rewrite the god damned story? There's a reason whyStephen King sold millions of copies of this book:Because he's a great story teller and is considered to be one of thefinest of the last 50 years.... so what ego driven Hollywood executivedecided the script writers of this adaptation had better vision thanthe already tried and true hit making story?Out of five stars, I reluctantly give it 3. However, it does notdeserve 3 stars. it deserves 2 out of 5. I only rate it three becauseof the humor of Richie and because the parts that did stick with thestory looked great, the casting was great and the Clown was a millionfreaking times scarier than that stupid Tim Curry that was laughable atbest from the 90's adaption.