Suicide Squad had some genuinely brilliant trailers and looked like itwas gonna be the first movie in the DCEU that actually knew whatexactly it wanted to be. I was absolutely convinced that this movie wasgoing to make me sigh in relief that there might actually be hope forDC's new movie universe. Instead it was by far the worst movie in saiduniverse thus far. The thing is while Batman V Superman was a mess and made absolutely nosense it at least had a few big wow moments. Suicide Squad doesn't evenhave that to offer it's just a monotonous bore from start to finish.The first third is pretty much nothing except for a huge expositiondump. Rather than naturally learning who each character in this team isthroughout the course of the movie, David Ayer thought it was abrilliant idea to waterboard the audience with forced flashbacks thatstrive not only to give us the facts about them but also try to get usemotionally attached to them. I can't believe Ayer is so stupid that hedoesn't know you can't expect an audience to care about a bunch ofcharacters just because we are told to. It's literally like: "OK,Deadshot has a daughter who he loves, Harley Quinn was very tragicallytwisted and tortured by the Joker and Rick Flag fell in love with thisscientist lady but she is possessed now. OK attachment out of the waylet's get started!" Not to mention it's just boring watching 5elongated flashback sequences back-to-back. The worst character out of the bunch though is the villain. This oneactually manages to make even the worst of the Marvel villains looklike Heath Ledger's Joker. Not a word that comes out of her mouth isinteresting and her evil plan is as clichéd and tiresome as evil plansget. Oh and if you were planning on seeing this because of the Joker,don't hold your breath. Leto's baffling performance is original and newin all the wrong ways. He strays so far he loses any semblance ofactually playing the Joker and instead feels like some drugged up, ganglord pimp who is neither scary nor entertaining. However the worst thing of all is that you just can't have fun withthis movie. There's a clear attempt to ape Guardians of the Galaxy'ssuccess with similar soundtrack choices as well as frequent jokes andbombastic action sequences. This attempt falls flat on it's face thoughseeing as the music is awkward and out of place, the action scenes arerepetitive and unimaginative and the funniest jokes in the movie barelyeven manage a chuckle. I will give credit to some of the actors though,in particular I think Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn and Viola Davis asAmanda Waller are ideal choices. And every now and again this moviedoes manage to do something entertaining which is why I am bumping thescore up a bit but overall those moments are so rare it doesn't matterin the long run. A bad movie which I couldn't have seen coming in a million years. Lotsof potential for solid and fun entertainment wasted.