I don't even know what to say. There was so much wasted potential here.I will say that the cinematography, the location, and the children (TheLosers Club) hold up really well for this film. Yet, I'm still sittinghere after seeing this premiere and I'm still shaking my head. Here is the one thing for me, that ruined the movie. If you don't wantany spoilers I suggest you stop reading. Here goes..What is going on with all the CGI in this film? Computer animatedgraphics have never scared me and this movie is littered with seeminglyterrible and unimpressive visual effects. I had a feeling this wasgoing to happen after watching the directors previous film "Mama"Anytime something was seemingly scary, or anytime I thought "Hey, thismovie might redeem itself" it was almost instantaneously followed bysome cheap jump scare with a villain who was computer animated to lookscary. The human eye is easy to detect how fake CGI can be and folks,let me tell you, this movie relies INCREDIBLY HEAVILY on computeranimated effects. No incredible monster movie effects from the 80shere. The sad part about it is that the movie takes place in the 80s(instead of the 50s like the book). What better way to write abeautiful love letter to the time period than to get some natural,realistic, and horrifying movie effects? The 70s had The Exorcist. Topnotch REAL effects. Do you remember The Thing from the 1980s? ThHOSEPRACTICAL EFFECTS STILL HOLD UP TO THIS DAY. Its truly sad to seecomputer programs taking the forefront to create scares. Anyway, I'mrambling...For all of you fans of the book out there.. Spoiler alert again..You WILL be disappointed. It only uses the book as a small guidelinefor the story they decided to craft here. There is no Ritual of Chud.There is no Mummy, Werewolf, or drowned children in the Standpipe.Everything is rushed. This film is just a complete mess and it pains meto say so. If you haven't read the book, maybe you'll have a decent time if youcan handle CGI. I for one thought IT was extremely disappointing,confusing, and ultimately boring and cliché. God, I wish this couldhave gone a different way.If you are truly interested in seeing IT... Please...please.... Saveyour money and go see something else. Or at the very least, wait torent it.