Awful direction and screen writing. This movie is plagued with awkwardand anticlimactic scenes. Seriously, can this David Ayer suck less?Making a movie about illogical people is no excuse to deprive it of ANYLOGIC at all.- First of all, the non-villain characters are completely unlikeable.Flag and Waller act like condescending scumbag all the time. Waller isworse. She's like begging to be hated in every single scene. Why wouldDavid try so hard to make people hate a black woman??- The whole disaster of the movie that the Suicide Squad had to fix wascaused one of their members - Enchantress. If that project X (thatcreates the Suicide Squad) was not initiated in the first place, thenthere'd be no such disaster.- Enchantress caused the disaster by releasing her brother, an almightybeing that could wipe out the whole city, even the world. However, eversince she was released by June Moore, she had plenty of chances to dothat because she could instantly teleport to anywhere. But she ended upwaiting all the time. That means she's one of the strongest but alsodumbest creatures on Earth.- Harley Quinn proved her love to Joker by plunging into tanks ofchemical toxic from at least the 5th floor, then was saved by just onekiss full of Joker love.- When Waller found out Enchantress betrayed, she stabbed its heartmultiple times, but didn't destroy it at all (!!) so that Enchantresscould retrieve it later effortlessly and revive. If Waller simplydestroyed that heart, the movie wouldn't happen. - There were no character development and some characters were treatedlike trash. Slipknot as a Suicide Squad member appeared just to bekilled disgracefully right at the beginning. Boomerang is also aninsignificant character because the movie wouldn't change at all withor without him.- Joker heroically appeared to save Harley Quinn just to be shot downimmediately. Isn't he smart???- Enchantress's brother, a Godlike being who devastated a whole city,was killed in an instant with a bomb that barely punched a hole on theground.- Almost all scenes with Waller were unpalatable, awkward, andanticlimactic, especially the ending of the final boss was defeated.Can David Ayer make the lasting moment of his movies less suck???Overall, I can't stand this state of plummeting movie standardsanymore. I would vote a 1 and encourage everyone not to see it.