Read these reviews carefully. Note the objections people give to thefilm. I see the negative reviews are predominately people who expecteda direct adaptation of the books, whereas this is more a continuationof the story. This is the next time Roland journeys to the tower, notthe same journey we all read about and love.Also note the five star reviews are King fan boys who would give fivestars to any Stephen King movie just to see more of them made, andbecause in their eyes, Stephen King can do no wrong. Neither of thesegroups help here.I sit somewhere in between. I've read the series many times, more thanis probably healthy. I know these stories inside and out. And I lovedthe movie. It has it's flaws, as every movie does, but it is faithfulto the spirit of the books. It was very clear from all the hype andcommunications we got from Stephen King and others leading up to thisrelease, that this movie would not follow the books exactly, so I didnot enter the theater with false expectations. That is key. When you goto see this movie, expect it to follow its own path. Remember, theirare other worlds than these.I was worried about how Idris Elba would work as Roland. Let me tellyou, he owns that role. He became the gunslinger. His performance wasspot on.And Matthew Mcconaughey absolutely nailed the Man in Black role. He isso evil, it permeated from the screen. Some of the dialogue wasterrible, but that is the writers fault, and he delivered what he wasgiven beautifully.Tom Taylor was the unknown. He did a decent job. He is no Haley JoelOsment or Jacob Tremblay, but he is a capable young actor who playsJake Chambers well enough.My biggest complaint about the movie is it's run time. It felt rushed,and certain things needed explained better. So much of the imagery wasonly meaningful if you've read all of the books. But having said allthat, it was a good movie. It held my attention the entire time, and Iliterally got goose bumps several times through the film. The fish outof water humor with Roland in our world's New York was amazing, and Icannot wait to watch this again.Go watch the movie with an open mind. Don't expect it to be the same asthe books, but expect it to be in the spirit of the books. You will beentertained.