In an universe where multiple worlds existed, held together andprotected from darkness by a dark tower which has been standing fromthe beginning of time, the last Gunslinger tries to protect it with hislast forces from the Man in Black who's determined to take it down.Together with a child with psychic powers, the gunslinger must have onelast attempt to eliminate the dark ruler while the tower is stillstanding.It's a movie which presents an interesting universe, filled with weirdcreatures and people where the equilibrium between light and dark isheld by a dark tower. While very well played by the actors, the maincharacters are not very complex, or at least not very well described,although their vast experience would have demanded such. Thus, we arefaced with a revengeful master of guns, who seeks to kill the one whokilled all his beloved, while eluding his duties as a Gunslinger.Unwillingly helped by a kid who dreamt him quite a lot, who possesses acouple of psychic powers, he will ultimately engage in a life and deathbattle which will decide the fate of the world. Opposed to the goodguys, the Man in Black is much better presented, making his character(thanks to a great actor) much more credible and even fearful.The plot, although it promised a lot from the trailer, is prettylinear, without anything spectacular or at least a twist which mightmake it worthy of the unique places in which it enrolls. The beginningof the movie raises the interest with the presentations, but itsuddenly drops into mediocrity, being a bit too predictable for mytaste. I have to say, and I believe it's the first time I say thisabout a movie, that it is way too short. It had so much more to presentboth in terms of characters but also in terms of action. The shootingscenes are a true delight but are too seldom, making you lust for muchmore which unfortunately doesn't come. The finale is good in terms ofimplementation and idea, but it's also very predictable and much toosudden, leaving also a lot to ask for.Overall, it leaves an unpleasant sensation of superficiality, like theproducers ran out of money or ideas and decided to end it way too soon.It has some good actors, great locations and intense action/shootingsequences which could have been a lot more exploited. I honestly wantedmore from this movie, I wanted it to offer more but it ended up beingtoo short to provide a strong plot and truly complex characters whichwould have made it a great movie. As it is, it's unfortunately anotheraverage movie which failed to deliver a great implementation from agreat idea.