The Dark Tower is not a bad film. Standing on it's own it's a decentsci-fi/fantasy flick that comes up a little shallow in certain ways. Iam a massive Stephen King fan but I went in to this with mediocreexpectations due to reviews and honestly due to the trailers and alsoword of the reshoots and issues on set. However, as a King fan, I feellike I could have helped them make this or scrapped the whole thingbecause they missed the mark entirely adapting the book. I thought oneof the biggest issues was casting but it turns out the casting wasn'tso bad. The issue here is the adaptation itself and also the approachthey took on it. The Dark Tower focuses on Jake and Earth and hisinteraction with the mid-world to save his own. The Dark Tower bookseries is about Roland and his life and his adventures and hisdetermination to destroy the Man In Black. Roland and the Man In Blackwere practically supporting characters to the boy Jake and that doesn'twork for this story. Roland's back story is weak at best in the filmand they don't scratch the surface of Walter or Jake for that matterand the world they live in. If they were hoping to start a franchisethey missed the key things they needed here but perhaps mostimportantly resting the film on Roland. There is a reason the firstfilm was called "The Gunslinger."I think Idris Elba is a great actor but I definitely was not sure hewould be right for Roland. I was convinced in fact. I was wrong. Hecould have really done some amazing things with Roland and for whathe's given, he does! His darkness and his broodiness fit perfectly andthe choreography for his fight scenes are fantastic. He even looks thepart very well. Tom Taylor does a great job as Jake, the powerful boyfrom Earth who can bring down the tower. Taylor and Elba have very goodchemistry and I would have loved to have seen them play their rolesmore to the book. One of the biggest concerns I had was MatthewMcConaughey as the Man In Black. Once again, I was wrong. The singleonly issue is that he is not given enough time or depth to make this anincredible villain. I think he and a good director and writer couldhave made Walter/Man In Black one of the cinematic great villains.Matthew McConaughey and Idris Elba were good together and played offeach other wonderfully but the script didn't give them enough.Supporting cast was okay but the main cast was so under-used that therest had very little chance of being built up.The Dark Tower could and should have been 2017's beginning to a newLord of The Rings epic world. They could have built one of the mostvast connected Universes ever seen. Could anyone bring this to the bigscreen/small screen properly given the scope and depth of the books?Yes I think so. Much like Peter Jackson did with Lord of The Rings/TheHobbit someone with true vision and talent could have pulled this off.Why on earth this got handed to someone like Nikolaj Arcel is beyondme. He is a good screenwriter but to leave this in his hands fordirection seems careless. Then again perhaps the studio cut it toshreds. A 93 minute run time is insane for a film of this magnitude.The Dark Tower will hopefully be redeemed. The characters are in place,the special effects were good, the world is loosely established butsomeone needs to step in. 7.5/10