The last Gunslinger, Roland Deschain, has been locked in an eternalbattle with Walter O'Dim, also known as the Man in Black, determined toprevent him from toppling the Dark Tower, which holds the universetogether. With the fate of the worlds at stake, good and evil willcollide in the ultimate battle as only Roland can defend the Tower fromthe Man in Black. Just got back from seeing The Dark Tower a movie thatfor many months since the trailer dropped out really got my attentionuntil a few days ago when i saw the reviews which were awful and i toldto myself instead of hearing the site that gave Ghostbusters a 73% andAlien Covenant a 71% maybe i should go and check out the film? and bethe one who judges it and i just got back from the Theater and the onlything i'm thinking right now is that this movie is f*cking amazing fromspecial effects to acting. Matthew McConaughey as Walter or most knownas The Man in Black was perfection every time that he was on screen itwas magic, he is a ruthless badass villain that he can kill you evenwithout touching you plus his mind games were just creepy as f*ck.Idris Elba as Roland the last Gunslinger is basically perfection too heis the Batfleck of this movie he goes around shooting people with themost badass way i have ever seen in a movie in my entire life, the dudeis Chuck Norris and the social justice warriors that were bitchingabout the fact that the Gunslinger is black instead of white? Theyshould really go and jump from a cliff because Elba is a great actorand 2nd of all he was perfect for the role. Plus the kid Jake he wasgreat as well, he had the b@lls to go against The Man in Black and eventry to block him from entering inside his mind. Also i really lovedthose people that they used human skin as a distraction to enter ourworld. The action was freaking terrific especially the battle betweenThe Gunslinger and The Man in Black was one of the many great parts ofthis film and that scene where Roland goes around shooting people inthe Village and Walter's hideout were so epic i mean seriously greatspecial effects and great cinematography. The soundtrack is excellentand knows when to hit you and it hits you hard, the whole story of'fish out of water' was also pretty good it had levity and great humorespecially the scene in the bus with the Coca-Cola or the one in theHospital and it kinda reminded me a lot of Last Action Hero (1993) whenJack Slater visited New York and he was so confused about our world andour everyday things and it was pretty funny. The film also has a prettygood drama like the whole part of Roland and Steven his dad or Jake andhis mother and the ending was also unexpected i was expecting it to endlike Last Action Hero (1993) but they went to a much different and muchbetter direction. The only flaw that i found with the movie was that itwas short i wish that it was somewhere around 2, 5 or even 10 hoursthat is how much i loved The Dark Tower and honestly i haven't read thebooks but right now? I kinda want to and i'm definitely getting thoseDiamond Select Figures. Overall without saying more i just loved thisfilm and i'm so happy that i did not heard critics or Rotten Tomatoesand i went to see the film on my own and judge it on my own. If youhaven't read the books i think you're going to enjoy it a lot maybe asmuch as i did but if you have then you might get disappointed buthonestly it's the most underrated Stephen King movie adaptation i haveseen so far plus there are some references to The Shining (1980) andother King movie adaptations and to be fair with you people this isdefinitely in my Top 5 favorite Stephen King films and it goessomewhere like this: 1) The Shining 2) Misery 3) The Running Man 4) TheDark Tower 5) 1408. Also this quote from the movie is dedicated to you guys: I do not aim with my hand. He who aims with his hand has forgotten theface of his father. I aim with my eye. I do not shoot with my hand. Hewho shoots with his hand has forgotten the face of his father. I shootwith my mind. I do not kill with my gun. He who kills with his gun hasforgotten the face of his father. I kill with my heart.