The Dark Tower doesn't seem to be quite getting the rating this viewerthinks it deserves. Perhaps it's a luxury not being versed in theStephen King novel? Coming into it with no prior knowledge may be goodsince I had no expectations. What I experienced was quite good Sci- Fi.It's a usual battle between good and bad in which the lines take a bitof time to sort out. Nothing is revealed too soon, but flows well. Achild named Jake is the central figure and young Tom Taylor plays thepart well indeed. In NYC he's pegged by his parents and his school as agifted and troubled student. His trouble is he's seeing things no onearound him can and it's really dark. The darkness is getting closer andit's actually crossing over as evidenced by earthquake like tremorsthat all in the city feel and fear. Jake knows it's something more andhe is quite unsettled thus his troubles. It's an excellent setup forthe convergence of different worlds and times through which Jakestumbles into a time and space portal. He is soon, through his uniquegifts, brought together with "The Gunslinger" in a much differentreality. The Gunslinger is bent on killing the central figure of allthat is dark named Walter. Think of him as the devil who is attemptingto destroy all worlds. Walter is played steely cold without any bombastby Matthew McConaughey. McConaughey brings a level of black evil thatis palpable and we're not just talking about his black uniform. So wehave a tight and focused excellent cast with Idris Elba as Roland TheGunslinger, Jake as the troubled gifted psychic child, and McConaughheyas their ultimate enemy.Why I feel the movie is really good is that no matter how it adapts thestory, the story is realized very well. The movie seamlessly travelsback and forth in time and worlds to create an ultimate battle betweengood and bad. Yes, it has some familiar western genre elements, but itdoesn't try to be a western in the least. It just uses some familiarthemes from them and creates a Sci- Fi- piece of it's own. The moviemakes investment in the characters of Jake and The Gunslinger into onesthe viewer gets behind very organically, not forced, but quite easily.It also makes the viewer detest Walter immediately just as well. Whatis so well done, I feel, is that the viewer never questions thesegueing between the supernatural and the everyday world. You totallyaccept what is revealed in each scene. And there is little waste herein stringing it all as a whole. You get on board and your mind is takenon a ride. In spite of the current rather pedestrian rating of 6 aswell as the divided critical views this is, IMHO, an excellent moviethat keeps you rapt right until the final battle ensues. I give it an 8and I think if you don't worry about a book adaptation, and you likeSci-Fi, you will be entertained from beginning to end.