After watching this film a part of me wanted to go back and try my handat reading the Stephen King novels again, and not just the ones uponwhich this film is based, but a number of other ones as well.Interestingly it appears that all of Stephen King's novels actuallytake place in the same multiverse, all of which are connected to, andpreserved by, the Dark Tower. Mind you, I was a little surprised to seethat an entire series of books was compressed into a single movie, butthen again there are some hints that maybe this film isn't going to bethe only one in the series and that there might be another one down thetrack (depending, of course, on how well this one is received, which Isuspect wasn't all that well).So, we have the Man in Black, which happens to be a rather powerfulsorcerer who is wanting to destroy the Dark Tower. No real reasonbehind that, expect that maybe having the world overrun by demons issomewhat better than having a world where all of the demons have beenbanished to the outer realms. He does this by kidnapping children whohappen to be psychic, binding them to a machine, and then drainingtheir psychic power and firing it at the tower. We also have Jack, theprotagonist, and a boy that dreams of this other world, but is not onlyconsidered crazy, but his parents basically want to lock him away (orat least his step dad does because, well, step dads are always prettynasty and want to get rid of the kids). Finally we have the Gunslinger,who is a warrior of the Athurian ilk who is on a quest to defeat theman in black.The concept behind the stories are really good, which is a shame that Iwasn't able to get much beyond the first book. In a way the idea ofmeshing fantasy and western can work well, particularly sincescience-fiction and western have been merged numerous times in thepast. As for the film, I did like it, though of course it suffers fromyour typical clichés, such as the horrid stepdad that wants the motherbut not the kids, and the young boy who is never believed.I guess a part of the idea here, and it is a good thing, is that itchallenges our secularisation of society ? children that don't fit inaren't necessarily anti-social or suffer from mental illness, rather itis a symptom of a society that doesn't celebrate diversity. Sure, wemight say we do, but in reality we really only pay lip service to thewhole thing, and people that don't fit the mould are either disruptiveor worse. In a way it is okay to be different, and long as beingdifferent doesn't disrupt the world that we have created.In a sense this is a theme that we seem to see appearing regularlythroughout Hollywood, as if the movie makers are actually the ones whowhen they were young were actually the outcasts. Yet, we can't ignorethe fact that Hollywood is still a closed shop that is pretty ruled notso much by the unions, but by a union that in effect represents acertain element of the wealthy elite. However, Hollywood has atremendous influence on society, and while many of us scoff at it, andclaim that it is corrupting our society, in reality it is challengingthe social norm, and outing those who seek to exploit certain elementsof society. The idea of the geeky, outcast kid, coming about and savingthe world is evidence of that (though I do feel that the evil step daddoes go a little too far at times).