The Dark Tower is a 2017 American science fantasy western film directedand co-written by Nikolaj Arcel. A continuation of Stephen King's novelseries of the same name, the film stars Idris Elba as Roland Deschain,a gunslinger on a quest to protect the Dark Tower?a mythical structurewhich supports all realities?while Matthew McConaughey plays hisnemesis, Walter Padick, the Man in Black, and Tom Taylor stars as JakeChambers, a New York boy who becomes Roland's apprentice.Its budget is60 million dollars which means that the producers spent much money tomake this movie great.Eleven-year-old Jake Chambers experiences visions involving a Man inBlack who seeks to destroy a Tower and bring ruin to the Universe, anda Gunslinger who opposes him. Jake's mother, stepfather, andpsychiatrists dismiss these as dreams resulting from the trauma of hisfather's death the previous year.At his apartment home in New York City, a group of workers from analleged psychiatric facility offer to rehabilitate Jake; recognizingthem from his visions as monsters wearing human skin, he flees. Jaketracks down an abandoned house from one of his visions, discovers ahigh-tech portal, and travels to a post-apocalyptic world called Mid-World.In Mid-World, Jake encounters the last Gunslinger, Roland Deschain whoemerged in his visions. Roland is pursuing Walter Padick, the Man inBlack who had also appeared in Jake's dreams, across a desert, seekingto kill him in revenge for the murder of his father, Steven, and allremaining gunslingers. He explains that Walter, over the decades, hasbeen abducting psychic children, and is attempting to use their "shine"to bring down the Dark Tower, a fabled structure located at the centerof the Universe; this will allow beings from the darkness outside toinvade and destroy reality.Roland takes Jake to a village to have his visions interpreted by aseer. Learning of Jake's escape and journey to Mid-World, Walterinvestigates and discovers from his minion Sayre that Jake has "pureShine", i.e. enough psychic potential to destroy the Tower single-handedly. He kills Jake's stepfather, then interrogates his motherabout his visions and kills her too. In Mid-World, the seer explainsthat Roland can find Walter's base of operations in New York. Walter'sminions, the Taheen, attack the village, but Roland individually killseach of them. Roland and Jake return to Earth. When Jake returns hometo check in on his mother, he finds her charred remains and breaksdown. Roland vows to kill Walter "for both of us" and comforts Jake byteaching him the Gunslinger's Creed, which he hasn't uttered since hisown father's death, as well as the basics of gun fighting.As Roland re-arms himself at a gun store, he is attacked by Walter, whocaptures Jake. At his base, he straps Jake to a machine that will usehim to destroy the Tower. Jake uses his psychic powers to alert Rolandto his location, and Roland battles his way through Walter's henchmen.Walter confronts Roland, wounding him. After Jake reminds him of theGunslinger's Creed, Roland recovers and kills Walter with a trick shotafter a brief fight. Roland destroys the machine, saving the Tower,Jake, and the other children.Afterwards, Roland says that he must return to his own world and offersJake a place by his side as his companion. Jake accepts the offer as hehas nowhere else to go, and the two depart for Mid-World.Don't listen to the biased critics who never saw this great film,see ityourself and make your own judgment!.