'The Snowman' had so much going for it. The Norwegian setting (Norwayhas some of the most beautiful scenery in Europe), a brilliant book, agreat cast (usually can't go much wrong with Michael Fassbender and JKSimmons), the involvement of 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy' director TomasAlfredson and one of the best premises of the year.Sadly, what was one of the year's films with the greatest potential andwhat should have been one of the best if done right turned out to beone of 2017's most disappointing and worst films. Have seen enoughfilms this year, a hit and miss year with films on both sides of thegood and bad spectrum and other in between efforts, to feel this way,before this opinion is attacked. Not in a long time has a film with somuch potential start so promisingly, with one of the creepiest first 10minutes of the year, have that potential completely melted after theopening and become increasingly buried under the snow as much as 'TheSnowman'. The waste of a great premise, book, cast, opening sequenceand director is unforgivable.Good things first. As said, 'The Snowman' gets off to a very promisingstart. The first ten minutes is genuinely creepy and atmospheric. Theother redeeming quality is most of the production values, thephotography is slick and stylish and makes affectionate use ofbeautiful and suitably chilly settings.Can say nothing good about everything else however. As an adaptation ofthe book, 'The Snowman' completely cuts the flesh off the bones,leaving only the bare bones of the story and characters. What was sogreat about the source material is removed here and executed in a waythat's the complete opposite. However, any adaptation deserves to bejudged on its own terms and unfortunately 'The Snowman' fails as astandalone, to me even it's even more of a failure in this regard.With a great cast on paper, 'The Snowman' should have had greatperformances. In reality, the performances are all round awful, evenfrom those who are usually good or more, and sees some career-worstwork from some. Michael Fassbender is a complete blank in a role heshould have excelled in, it's a kind of role he's perfect at so it wasa shock to see him so bad. Rebecca Ferguson is especially poor in arole that would be beneath any actress regardless of the extent oftheir acting ability. The chemistry between the actors, especiallyFassbender and Ferguson, is frostbitten. There are also some veryinconsistent accents going on. You know there's something wrong whenthe best and most memorable performance is given by Val Kilmer and hestill unbalances the film by how bizarrely he is made to act as acharacter completely inconsequential to the film.In fairness a lot works against them. 'The Snowman' is directed withsluggish indifference by Alfredson, who does decently with the stylebut makes a complete hack job of the storytelling, which is not whatone expects from him judging from his previous work. 'The Snowman'suffers from too many characters and subplots that are eitherunder-explored (Fassbender is hindered by that the character hasnothing to him in terms of development other than the type of characterhe is and too many of the subplots are resolved unsatisfactorily, sillyor left in the air) or pointless.Regarding the script, there was a lot of awkwardness here and somechuckles that were clearly unintentional, emotional impact was asnon-existent as the suspense. 'The Snowman' does an unbelievably poorjob creating suspense, which is practically none after the opening, andinstead lays it on thick with incredibly dull pacing, un-scary (almostlistless) scares and unintentional and perplexing humour. The ending isan absolute joke, the reveal is not a surprise at all and it is furtherruined by being insultingly ridiculous and illogical.While it mostly looks good, the editing is at times chaotic and theeffects are shoddy. The music is okay on its own but often doesn't fitwith what's going on and can be overbearing, while the sound is far tooobviously used and intrusive.Overall, a huge disappointment, one of the biggest wastes of greatpotential in recent years. 2/10 Bethany Cox