Who would ever name their son Harry Hole? That is one of the manyquestions that crossed my mind as I watched The Snowman, which Isuppose is technically a movie, but fails miserably to deliver on manyof the standard qualifications that are contained by 99.9% of all othermovies.For one, most movies have an A plot and a B plot (sometimes more, buttwo a minimum of story lines is a reasonable minimum). The A plot isprimary focus, while the B plot offers its own characters and conflictswho in some way tie into the A plot. This is usually the case becauseit makes sense that if two story lines are going to exist in the samemovie they should be at least somewhat related. It makes less sense ifthe two story lines are completely unrelated.In The snowman, the two story lines are completely unrelated. Plot Ainvolves the unfortunately named Harry Hole trying to solve a series ofgrisly murders. Plot B involves a powerful politician and the city ofOslo's bid for the "Winter Sports Cup." There's also a drunkendetective who is in the movie sometimes. I have absolutely no idea whatany of these three stories had to do with one another. This is aproblem.One half of the movie does not connect to the other half of the movie.Does Harry know the politician? Is he a big "Winter Sports Cup" fan? Ihave no idea. This would be like if Silence of the Lambs was exactlythe same except it added a side story about Chicago's mayoral election.Everyone would think, "Yeah Hannibal Lecter is terrifying andinteresting, but what does he have to do with the new mayor ofChicago?" They had no consequence on each other.The two side plots of this movie had no consequence on much ofanything. Neither really ended in a clear way. They only ended becausethey were not shown in the movie any longer, as if someone quit halfwaythrough writing them. This is also a problem.For real tho, Harry Hole? The movie makes no acknowledgment of howridiculous this name is, as if his name is Tom Johnson. We first seethe name on an envelope addressed to him and I legitimately thought itwas a gag, some inside joke from his pen pal or something.The whole movie feels like an inside joke that we're not a part of. Thestories don't connect, the cuts between scenes appear random, and the"surprise reveal" of the killer surprises no one. The Snowman is atremendous waste of your time. I suggest you watch something else.Anything else.