The Snowman is a psychological thriller based upon Jo Nesbo'scritically acclaimed novel of the same name. This film received mixedto negative critics but I have to disagree. Despite a few flaws, thisfilm is overall above average in my book. Let's take a look at whatseveral critics had to say and compare their points to my personalexperience.Many people complained that the movie didn't do the novel any justiceand was missing several elements. I have to disagree because a moviecan never be fully faithful to the original novel. That would also bequite unimaginative as you could simply stick to reading the novel ifthe movie had the very same characters, contents and dialogues.Overall, I think the movie portrayed the most important characters,events and locations and had a very appropriate length around twohours. If the movie had been longer, it would have overstayed itswelcome and lost the audience's attention.Several critics say that the movie has a confusing timeline and feelsincoherent. This isn't the case at all. The movie starts with anobvious and important flashback that introduces us to the serial killerand why he has become such a monster. The only other flashback shows usa police officer and later on detective in Bergen who was investigatinga case related to what would turn out to be the serial killer's crimes.The content of the flashback as well as the portrayed investigator arevery important for the film and add some crucial depth to it. Aside ofthese two flashbacks, the film has a perfectly coherent chronologicalorder with a strong exposition, an elaborate rising action, an intenseclimax, a gloomy falling action and a very short resolution thatdoesn't overstay its welcome.I have read in many reviews that the potential of the actresses andactors isn't fully exploited. I have to disagree once more. MichaelFassbender was convincing as desperate police officer who wasstruggling with his alcohol addiction, his complicated family situationand the complex case. He performed this character with its credibleflaws and strengths in a very authentic way. Rebecca Ferguson was justas convincing as young, energetic and dynamic officer with a mysterioushidden agenda. This actress also portrayed a credible character withamazing strengths and complex weaknesses. The supporting actresses andactors also did an excellent job from the pervert businessman to thedisillusioned teenager. I would even go as far to say that thispsychological thriller had some of the greatest acting performance andmost interesting characters in recent memory.Add a constantly gloomy atmosphere, stunning landscapes in and aroundBergen and Oslo and twisted finale and you have a very well- made genremovie.The only reasons why this movie didn't get an even better rating arethe fact that the first third of the movie overstays its welcome andtakes too much time to introduce characters and get the actual storystarted and that the story itself isn't the most original one and attimes quite predictable if you are familiar with other genre movies andnovels. Obviously, the source material has to be blamed for the latterdownside and not the script.That being said, The Snowman is an overall enjoyable thriller with agloomy atmosphere, stunning landscapes and great acting performances.While it might not be among this year's greatest film, one shouldignore overtly harsh and biased critics and give this movie a fairchance. Genre fans should at least appreciate it.