The Snowman is a disaster. It's not only a disaster, it's anunfathomable disaster. This film had absolutely everything going forit. I've not read the source material, that the film is based on, butit's being hailed as one the best books in its genre here in Norway.The director, Tomas Alfredson, has made some great films in the pastand the cast is great. Yet the film is a complete mess.The film actually looks unfinished. It looks like they had a versionready to go, but then some of the countless number of producers steppedin and told them to redo the whole film. Only that it wasn't enoughtime for them to actually make the new version comprehensible. Thereare scene transitions that are shockingly bad. Scenes that arrives andends out of nowhere. Scenes that are included into the film for somereason that no one knows. Scenes that serves absolutely no pay-off, andare sort of just there for being there's sake. If one then takes a lookat the trailer to the film, one can clearly see that huge parts of thedialogue and that some of the scenes from the trailer have been cut outof the film. This tells me that there are huge chunks of material leftin some editing room out there, that probably would have caused thefilm to feel a lot more comprehensible.It wastes no time on character development. These type of filmsrequires that audience manages to get inside the lead characters head.We need to be a part of the investigation. We need to feel thefrustration and hopelessness of the characters. There's quite simply noemotion here. There's nothing to hold on to, and nothing to make youinvested. Michael Fassbender's character features a lot of traits thatought to make him an interesting protagonist, but none of it isexplored. It's actually quite baffling to see how neglected it all is.The Snowman got a wide range of characters, but none of them serve anyother purpose than to serve the plot. Some of them doesn't even feelneeded for that sake. Val Kilmer is one of the most useless charactersI've seen in quite some time. For some reason, he was even dubbed.The whole film is entirely built around the plot, and leading up to therevelation of who the snowman killer is. Unfortunately, the film does apoor job of building up the suspense. It's quite frankly boring in hugeparts and the revelation is predictable. Aside from the lack ofcharacter development and invested emotion (which is very much neededin order to care for a story), the film does a poor job in showcasingthe investigation. Too many of the characters are doing things justbecause. Too much of the film is happening just because. There's veryrarely given any reason for why things are happening. The overall plotis easy enough to follow, but in terms of logic it becomes a confusingmess.The Snowman is a mess. It's hard to understand how they managed to messit up so badly, but they sure did. Aside from some neat visuals and adecent (if slightly forgettable) score, there's not much to enjoy here.