For film fanatics like myself, Blade Runner 2049 is a great film forpeople to see, regardless if they've witnessed the original or not. Onthe other hand, if you've never seen the original Blade Runner and arejust a casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for thisfilm as being an action-packed thrill ride, then I'd have to warn tostay far away from this near three hour motion picture. It's very hardto review this film without getting into specific plot details, butthat's exactly what makes this film worth the price of admission alone.For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a movie,here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible. Before dropping you into this world with Ryan Gosling's character,there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the history ofthe events in the past, but even though that information is given toyou, your experience just won't be the same without having viewed thefirst film multiple times and remembering the emotional core of it. Setout on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story,Ryan Gosling's character (who will remain nameless for the sake of thisreview) uncovers mysteries and secrets from the past, inevitablyinvolving Rick Deckard. Quite honestly, that's the plot in a nutshelland the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience, solet's get technical. If not for anything else, Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of thebest cinematography I've laid my eyes on in years. From the addition ofthe seamlessly blended visual effects, to the mind- blowing sceneryconstructed by the entire art department, I have nothing but praise forthis film. Whether or not you find yourself enjoying your experience,the visuals alone should have you applauding, due to their incrediblydetailed nature. I personally found the overall film to be magnificent,but when certain scenes were dialogue-free and asking you to gasp atthe imagery, that's exactly what I was doing, as I feel many audiencesmembers will. Again, without giving anything away, once Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford)enters the picture, the way both films sort of interconnect wasbrilliant in my opinion. It does justice to any loose ends that fansmay have wanted in the past, as well as create a new story to gawk atin the process. With a terrifically restrained performance by RyanGosling, you'll find yourself sucked into this world as a fly on thewall, as he uncovers these mysteries. With the addition of HarrisonFord giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances, as wellas Ana de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise, this filmwas casted to the nines from beginning to end. Some may complain aboutJared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much, but I felt asthough the served the story quite nicely. In the end, this movie aims to impress Sci-Fi fans across the world,but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as apossible classic or at least one of the best sequels ever made, arethose who've had the pleasure of indulging in the greatness that is1982's Blade Runner. I don't say this about films very often,especially when talking about sequels, but I haven't been this immersedin a theatrical experience in quite some time. This is definitely asuperior film than the original, it's one of the best films of 2017,and I'll be revisiting it very soon. Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lotof praise and awards consideration from critics and filmgoers acrossthe world, and every bit of it is deserved. Aside from being very long,this is pretty much a perfect film if you don't try to nitpick how itconnects and certain questions that aren't blatantly answered. If youknow what type of film you're in for, or you've at least seen theoriginal and enjoyed it, I can't recommend this movie enough.