Spoilers ahead.Who writes reviews titled: "One of the best sequels of all time!" and"A masterpiece of science fiction and possibly one of the greatestsequels ever made" and "A New-Age Sci-Fi Classic"?? Yep, studio shills,hacks, and trolls. These are the kind of reviews which used to getknocked off Yelp because they were so ridiculously and archlyover-effusive. Real, regular folk (like you and me dontcha know) don'tgo in for ratings viewing boosting titles. Read: box office boosters."Yeah, I know you loved in mom but it ain't THAT good. Aww." They'relike testimonials on a CV\resume you've written yourself and thenre-read months later and realize you've overdone it. Akk. "Mark reallyis the best thing since sliced bread. He's the most amazing filmreviewer in a generation...." Yep, I own the 7 DVD European version boxed set. Yes, I saw it at theElectric Theatre in Brixton when it came out. I love the original. Iwanted so much to love the sequel. Most of my peeves are listed aboveand below, mirrored by other reviewers with whom I have forged anunhappy bond of disappointment and disbelief. And I concur. HarrisonFord was too passive. Ryan Gosling was too dull, too toned down. SeanYoung's CGI was awful. Why not have her at an age like she is now? HFis nearly 80, so how about a 55-year-old Rachel. CGI of real people istough - it never looks real and it didn't here. The set lighting wassub-par, the CGI buildings didn't look real. This is all "by the by" -if there had been a real script, a real story then all would beforgiven. The movie started, for me, when Joe gets to Vegas. That's howthe trailer editor saw it and that's how you should see it. Get a drinkjoin the movie about 90 minutes in and it's really not that bad afterthat. Some of the stuff is great. But most of it, including theeardrum-bursting "Music" (which was interesting in Arrival) but here,merely serves to pretend to elicit emotion. As another viewermentioned: when the film finished, the lights suddenly went on (thiswas Studio Movie Grill so they needed to clean the food trays etc.) asif the theater was embarrassed at the movie's length and wanted toshuffle us out in a hurry. There was no applause, heck even mediocrefilms in LA get applause since half the audience works in the industryas grips, extras, teamsters etc., even in the outskirts of town. We alljust shuffled out, stunned, not quite understanding how $185 milliondollars in Budapest (where they made it) could have born so littlefruit. Heck, you could BUY Budapest for $185m right? ;) This seems tobe a very polarizing film. Lots of critics seem to like it. My wifeliked it. I hated it. I hated myself for looking forward to it. I wokeup depressed. I wanted to slap the screen and say: "That's for makingme care about you!" Wack!