I love Blade Runner and I wish the makers of this movie could haveanother go, because this was a terrible sequel.But firstly the good. There were some great moments. Luv, played by thewonderful Sylvia Hoeks stole every scene she appeared in. She sizzledwith cool charm and barely capped volcanic emotion. The scene where shecoldly directed the airstrike while having a manicure was possibly myfavorite scene in the movie.Dave Bautista as Sapper Morton was also a revelation. The guy canactually act and he was very interesting to watch. If only he had alarger role. Robin Wright also put in a great performance, probably thebest acting in the movie but again woefully under used. In fact, Ithink she would have been a great choice to be the main protagonist.The special effects were at their best in the aerial sequences. The newspinners were terrific.I enjoyed some of ideas and concepts they played with; virtual love,dehumanizing effects of technology, unrestrained corporate power, thenature of humanity and the persistence of memory. But none of themreally featured strongly which seemed to add to the impression that themovie was too long and a weak brew.I was surprised at the lack of evocative city scenes. The original BRpopulated the world with strangeness, people, machines and the chaos ofdystopian city life. This movie seemed oddly empty.Plot holes galore. They just threw logic out the window and with such along, one pace movie those moments where you had to suspend beliefstood out dramatically. Especially the ending, where Ryan Gosling'sOfficer K actually does the enemy's job for him by revealing thelocation of the miracle child.Gratuitous cameos and throwbacks to the original. Harrison Ford shouldnot have been in this movie, nor should Edward James Olmos. And playingthe tears in the rain motif over the ending was the cheapest of cheapshots. Surely we deserved better. A proper sequel, not a Blade Runner themedmovie. Buried somewhere in there is a much better film and I hope a newcut emerges, that is much shorter and sharper. Please save somethingfrom this mess. Proof if we ever needed it that directors sometimes doneed to be reined in.