There was a time when the buddy movie formula ruled the Hollywoodcinematic universe. We loved the brashness of such films as LethalWeapon or 48 Hours. But then the formula fizzled out and filmmakersmoved to other things. To cite an obvious example, The Nice Guys (2016)starring such acting heavyweights as Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling wassmartly set in the '70s but despite its okay plot, and superb acting byboth Crowe and Gosling, wasn't a big box-office hit.The Hit-man's Bodyguard looked like a great idea on paper ? bringtogether Ryan Reynolds, fresh off the boat from his profanity-riddenDeadpool and Samuel L Jackson, who is known for his on-screen cussing,and wait for the fireworks to start as the duo at first go all out tomurder each other and then develop a mutual respect that borders onfriendship. And, for most part, director Patrick Hughes, of TheExpendables 3 fame, gets it right. The best scenes in the film are whenReynolds and Jackson are pissing each other off. Reynolds doesn't rolloff expletives like he does in Deadpool but Jackson does go over thetop. Reynolds smartly plays the straight guy to Jackson's moregregarious character and it works.The plot of the film is explained in its title itself. Reynolds is adown-on-his luck private security agent, who is cajoled by hisgirlfriend Elodie Yung, an Interpol agent, into making sure an acehit-man, Samuel L Jackson, reaches the international court at Haguealive to testify against an evil dictator of Belarus ? which is anactual country, by-the-by . The creepy dictator is played by GaryOldman who gets to ham to his heart's content. Now, the bodyguard andthe assassin have a history ? it's revealed that Jackson tried to killReynolds some 28 times in the past ? so one can see that theirrelationship isn't going to be easy. In fact, they start of by tryingto kill each other and only Jackson's injury prevents him from killinghis would-be bodyguard. The rest of film is devoted to the banterbetween them and how they defuse the tension and reach their goal.The film's chief flaw is that director Hughes just doesn't get the toneright. Instead of concentrating on making a buddy movie with asmattering of violence, he goes for the overkill, piling up bodies bythe dozen at every action set piece. Then, there are a couple of goryscenes as well that jar. Gary Oldman executes the wife and child of arebel in cold blood and Reynolds is tortured through electric shocks ina graphic manner. The action scenes too don't have a fluid intensitythat we have come to expect from Hollywood blockbusters. Then, while weget that Reynolds' motives for helping his ex is to get her back, thereare too few scenes between him and Yung to get the chemistry going.Compared to that, the scenes between Jackson and his wife, played bySalma Hayek, are epic. She out-cusses him in a scene set in a jail andwe see a nice montage of her fighting off guys in a bar and Jacksonmooning over her as she uses the jagged edge of a beer bottle to openup a man's neck? that's love at first sight served with a Gothic twist.The film would have fallen flat if not for the efforts of Reynolds andJackson. We can see they are enjoying working with each other and it'stheir camaraderie plus some crazy-ass dialogue that saves the day.Watch the film if you are a Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson fan.Watch Midnight Run instead if you want to watch a real buddy movie?