As the summer doldrums descend upon us with the impending change of theseasons, it is reassuring Hollywood has produced a genuinelyentertaining action comedy to tide us over until the major Thanksgivingand Christmas releases. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson make acharismatic combo with no love lost for each other in the fast-pacedbut formulaic thriller "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" co-starring GaryOldman and Salma Hayek. "Expendables 3" director Patrick Hughes provesnot only that he can orchestrate some extraordinary stunts involvingvehicular mayhem on a modest $30-million budget, but he also getsinspired performances from his gifted cast. Indeed, you've seenvariations of "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" many times before in roadpictures about mismatched heroes, such as the two "48 HRS" movies, "TheRundown," "The Rookie," the "Rush Hour" trilogy, the "Lethal Weapon"series, "The Nice Guys," and "Midnight Run." This adrenalin-laced sagabenefits from catchy dialogue courtesy of "Fire with Fire" scenaristTim O'Connor who gives everybody quotable lines peppered with flavorfulprofanity as well as a plot sizzling with surprises galore. Of course,you know Ryan Reynolds is going to deliver Samuel L. Jackson as awitness to testify against villainous Gary Oldman before the deadlinewhen the latter can be cleared off all charges against his murderousEastern European regime. The destination isn't as much a revelation asthe roller-coaster ride that everybody takes to arrive there in thenick of time. All too often movies like "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" losesteam somewhere in the middle, but Australian director Patrick Hughesmaintains the momentum throughout its 118 minutes. The gauntlet thatour bickering heroic pair must negotiate keeps challenging them rightup until to the last second. Happily, the gals in this slam-bang,grudge match aren't destitute damsels-in-distress, but babes that canshoot straight, smash testicles with their feet, and rival the guyswith their profanity. Clearly, sensitive souls searching forphilosophical insights about life's mysteries should shun thisimplausible but entertaining nonsense.Debonair Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds of "Deadpool") is at the top ofhis game as an elite triple-A bodyguard who will shield any scoundrelwho can afford his services. Bryce knows all the tricks of the trade.As "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" unfolds, our clean-shaven, well-dressed,suit and tie executive has escorted a notorious Japanese arms dealer,Kurosawa (Tsuwayuki Saotome of "London Has Fallen"), to the airport tobid him farewell when a random shot out of the blue obliterates thearms dealer as the latter is peering out the window of his jet atBryce. Our protagonist is stunned beyond expression and watches as hisbodyguard service folds. Initially, Bryce blames his girlfriend,Interpol Agent Amelia Roussel (Elodie Yung of "Gods of Egypt"), for herlack of discretion. Michael believes Amelia leaked word about theJapanese arms dealer's presence. They separate over this breach. Meantime, genocidal Belarusian dictator Vladislav Dukhovich (GaryOldman of "True Romance"), is on trial at The Hague in the Netherlandsfor international human rights violations. As the trial winds down toits inevitable conclusion, the prosecution cannot seem to keep its'witnesses alive long enough for them to testify. The last man scheduledto take the stand against Dukhovich is the world's deadliest hit-man,Darius Kincaid (Samuel L. Jackson of "Pulp Fiction"), who refused anoffer from him. Simply said, Kincaid doesn't murder innocent women andchildren. He has irrefutable evidence which will seal Dukhovich's fate.Basically, Kincaid has cut a deal with the prosecutor to talk if shewill release his wife, Sonia Kincaid (Salma Hayek of "Everly"), from anAmsterdam prison. As Kincaid later tells Sonia, he doesn't care if theysend him to prison because there isn't a prison secure enough to holdhim. Interpol sets out to haul Kincaid from Manchester, England, undera heavily armed guard to The Hague. An informer within the ranks,however, tips off Dukhovich's top assassin, Ivan (Yuri Kolokolnikov of"Game of Thrones"), about the route. Ivan's trigger-happy henchmenambush the Interpol van and wipe out everybody but Amelia and Kincaid.Kincaid catches a slug in the leg before Amelia and he elude thekillers. She escorts Kincaid to a safehouse where he digs the bulletout of his calf as if he were Sylvester Stallone's John Rambo andbandages himself. Afterward, Kincaid refuses flatly to cooperate withInterpol. Reluctantly, Amelia swallows her pride and resorts to Michaelfor help. At first, he wants nothing to do with this suicidal kiss ofdeath exercise. Nevertheless, he caves in to his desperateex-girlfriend's pleas. No sooner have Michael and Kincaid met than theyare shoving pistols in each other's faces. "My job is to keep you outof harm's way," Michael reminds Kincaid. "I am harm's way," Jacksonretorts defiantly. Since his near miss with death during the ambush,Kincaid has gone to packing a pistol. As it turns out, Michael andKincaid discover they are old adversaries, and they spend the rest of"The Hit-man's Bodyguard" swapping insults when they aren't whittlingdown the army of gunmen that outnumbers them. "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" wallows in everything action movie fanscrave. Director Patrick Hughes knows better than to let the expositorydialogue scenes interfere with the plethora of shooting and killing.The body count escalates into double-digits, and Kincaid himself knocksoff almost thirty gunmen. Although our heroes cannot perish, life ishardly a picnic as they dodge one barrage after another. Half of thetime, Kincaid and Michael are working against each other. For example,Kincaid stomps the brakes during a careening car chase and a surprisedMichael performs a header through the windshield but regains hisfooting without missing a stride. Ironically, the relationship betweenthem improves as the odds against their survival worsen. Meanwhile,Gary Oldman arouses our wrath as an appropriately despicable villainwho kills without a qualm. Villains must be hard-boiled in thrillers.Despite its familiarity, "The Hit-man's Bodyguard" delivers everythingthat makes an action movie unforgettable!