The Hit-man's Bodyguard draws on the classic romantic comedy plot wheretwo bickering opposites discover harmony in each other. It was familiar safe even back when Shakespeare unleashed Beatrice andBenedick in Much Ado About Nothing (circa 1598; wow, even before TV).Antagonists become lovers. Or at least adequate room-mates, e.g. allThe Odd Couples.Hit-man Kincaid kills the famous and ace security agent Bryce protectsthem. That makes them opposites, with Bryce apparently enjoying themoral superiority. They have a violent history, with complications. Kincaid accidentallywounded Bryce in one assignment. When Kincaid stumbled into anothertarget and scored a miraculous hit on a Japanese drug-dealer, heunwittingly ruined Bryce's confidence and career. Also his love-life,because Bryce assumed the killing of his client was due to his loverAmelia's betrayal. In this narrative Amelia ? an Interpol officer? coerces Bryce intoguarding the notorious Kincaid to ensure his testimony against aRussian crime boss at The Hague. Kincaid finds any security assistantsan unnecessary encumbrance. He does better on his own. He survives allthe massive assaults that eliminate his other guards. There are many.Of course the two antagonists develop a respect and affection for eachother. Indeed Kincaid acknowledges his unwanted partner'seffectiveness. He also helps Bryce win back Amelia, first by unheededcounsel, then by persuading her. Kincaid dangerously pauses his ownmission to save the captured Bruce from torture. So the mercenary serial killer has a heart. He even his own romanticweak spot, the wild Sonia, who has been jailed as a trap for Kincaid.Only to secure her release does he agree to testify. Both women are strong. Amelia fights off an attack by her boss, theRussian mole. Kincaid meets Sonia when she wins a (co-ed) Mexican barfight. She is best defined later, when she sits in the serenity of theLotus position while spewing obscenities at Kincaid's absence and atthe men responsible for it. Sonia is so dominant her larger cell-matecowers in the corner whenever commanded. Both men are given the strong women to assure the viewer that there'snothing effeminate in their bromance. America's penchant fortightly-bonded male heroes often suggests a suppressed homosexualrelationship, from Tom and Huck down to Starsky and Hutch, Butch andSundance, etc., etc. They're given at least one hetero interest toabsolve them. Kincaid's virtue is telegraphed by the tattoo on his neck and arm. Theimage of crows departing a skeletal tree evokes his first kill. We seethat tree and birds when the teen-age Kincaid murders the brute whokilled Kincaid's pastor father. That set Kincaid's career path. The tattoo counteracts the Biblical mark of Cain, which brands themurderer as evil. This contract killer snuffs only the evil, whom thesupposed hero Bryce is paid to protect. The moral advantage hasshifted. This intelligent comic thriller has two driving energies. One is thevirtually non-stop physical action, the chases and attacks. The otheris the verbal intensity, comic, profane, often graphically poetic. Bothadvance the bonding of apparent but not true opposites.