This is the type of film from which I always expect to receive a funbit of entertainment. I know that I'm not going to watch a masterpiece,but I also hope it's not a waste of my time. Well, The Hit-man'sBodyguard isn't exactly a good movie, but it's also not a majorletdown.Easy to say that the standouts are undoubtedly the performances of RyanReynolds and Samuel L. Jackson. As a film critic, there are always someaspects of a movie that I already know that they're going to be great.I mean, who goes into a film with RR and SLJ and expect them to shanktheir acting?! Fun fact: their chemistry is awesome and it carries thewhole thing.Samuel L. Jackson might even have the best lines of the script. It'sfunny how he plays a more relaxed and cool guy, while Reynolds portraysa very meticulous and careful type of special bodyguard. Usually, theyplay the other one's role so it's somehow interesting to see therelationship between their characters evolve. Ryan Reynolds is alsohilarious, as he has been in his most recent movies. Honestly, theybasically play an exaggerated version of their public personas in reallife.Nevertheless, their characters are surprisingly well-developed. Theirbackstories are compelling and they justify well enough why theyfollowed their respective career paths. They're mostly showed inwell-edited and captivating flashbacks that never seem out of place, sokudos to you, Patrick Hughes.Elodie Yung (Amelia Roussel) proves that she deserves more roles inbig-budget features because she's really great in this one. Gary Oldmanis good as the villain, but here is where the screenplay starts tocrumble. It's yet another cliché villain with no real motivations to dowhat he's doing and he doesn't even appear in the film that much. Inaddition to this, he's the main reason why the tone is so unbalancedsince it feels a completely different movie every time he shows up. Thescript quickly jumps from a "buddy-cop" comedy to someone shooting achild ... Off-screen. Still, that happens.The humor has its ups and downs. There are some good chuckles here andthere, but some jokes just fall entirely flat. When they do work, it'smainly due to the excellent job of the cast that is able to pull themoff. The action is fine, there are a bunch of cool chasing scenes (theones through Amsterdam are indeed pretty great), but their editinglacks quality. In some shots, I can even see the stunt man driving thecar, but thankfully the sequences are long enough to make me kind offorget those mistakes.I praised Elodie Yung's performance and I keep that compliment.However, she's connected to one of my main issues with theprotagonists' essence. Both Darius and Michael are who they are due tothe love that they had in their lives, but once they show how theromances started, everything stops making sense. It's so cliché that iteven becomes unrealistic and it's by far the laziest section of thescreenplay in the whole film. Literally, it's like they "bumped intoeach other and fell in love" kind of romances.Following that train of thought, this isn't groundbreaking. It's anaction-comedy in its raw, predictable form. Fifteen minutes into themovie and I already knew the entire plot, so obviously every attempt toelevate the suspense or tension in a scene, fails miserably, also dueto extreme foreshadowing. Consequently, the first half of the filmdrags a lot and it becomes a bit boring, but the action-heavy third actpartially compensates the previously wasted time. Patrick Hughes shouldhave reduced the runtime by 20-25 minutes, at least.All in all, The Hit-man's Bodyguard doesn't disappoint me, but it alsodoesn't exceed my expectations. Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jacksoncarry the whole thing, either by pulling off some fine jokes or byperfectly portraying some surprisingly well-explored characters.However, both the plot and the villain follow every cliché in the book,as well as the unrealistic love stories that are so important to themain characters' personalities (Elodie Yung is great, though). Thefirst half of the movie drags too much, consequently stretching theruntime too much, but it's still a movie that most audiences willfairly enjoy.