Typical international cast diversity propaganda, comedy wanna be,cliché ridden, mundane and at the left.The first hour of the movie: 2 short action scenes and the rest isunfunny dialog in a roomSecond hour of the movie: 2 short action scenes and still the sameretarded unfunny dialog with your cliché ending.The acting felt forced. The story was far-fetched, with your clichéRussian villain with half a brain, the action was not believable andsilly, the dialog was annoying and unfunny.This movie by far is not an action movie, since it has only 15 minutesof action at best and that's out of 2 hours of running time.Most of the movie the people are talking in a room, lead charactersconstantly arguing with one another for no reason at all, just so tobring up one unrelated to the plot issue or the other. It seems thatthis movie was about interracial relationships, not action or comedy.The dialog was silly, if not to say idiotic, overacted, not funny.The movie is just not funny overall. The only reason it made money wasthe star power behind this movie. Oldman, Jackson, Reynolds, Hayek. Iguess most of the movie budget was spent on them and the rest on thescript. Thus, the comedic fail.All went to see Jackson and Reynolds who are both good actors, and theyboth sucked in this one. Oldman, usually brilliant, is really trying toact as the Russian villain, only to look silly as another cliché "evilRussian guy". Salma Hayek is simply annoying in this one.The problem with this movie is that there's too much political agendaand they forgot about the humour and action.There are literally no jokes through out the movie, only silly actingat best and sarcastic passive aggressive BS.So, there is almost no action and no jokes. So how in hell is this anaction-comedy?This is a crappy hardly believable weirdly romantic interracial, may beeven gay, feminist drama with really annoying acting, two reallyempowered women of different ethnic backgrounds and the two lead malecharacters are both cucks.Basically, this movie is about two cucks who are being nagged on by twoempowered bitches and the Russian guy who is trying to kill them all,coz he had a life before, but now he got no life.What a tragedy. Really sad and boring movie.