While I love the humour and chemistry between Ryan Reynolds and SamuelL. Jackson, the movie unfortunately falls into the cliché trap in termsof the plot and execution. I would suggest that viewers do not havehigh expectations when watching this movie as it does not take itselftoo seriously. Though marketed as an action comedy movie, I applaud thecomedy inside, but I am disappointed with the action sequences.As the title states, The Hit-man's Bodyguard (an oxymoron itself as hitmen normally kill high value targets which bodyguards protect) is astory about Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds), a disgraced Triple A ratedexecutive protection agent (by the way he emphasizes on this fact A LOTin the movie) being coerced to protect Darius Kincaid (Samuel L.Jackson), the most notorious incarcerated hit-man ever, from beingslaughtered by henchmen of Vladislav Dukhovich (Gary Oldman), thepower-hungry, ruthless and bloodthirsty dictator of Belarus, as theymake their way to the International Criminal Court for Kincaid totestify against Dukhovich.Probably the best point of the movie is the chemistry between the twoprotagonists. It is noteworthy that they were enemies initially(According to Reynold, Jackson tried to kill him at least 28 timespreviously) and they started off by trying to kill each other, withonly Jackson's leg injury standing in the way. Throughout the movie,this relationship between them grew positively as they banter with eachother and surviving through numerous assaults. It is a good choice toput Reynold as the "boring", meticulous and strict bodyguard (insteadof his profanities-laden jokes in Deadpool) and Jackson as thehumorous, cool dude. Jackson was given the license to go over the tophere, with some 122 expletives spoke by him throughout the film. Theircharacters when placed together, really created many funny moments as Ispent time laughing at Jackson's crude jokes and the shittycircumstances that Reynold always found himself in. I also loved howthe movie spent some time covering their backstories on how they cameto their jobs, and especially how Reynold got disgraced from his elitestatus. The movie also introduces the "sidekicks" of the protagonists, namelythe ex-girlfriend of Michael Bryce, Amelia Roussel (Élodie Yung) andthe wife of Darius Kincaid, Sonia Kincaid (Salma Hayek). I havecontrasting opinions over the chemistry between the couples. ForJackson and Hayek, I could feel the strong love and emotions betweenthem, especially when the movie recalled how they fell for each otherat first sight in a rowdy bar at Honduras. What is very striking wasthe portrayal of Hayek as an equally, if not more, passionate andvicious person than Jackson, where she single-handily severed thecarotid artery of a man while staring at Jackson at the bar. However,the movie unfortunately does not devote much time to develop therelationship between Yung and Reynold, as they suddenly became fromsquabbling ex-lovers to an item at the end. I find that the film feels unbalanced between being hilarious or beingdark and serious, which I disagree with. Granted, Gray Oldman performedvery well (as usual) in his villainous role, though his portrayal ofDukhovich is of a sadistic and bloodthirsty dictator. We got to see himkilling a child and a mother (off-screen) in cold blood to torment acaptured scientist in Belarus. There was even a scene of Reynold beingelectronically tortured by Dukhovich's men to extract informationregarding Kincaid's where-about. I found these scenes to be distastefulas they do not suit the comedic and light-heartedness of the movie. Iwould very much rather the whole show to be full of jokes and comedy,instead of such dark scenes.Another criticism I have is regarding the cliché plot-line. The momentI was introduced to the main characters and villain, I could guesscorrectly the whole plot. Every attempt made in the film to createsuspense or tension would then not work out on me. In fact, the firstthird of the film was very draggy and boring, with a lot of narrationand backstories, and I felt that the show could have been shorter by 20minutes or so. Towards the end, both the plot and action picked up,which kind off compensated for the slow first third. However, theactions were not of Hollywood's standard as the direction and editingwere lacking quality. There was this long chase scene in Amsterdam, butI did not find it impressive due to it lacking intensity. Long chasingsequences doesn't mean it will surely be good!In conclusion, if you just want to de-stress and relax after a longday, then you should watch this film as it is guaranteed to make youlaugh. But if you are looking for great plot and action scenes, then Iam sorry to say that this movie does not fulfill your criteria.