Dear readers, now I am reviewing Hit-man's Bodyguard the movie. Well,the title of the movie is not special because we can know whether thismovie is about Hit-man or about Bodyguard or combination between them,and we can also know that this is an action movie. Like other actionmovie, this movie contains the blood and bleeding scenes, sexuallycontents and hard languages, rude scenes, etc., so if there arechildren with you to watch this movie, make sure that you activateparental advisory ethics. For the story review, this movie is tellingus about how a Hit-man and a Bodyguard who meet each other, strugglingtogether, and being partner to defeat a Belarussian dictator. WhileSamuel L. Jackson (Hit-man) meet Ryan Renolds (Bodyguard) in actionmovie, everybody knows that this movie is packed with cool scenes andsome comedies. Yes it is. I can tell you that this movie can make theaudience a good feeling to respect the Interpol, as well as laughing atthe same time, because this movie's good points is not just about easyplot of the story, but also the laughable scenes in the middle oftroubles. Until then, this movie is quite fun, but I can give somecritics, well I am movie reviewer. First of my critic is about someplots that are forced to be happened, for example when the the Hit-mansaves the Bodyguard in many scenes, the audience never know how theHit-man can detect the Bodyguard's location, this thing just happen inmovie, hard to be copied in the real life. The second critic is aboutthe appearance of international justice system of ICC. It is true thatICC can hold trial against dictators around the world, but why thismovie is choosing a Belarussian case. According to Edward Said'sOrientalism, this is the view of the Western politic that construct theidea of ex-Russian countries are having trouble with corruption anddictator-ism. Well, but those points of critic are not reducing the funfeeling of watching this movie, to see the beautiful city of Amsterdam,the handsome Ryan Renolds, and the sexy Salma Hayek. The scenes styleof running, surviving, combating, and shooting are look like James Bondmovie and the plots that are easy predictable and hard-dying mainactors are definitely look like Die Hard, that's why I said this movieis the combination of James Bond and Die Hard. Happy watching, actionmovie lovers!