I didn't know much about this movie but I like both Samuel L Jacksonand Ryan Reynolds plus lots of it is shot in my country so I was mildlycurious.The story starts with the character of Michael Bryce (Ryan Reynolds),who is a triple-A executive protection agent and busy delivering aJapanese client to the airport. However, Michael is not a triple-Aagent for long as the deliverance of his client ends in disaster. Twoyears later, he is reduced to a second-class bodyguard, trying to makea living and still unhappy about the incident which cost him hisstatus. His life will soon start to get much more excited when hisex-girlfriend Amelia (Elodie Yung) gives him his next job: take theextremely dangerous professional hit-man Darias Kincaid(Samuel LJackson) from Manchester to the Hague in the Netherlands. Kincaid hasto testify against a Belorussian dictator because he is the only onethat can provide hard evidence to lock this man behind bars. Michaelagrees, but soon founds out that transporting a professional hit-manwho is hunted by lots of angry Belorussians is not an easy task. This is a very entertaining action movie with loads of comedy momentsthrown in. Off course there are many "buddy" movies like these but whenthe main character have lot's of chemistry together, they can reallywork. And with Jackson and Reynolds that is definitely the case! Theyobviously had a lot of fun together and there are some very good jokesthat made me laugh out loud. The background for both characters is alsonicely done and they develop a relationship throughout the movie. GaryOldmen does his best to try to play an evil dictator but because he'sin court and in prison most of the time, it doesn't really work. Thesupporting characters and the other villains are not much more thenplot devices and dudes for Jackson and Reynolds to kill, but sometimesthat's all you need to make a fast paced action movie. What does work is the excellent stunt-work and fight scenes. There aresome terrific car chases, great shoot outs and exciting fist fights.Almost every kind of vehicle is used in this movie to make a chase in,even boats. The Dutch cities look very cool in this movie as a setting,we should do this more often.. ;) You shouldn't expect much realism ina movie like this and the plot is very simple, it reminds me of the80's action movies, but when you look past that, your in for a lot offun. I recommend watching this when your in the mood of a fast paced actionmovie that simply delivers.