Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is very good when no one istalking. The opening sequence where our leads are nowhere in sight isprobably the most emotionally moving piece of film I've seen sincePixar released Inside Out. The visuals are stunning. The soundtrack isdecent, and the setting is intriguing.Here's why none of this matters:The male lead couldn't act his way out of a wet paper bag, and the plothas more holes than Swiss cheese. The romance is shoehorned in,resulting in one of the must unconvincing depictions of love I've seenin a very long time. And of course, despite having a fascinatinguniverse to play with, we see almost none of it.Let's start with our male lead. First off, he looks WAY too young forthe role he was trying to play. He also always has this sort of dopeygrin on his face, and no ability to emote beyond that. I also found hisvoice grating, but that's personal preference. On the whole, his actingis the single biggest problem with this movie, and it drags everyoneelse down.Moving on to the plot. Here be spoilers, you have been warned. Let'sstart with Bubble's death. WHY? Why did she die? Supposedly she wasinjured, but we never saw her take a single hit. She just dies with noexplanation. Great. Moving on to the biggest suspension of disbeliefkiller, how in the hell did the aliens go from an early agrariansociety to space faring technology in the span of thirty years? Sure,they could reverse engineer the ship that broke their planet, but theycouldn't read the language on the ship. It routinely takes decades justto translate an unknown language, let alone absorb an entire tech basethousands of years ahead of your own. And now the romance. There is ZERO chemistry between the two actors.Cara is clearly trying, but Dane just isn't giving her anything to workwith, and the script isn't helping either. I'd have believed it more ifshe'd punched him in the final scene instead of kissing him.Over all, Valerian is not the worst movie out there, but it's certainlynot good. It doesn't even have the sense of novelty or absurditynecessary to be entertainingly bad. Instead it manages to be bad in arather boring way. It's not "Ask for a refund" bad, but it's certainlynot worth your money.