The Hollywood line-up this year doesn't provide anything remotelyinteresting. So don't let a shaky story-line, unnecessary dialogue andslightly hammy acting dissuade you from watching the most stunningvisuals since "Avatar".Based on 60s French cult comic series "Valerian & Laureline" - mysteryto me why didn't they keep that title -, the magnificent openingsequence sets the tone for a more esoteric approach to Sci-Fi than"Star Wars". I won't let on about the story too much so as not to ruinany element of surprise. Let's just say they really should have lostthe romantic chitchat. It makes the film drag at inconvenient times.With real writers, this could have become a classic.The draw is the eye candy and there's plenty of it. Again I cannot ingood conscience divulge any details. Again let's just say that one getstreated to the most creative use of lemons in the history of film. I'llhave to watch it again to catch all the pop art references. Aliens werenever more beautiful, more sophisticated, more varied. And while theRihanna scene cannot compete with the opera scene in "5th Element",it's the best use of a performance act in film in years.Alas, when one thinks "5th Element", the main weaknesses of "Valerian"stands out clearly: mediocre acting and a terrible script. BloodlessDeHaan is the most dreadfully miscast lead since Tom Hiddleston in"Kong: Skull Island". Why didn't they cast the likes of Theo James withover $200 mil to burn? Cara Delevingne is cool but no Milla Jovovich -Besson loved Jovovich for real and the camera and editing really showedthat. Delevingne's Laureline comes across as a run-of-the-mill heroineeven though she's doing a solid job. Clive Owen cannot even remotelycompare to Gary Oldman's Hitleresque splendor. Strangely enough, theCGI aliens do the best acting and have all the memorable lines.Besson's script-writing has always been shaky but seems to getprogressively worse.Still, compared to this year's Hollywood fare of sequels, yet anothersuperhero franchise and musicals with thespians who cannot sing,"Valerian" is infinitely more entertaining.