Now - i am aware that there are tons of negative reviews of the title.But i really did enjoy watching it. I do not know the comic that thismovie is based on - so i did not come into the theater with any realexpectations regarding converting a novel into a movie.What i love is the world - it is a very optimistic world - but not aparadis world... a world with problems, big problems - yet amazinglyoptimistic. I can even understand the motivation of the "bad" guy - toa point. I liked how the victims were much more victims of circumstance- or as it is sometimes called - collateral damage of powers beyondcomprehension. I loved how the world is build ... how the charactersfit into the world - and not how the world is spun around thecharacters. For a sci-fi movie - i found the story and environment veryrich and powerful, very vibrant and exciting. I wanted to know moreabout the world, its creatures, its stories.The protagonists felt relevant - but in the end ... not much more thanlittle cogs in the massive gears that make a small part of the world...which i appreciate. Although i understand the critcism about the leadsnot really fitting the role - i had no real problem with it. They aremore "smart" (with the male being more street smart, the female beingmore logic driven - but both being much stronger as a team thanseparated) they do not need massive muscles and physical appearance.They were OK, both cocky, both dedicated - and i also actually likedthe banter and chemistry .. kind of. Admittedly, it was not the best ofmovies - but i have seen far worse.What i liked most was the business of the world - reminding me much on5th element, the colours, the noise. It had a very 5th element feelabout it (no surprise there) Well, what did i not care for....The CG was so massive in this movie and fluctuated in Quality that itfelt less like a live action movie and more like a cartoon (a lot morelike Roger Rabbit in toonland than anything else) - I am aware that CGstill have problems with vibrant, bright and colourful environmentscompared to moody, rainy, dark ones. So while some scenes were amazing(usually dark ones) the bright ones were just too artificial ...actually worse than Avatar, which is quite some years old by now.The impact of "death" and "killing" in this movie was odd. For one - itwas the main storyline - but death seemed like a no issue otherwise -very dystopian but without the feel of it. Ah - and the throne-room scene was terrible as a whole... verydisconnected from the storyline and movie. Other than that - i liked it. I even think it is very re-watchable.