I think the most appropriate review of Valerian I've read here is:"Better than the last 5 Star Wars films". And that's spot on. Yes, it'sno "The Empire Strikes Back". It's not as striking as "Star Wars" (ANew Hope) was in 1977... but that's again because Lucas got a lot, andI mean A LOT of inspiration from the original Valerian comics.If this spaceship, the Intruder, looks a bit like the MillenniumFalcon, or some aliens remind you of some in Star Wars... remember boththe Intruder and the Valerian comics came before Star Wars.The plot is acceptable. Nothing really crazy difficult or surprising,but nothing bad or really insulting. You see who the bad guy is fromthe beginning, and that's not much. But it is a fun action movie, withgorgeous visuals and a good pace. You don't get bored for a moment, thescenes don't lag, and it's overall interesting. I was kept having totalfun during the whole movie, never feeling my intelligence was insultedand never bored.The pace is wonderful. The action is good. The secondary acting isgreat. Chops to Rihanna here, she eats the camera when she's on.I admit I was wary about the starring couple. Comic-book Valerian wasolder and ruggedly attractive, with a square jaw and crooked nose.Comic-book Laureline should look more or less like Mila Jovovich in the5th element. In DeHaan and Delevingne, it's as if the casting had beenswitched: he looks beautiful, young and soft, and she looks rugged,with a square jaw and hard.DeHaan doesn't really believe it at the beginning. It's uncomfortableto see how he seems a bit lost. Possibly all that 3D, he's not a badactor, especially when he's interacting with other humans. He getsbetter throughout the film, and at the end he's fully on it. OK, hewasn't MY Valerian, and I wish Besson had got the best of him also forthe beginning of the film, but it's OK.I was even more worried about Delevingne... and I shouldn't have. Sheacts better than DeHaan. She's into it, "believes" the story all thetime. She moves really well, all her modeling experience of years isreally, really paying off, she has an impressive screen presence. Andshe's more comfortable with the 3D, also probably coming from herpractice looking at cameras and making expressions only for photograph,without interaction. I was gladly surprised with her. I really wishBesson had ordered her hair dyed redhead, and I think the Laurelinhairstyle would suit her, but I guess Besson wanted her to lookimpressive, not pretty.All in all, it's a movie that is very worth to watch at the cinema, andin 3D it's going to be spectacular. I'll watch it again this weekend.If you watch it in the small screen, you will regret having missed itat the cinema. Don't say you weren't warned.