Honestly, getting someone to review this movie who has no understanding(from reading the review) of everything that went into making thismovie, and what this movie actually has to offer is sad and a detrimentto this movie by expressing opinions of something that the reviewer hasno proper knowledge of. Firstly you ask what went wrong for a reboot to be made. The AmazingSpider-Man is what was wrong, the mediocre pieced together story with adark and depressing premise for a character that's meant to be lighthearted, goofy and young. Getting a 30 year old Actor of AndrewGarfield to portray a young Peter Parker didn't gel at all.Secondly Sony didn't want to continue with Andrew Garfield after the2nd Spiderman movie and due to the licensing rights Sony made withMarvel (pre Disney Ownership) they have to make a Spiderman moviewithin so many years or they lose the rights which then go back toMarvel, now owned by Disney. What transpired from this was Amy Pascal from Sony and Kevin Feige fromMarvel coming to agreement as quoted "Sony has the rights, that's notchanging. Have Sony pay for the movie, distribute the movie, market themovie. Just let us make the movie and incorporate him into ouruniverse." and in doing so a reboot of Spiderman was born. I see noissue with this due to Marvels success so far with their franchise.Marvel gets the rights to all Spiderman Merchandise which they willmake quite a bit of money on, also using Spiderman in their movies inwhich they keep the profits, and also Spiderman Homecoming 2 (probablynot the name) will lead the MCU into Phase 4, which shows thecommitment and investment from both sides to make this work. In doing this Spiderman has a great mesh with the Marvel universe, andwhat comic book fans and Spiderman fans have always wanted since theThe Amazing Spider-Man reboot wasn't that well received. In this moviethere are so many Easter Eggs, from mention of Miles Morales (Black/Latino Spiderman), brief showing of a possible Villain inScorpion. The showing of the Prowler, Shocker, The Tinkerer andreferences to previous Marvel films. If you wanted to go into this movie expecting a full on action andstory-less movie and lots of spider-man flying through the city andsaving the world, then you wont get this here. What will you get thoughis a great introduction to a character of Spider-man showing his trueself as portrayed by the comic books, but not told the same old way, afresh and dynamic approach to creating the character making us feel forthe character, and showing that Spider-man doesn't have to save theworld but still can make a difference and save the day even if thestakes aren't that high. All in all I feel this movie has to be watched more than once to trulysee and understand how brilliant a director Jon Watts is, and how hemade a perfect comic book movie.