Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets - I now have threequestions for the world: Who really killed Kennedy, who kidnapped theLindbergh baby, and who greenlit this film? In the dead of night,writer/director Luc Besson broke into STX Entertainment headquarters,and stole $209M to finance an adaptation of a French comic book <--- -I'm more apt to believe this than a check being slid across a tableafter this thing was pitched. Somebody please start a Go Fund Me forthe studio.I knew when I saw the first trailer that this wouldn't be a financialsuccess, but I still rooted for it heavily. The Fifth Element was sucha fun, original sci-fi movie that I had complete faith that he couldbring something incredible to the screen with today's technology. It'swithout a doubt the most gorgeous thing I've seen displayed this year,but it might as well have been a screen saver for the depth of story itpossesses.City of a Thousand Distractions, a Thousand Sidetracks, a ThousandDigressions, take your pick. I would have thought the thing wasentirely improvised had it not been so heavily CGI dependent. And forall I know they just built the effects around the haphazard directionthese actors were gong in. I would be hard pressed to provide you witha more circuitous route from opening to close in a movie in recentmemory. It is the true definition of aimless.In a movie with Clive Owen, Ethan Hawke, Dane DeHaan, and CaraDelevingne, the best actor in the movie is...Rihanna? She was the onepart of the trailer that had me rolling my eyes, but she seemed to bethe only one that actually cared about her character. I'm not talkingabout her *ahem* skills she shows off when she's introduced, but reallyher portrayal of a vulnerable, but talented artist. Would it be rude ofme to ask how Cara Delevingne continues to get work? I don't reallyhave anything else to add when it comes to her performance, I'm justwondering.In another blow to original sci-fi fare, Valerian makes it that muchharder for the next promising idea to find it's way to the silverscreen. A massive mistake by the studio. A new worst of 2017. Abeautiful disaster. 2/10.