Spider-Man, at his core, is the original kid superhero. His innocenceand naivete are as important as his intellect and wit. After twoprevious incarnations and five movies, it's this version that finallyputs together a truly faithful portrayal of Peter Parker. Fittingly, ittook the MCU to do it. Tom Holland eschews the portrayals of hispredecessors, and infuses Parker with a genuinely optimistic view ofthe world, and almost a boy crush on Tony Stark. Peter is awkward,nervous and ambitious, to the point where he nearly wrecks himself inorder to show Stark how useful he can be. There is a lot of fun to behad in this movie, be it through Spidey's quips, his amusinginteractions with people, or just times where he falls flat whiletrying to be this great superhero. Peter's classmates get a fair bitmore work; this is the most complete Flash ever put to film, and Ned isa perfect best friend for Peter. It's a fast movie as well, and MichaelKeaton helps keep that going as the counterbalance, his careerrenaissance continuing in excellent fashion. Vulture is not the mostheadline-grabbing Spidey villain, certainly, but neither was ObediahStane for Iron Man, nor Abomination for Hulk. They worked well becauseof who portrayed them, and this is another case of that working in thefavor of the story. Keaton's motivations are simple, but not the sameas a typical villain, which makes him stand out, and potentially showsthat the MCU can create guys who are more than one-trick ponies. Thismovie paces itself well, and just when you think it's safe, it pulls asharp right on you to bring the final act into focus. There's justenough Tony Stark to bolster the bottom line, without having him takeover the film. He's the dad, such as it is, who'd have thought? IronMan is the interweaving thread in this universe, so it's appropriate hebe here, and the aforementioned dad role is amusing and in a way theperfect method to bring Spidey along. Overall, a great time. The stakesaren't as high as they're going to be or have been in MCU movies, butthat's okay. Spidey just needs to keep his feet on the ground.