Watch Spiderman Homecoming You Reviewlove this movie. Best movie how Young Peter Parker Started out. Spider-Man for the past 15 years. First there was Tobey Maguire, whounder the direction of Sam Raimi for three films ushered in the modernsuperhero era, and then there was Andrew Garfield whose two films withMarc Webb were immediately forgettable. And now, like all obedientfranchises, they're trying to start all over again, this time with themuch more age-appropriate Tom Holland in "Spider-Man: Homecoming."And you know what? Superhero cynicism aside, "Spider-Man: Homecoming"is really fun. Director Jon Watts, whose only previous feature filmcredit is the indie thriller "Cop Car," has confidently put his stampon the friendly neighborhood web slinger by making one bold move:actually casting teenagers to play teenagers.Yes, after two films with late 20-somethings donning the Spidey suitand getting bitten by that pesky spider, Spider-Man finally gets to bea kid (and we get to skip over the whole origin/ Uncle Ben story).Instead, Watts' film, which is upsettingly credited to sixscreenwriters, picks up with Peter Parker (Holland) right before,during and after the events of "Captain America: Civil War," whichintroduced Holland's Spider-Man in that epic airport Avengers battle.Instead of a "last week in Marvel" segment to catch up, we're given arefresher via Peter's perspective. He's just an excited kid who filmedthe whole adventure and ever since has been thirsting for more Avengersaction. He tries, endearingly, to prove his mettle on his own as hewaits idly in Queens for a call from Tony Stark ? giving directions tothe elderly, retrieving stolen bikes and doing flips on command.What he doesn't know is that for eight years, there has been asupervillain emerging in his town in the form of a wronged constructionworker, Adrian (Michael Keaton), who decided to break bad after losinga job to a government crew that clears post- superhero fight disasterareas. Peter, with his true-blue heart and naivete and eagerness toprove himself, of course takes on more than he can handle, while alsotrying to navigate high school, homework, crushes and the awkwardnessof just being a teenager. Time passes easily and just when you mightworry that you don't actually care about any of the characters, thestory throws a great curveball that carries interest to the end.The film is overflowing with stellar talent, even in the smallest ofroles and not counting the Marvel loaners in Robert Downey Jr. (whooozes charisma and charm even when phoning it in for a handful ofscenes) and Jon Favreau. In the high school alone, there's the too-cool Michelle (Zendaya), the crush Liz (Laura Harrier) and the adorablebreakout best friend Ned (Jacob Batalon). Hannibal Buress and MartinStarr are there, too, to add reliable laughs. Adrian's bad-guy crewincludes Logan Marshall-Green and Michael Cernus. Even Spider-Man'ssuit has an Oscar winner behind its voice (Jennifer Connelly).Then of course there is Holland, a terrific actor since "TheImpossible," who is the perfect amount of empathetic, excitable andclueless to make Peter Parker work now and for years to come. For themost part, "Homecoming" is a joy. It's light-hearted, smart, a littlemeta and the first Marvel film to really consider what it might be likefor kids living in a world where superheroes are real.My only quibble with "Spider-Man: Homecoming" is that for all of itscharming and infectious realism about race, high school life and classissues, it has a bit of a woman problem. Simply: every significant andsemi-significant female character looks like a model. It wouldn't be anissue of the film not so spot-on with casting such a realistic varietyof men and teenage boys, or if it were less concerned with hammeringdown on the "Aunt May is hot" bit that goes a little too far, but whentaken together you start to wonder if maybe things would have beendifferent if just one of the six screenwriters was a woman. But just asPeter has some growing up to do, so does this young franchise.