Comic books, a lovable source of entertainment in many forms. Whilesuperheroes from the DC and Marvel universe shows take the cake, thereare a few unique nuggets hidden in the colorful pages. Valerian is onesuch series, a sci-fi adventure that held a bounty of potential comicgold that would certainly make for a good movie. Turns out, Hollywooddid its research and this weekend, the cinematic rendition of this talehits theaters. With all the hype, I hope this film will be the movie ofthe summer! What is my verdict? Let's get started with another Robbie'smovie review. LIKES:Part of the story: Science Fiction stories with fantasy can go eitherway in quality as seen in a wide variety of movies. Part of Valerian'sstory captures a sincere element that tugs at the heart stringsconcerning one of the races. While not the most complex of stories,this subplot has a nice dynamic to it as you learn of the race andtheir fight for survival. A few other tangent tales are decent as well,primarily one concerning Rihanna character Bubble the exotic shapeshifter. This tale had a little heart to it, it just needed more to becomplete. The Graphics: The trailers weren't kidding when they hyped up thegraphics of this movie. Valerian's strongest selling point is thebeautiful visuals contained in its computer-generated setting. Itstarts with the creatures that inhabited the galaxy and expands beyondthat to bring out some truly imaginative world building that this dayand age can perfect. The cities themselves are polished with each levelhaving its own sense of style, "class" and personality that wascaptured in the high definition graphics. One will certainly see thebudget went into the design of this movie, and many of the scenes arecertainly geared towards the 3-D ride they want to take you on,especially in those chase scenes. Is it as good as Avatar's visuals?While certainly imaginative, Valerian has some polishing to do to matchthe realism in that film. However, the creatures are certainly morediverse than those found in its blue cousin's world. Of note: I wouldhave loved to see more costumes and makeup to offset the technology andadd a little more realism to the mix. DISLIKES:The Story Overall: While there is one component that touched my heart,Valerian has issues in the story department overall. Much of the taleis a rather rushed mess, devoid of any sustenance that the trailerspromised. The dark looming threat that threatened to collapse theartificial city is nothing what I expected. Truth be told, the bigrevelation was kind of lame and expected (I was able to decipher muchof the mystery within the first hour.) There was little suspense in thetale, and the execution didn't add much "flare" to it. In regards tocharacter development, that was also lacking, the two leads barelyevolving past their superficial soldier roles from the beginning. Theresult were boring characters that I had difficulty attaching to. Ican't say the acting or chemistry between the two was not thestrongest, which did not help their case any further. Action: Or should I say lack of action. Despite the promises by thetrailers, Valerian is rather lax in regards to stunning actionsequences. The blaster scenes hold some potential, but are rather blandand short-lived to get hyped up for. A few chase scenes manage toinject a little speed into the pace of this movie, but unfortunatelyyou have seen the entire scene in the trailer, leaving little more toget hyped about. The close combat scenes weren't much improved, withmany of them being overacted, forced, and somewhat sluggish. Whilecertainly not absent, Valerian's visual style should have had moreexciting action to compliment it, but sadly that was not the case. Under use of creatures: With all the world building and alien design,you would think they would utilize it more. Unfortunately, much of thecreatures and behemoths are shown off only in passing and have littlerelevance to the story. Ironically, most of the extras are just humansdressed in interesting outfits, while the rest of the CGi creaturesremain isolated from our heroes. The lack of integration made for anunderutilized cast, and the loss of creativity was difficult to see.Hopefully this will be rectified in future installments. Editing: Perhaps the biggest dislike for me was some of the poorediting in this movie. Valerian has two sequences that were weakintegrations into the plot, feeling irrelevant in the grand scheme. Oneof these scenes adds nearly 30 minutes to the movie, and if deletedwould do little damage other than dropping one celebrity exotic dance.Why this was the start of the rescue?I don't know, but it weakened thefilm by kinking up the pace of the film. The Verdict:It's true that Valerian has stunning looks, animation, and worldbuilding, but outside of that there isn't much to say wow too. Ihaven't read the comic book, but this movie did not feel as if itbrought the story to life, nor the action the novel most likely held.Without these components, or better editing for that matter, the137-minute run time is a bit of a snooze fest in regards to sci-fioperas. Still, the visual effects are certainly theater worthy, but Istill heed caution in seeing this one on the silver screen. My scores: Action/Adventure/Sci-Fi: 6.0 Movie Overall: 5.0