This film takes its time "setting the table."About one hour into watching this on Netflix, I turned to my viewingcompanion with the query, "When is this going to take off?" Plenty ofpowerful scenes (I had no trouble grasping the drift of the variousstrands), but they refused to coalesce. Get on with it, already! To mymind, all this material could have been cut and the story rewritten,incorporating the essentials either by reference or in flashback.The fact is, there's just too much material for a film of this lengthto handle satisfactorily. Consequently, it falls uncomfortably betweentwo stools. It deserves to be either a multi-episode TV series or to bepared and concentrated down to one person's story.So many characters to follow., each and every one of them fascinating.I wanted to spend more time with them. But what the film must contentus with is a sketch - a suggestive sketch, but a only sketch.Another symptom of the need to squeeze the material down to fit thetime constraints of a feature film, was the voice-overs. Necessaryshort cuts, no doubt, but they took me out of the film.On the positive side, the interludes of gospel music provided some ofthe most satisfying moments: then the film simply soars. Eventually, the film picks up and gathers momentum for the shatteringclimax, though here, too, it left me dissatisfied. Attempting to strikea balance between redemptive love on the one hand, and violence on theother, it pulled its punches, ending up once again in the queasy,sentimental middle.Frankly, I felt cheated; and not only by the story's coyness. The toneis off. I wanted it to end starkly and utterly brutal. The message ofhopefulness and of the power of love for healing, well, that must beoffered in another character's story, not in Ronsel's.I don't think it's the job of Ronsel's story to mitigate the tragedyand comfort the audience. On the contrary, the film should hammer ithome unmercifully. The audience should go home with an inescapablesense of the injustice of it and the waste of humanity.