Not to be confused for another "The Book of Life" adventure, the teamof Pixar Animation Studios has offered an eye-dropping, second maincourse this year after producing Cars 3. The "ingredients" Disney andPixar have put together are child actor, slapstick sidekick, refreshingmemories, family gatherings, colorful images, and emotions. As far asmusic films echo compared to "The Little Mermaid," "Beauty and theBeast," "Aladdin," and "The Lion King," this film reached the perfectmusical height and more complex for the background and plot twist thanthese four. The story tells about the ambitious twelve-year-old kid, Miguel, whowanted to become a musician just like his idol, but the main conflictis his family were turned against music. Fulfilling his dream, he mustrebel on the Day of the Dead celebration but stumbles into the otherside of the world, the Land of the Dead. To return to the living world,he must have some music talents while learn the importance of familyand its generations. The peak of the idea for the film and the worlds of the Land of theDead was extremely ambitious with some breathtaking experiences anddiscovery that people drew the line or border of any place, similarlike the shadows of Trump's effort to build a wall on the border. Thefilm highly spread existential questions on how it follows betweenloving the families and loving the life of music of the familiarmasterpieces from time to time. It would be rough to figure out whatwas more important than ever after witnessing the action and theemotion "Coco" has been carried on as a legacy similar to 2007's"Ratatouille." There's a lot more than anything than everyone's heartdesires. If you can recall from Disney's "Zootopia," the motto is"where anyone can be anything." Going back to "Ratatouille," whereanyone can cook. As for acting, child actor (and newcomer) Anthony Gonzalez (as Miguel)provided the most intentional, steadiest role ever for a childcharacter, similar like Russell from Pixar's "Up," after appearing twoepisodes from 2014's "The Bridge" and 2017's "Criminal Minds: BeyondBorders." This was his first time leading the role as a conductor forthe rest of the cast. Benjamin Bratt (as Ernesto, Miguel's idol)provided the most wonderful, beating voice than the mediocre"Despicable Me 2" as El Macho. Even the Mexican actor, Gael GarcíaBernal is willing to save his character, the mess, and the entirefamily. The film was perfectly magical as it contains some sense ofcartoon slapstick and humor for the film's acts. But the two mostimportant ingredients are music and family gatherings, which are thecenterpieces to the family tree and in everyone's hearts to rememberthe love ones, life or loss. It would brought a revitalizing moment tosee and to learn from living families and deceased ones.The plot was a heartwarming, delightful taste of the original sensationlike "WALL-E," 'Ratatouille," and "Inside Out." Though the film'sstructures are exactly similar based on "The Book of Life" but Pixarput more effort and eye-dropping ambition throughout the years. Thedirection, the writing from Pixar worker, Adrian Molina, the music, theentire cast, skeleton characters, and the background have outdone itsmoothly and painstakingly. It takes a plethora of people, commitment,years, dedication, idea-makings, and hard work to put everything in onebig presentation. It was over improved than "Cars 3" when this filmhave went to the finish line first. The originality was better off than"Finding Nemo" and "Cars" sequels. Fun fact is "Coco" director, LeeUnkrich, have pitched this idea after directing "Toy Story 3" andbefore "The Book of Life" got made in 2014. Overall, this film looks mighty great as a Day of the Dead andThanksgiving treat to all families and friends. You can also watch 'TheBook of Life" before you watch this film, but under the hood, they'reboth as inspirational as ever. I don't understand why this film wasreleased on Thanksgiving despite the fact this is a Day-of- the-Deadfilm but mainly due to box-office competition with Marvel's "Thor:Ragnarok" took its date. I can guarantee this film is a "must." Greatmovie for to learn about Mexican culture, tradition and familyimportance. Due to positive reception, I may predict that "Coco" mayhave a slight chance of being nominated for an Oscar. As a bonus, there was a Walt Disney Animation Studios short film,Olaf's Frozen Adventure, featuring the returning characters from"Frozen." Josh Gad will be brought back to life as Olaf along withKristen Bell, Idina Menzel, and Jonathan Groff. This is the first timePixar would screened this non-Pixar short film, thought it definitelyserved as a holiday treat for fans. Running time for this short is 21minutes while "Coco" is 109 minutes. GRADE: A+