"You know those movies where the picture just starts to slow down? andmelt? Then catch fire? Well? that's Berlin."What was the overall feeling after watching "Atomic Blonde"? For me itwas a mixture of confusion and excitement at the same time. Confusionbecause of the complex story with a multitude of twists and spy relatedmumbo jumbo. To be honest, I always have that with this kind of movies.So you can assume that I'm not a big fan of espionage movies. Not evenJames Bond movies. Even though these story lines are ratherstraightforward and simplistic in my eyes. "Atomic Blonde" on the otherhand is in a different league. At a certain point I didn't know anymorewhat was going on and what role the main characters played. I evenforgot the main goal. The only things I still could re-imagine in theend, were the fierce action scenes and the appetizing looking curves ofCharlize Terron. Should all female spies in a movie use the samewardrobe as Terron did here, I instantly would become a fervent fan ofthis genre. There's nothing so exciting as a blonde shrew, wearingsensual knee-length boots and sexy suspenders, who gives her maleopponents a solid kick in their glockenspiel.Guess what. I was more excited about the soundtrack used here. Perhapsthis was disruptive to some but personally I thought this was pleasantaddition. Well, maybe it's because I'm a hard-core fan of music fromthe 80's. And I'm not talking about boys-bands or disco music, but theunderground and alternative kind of music. Unfortunately, they had tochoose the most annoying song from the entire Neue Deutsche Wellerepertoire. During that period I often wished for Nena to disappearwith her 99 air balloons beyond the horizon. It would have been waybetter to include "Stunde des Glücks" from Fehlfarben or "Schlachtet!"From Grauzone. But besides this weak moment, I was pleasantly surprisedto hear "Cities in dust" from Siouxsie & the Banshees, "Cat People" byDavid Bowie and "I ran" from A flock or seagulls. In terms of mood,this musical framework certainly made for a positive feeling. Inretrospect, I'll remember this playlist more than the movie itself.It's all about an ultra-secret list (hidden in a wristwatch) with namesof spies who are actively working in the Soviet Union doing ? uh ? Isuppose spy-work. The entire film is situated in dark Berlin of the80's, where the ultimate symbol of the cold war still stands. TheBerlin wall. It's in the shadow of this gray decor where this spy movietakes place. In this post-war city, Lorraine Broughton (CharlizeTheron) tries to get the list back together with colleague spy DavidPercival (James McAvoy), who has his own agenda apparently. The factthere are other sharks in this spy-pond who are interested in gettingthat list, is something Lorraine experiences real soon. The entirestory is displayed in flashback mode. The whole story is being told byLorraine during a debriefing in the presence of Eric Gray (Toby Jones),some superior at MI6, and Emmett Kurzfeld (John Goodman) from theC.I.A. What follows are some bad-ass action sequences that'll thrillyou. Unfortunately, these impressive, action-filled scenes are noguarantee to make it a memorable movie .Perhaps it was the intention to make a female "John Wick" spin-off. Butunlike the latter, where action scenes followed each other in abreathtaking pace, this movie only contains three (sublimechoreographed) violent and action-packed scenes. First the GermanPolizei notices that the color of their green uniforms is replaced bythe color of emerging bruises and dripping blood. And as icing on thecake you'll be presented with a damn elongated scene where KGB agentsare being banged up pretty bad. Next you'll see an intense car chaseacross Berlin. And then you'll get a plot twist involving double agentsand counterespionage shizzle. And that's where I suddenly lost thethread. To be honest, that's it in a nutshell. Even the lesbianit's-supposed-to-be-a-hot scene wasn't interesting enough to get meecstatic. In my view, this was added just so the presence of DelphineLasalle (Sofia Boutella) seemed functional again.In terms of acting, it was quite all right, although Charlize Theronimpressed me more as Furiosa in "Mad Max: Fury Road". James McAvoy wassublime. But then again, I thought he was more convincing as the guywith a split personality in "Split". Eddie Marsan, John Goodman andToby Jones complete the rest of the cast and showed once again theiracting skills. But despite the brilliant acting, the violent andfurious action, the atmospheric images and a soundtrack which made mefeel young again, I thought the story-line was incoherent, quiteinconsistent and superfluous. You can't call it the counterpart of"John Wick". And for those who say this film is amazing because of thefact that it's an action movie with a female action heroine in it, Isuggest to look up these movies and re-watch them : "Alien","Terminator", "Salt" or "Kill Bill". You'll also see an action heroinewith giant cajones, who's filleting the other sex (or species) withoutblinking an eye. But still, highly recommended.More reviews here : http://movie-freak.be