Greetings again from the darkness. What a pleasant surprise andcrowd-pleasing treat from director Stephen Chbosky! Ordinarily, if youtell me a Julia Roberts ? Owen Wilson movie is opening, I wouldexperience nightmares of Malcolm McDowell in A CLOCKWORK ORANGE withhis eyelids forced open by metal prongs attached to a head immobilizer(Don't expect any other reviews of this film to reference the Kubrickclassic). It's based on the New York Times bestseller and it's athrowback to the days of sweet message films that don't requireexplanations before recommending."I can't wait for Halloween!" exclaims Auggie. While it's not difficultto imagine any kid looking forward to this big day, very few wouldshare Auggie's reason. Through narration, he informs us that he's "notan ordinary kid". After a startling birth, he's been through 27surgeries. Auggie has genetic facial deformities, and it's not theHalloween candy he anticipates; it's the one day with a level- playingfield for him, as other kids wear their costume masks and he can simplyblend in. Feel the tug on the heartstrings yet? You will.Jacob Tremblay (ROOM) plays Auggie, and Julia Roberts and Owen Wilsonplay his loving parents. Until now, he's been home-schooled by Mom, butit's 5th grade and time for "real" school. Auggie's older sister Via isplayed beautifully by Izabela Vidovic. This is very much her story aswell. She carries a burden that few understand, and even briefly findspeace in her fabricated time as an "only child". Previously, she haddescribed Auggie as the sun, and the rest of the family as orbitingplanets. Not only is it a wonderful performance from Miss Vidovic, butkudos to the filmmakers for casting a 16 year old actress as a highschooler. Typically these roles go to actors in their mid-20's (a petpeeve of mine).The film kicks into gear, and we really begin to get to know Auggie,once school starts. Mandy Patinkin plays the principal Mr. Tushman (aname he embraces), and we get the expected nice kid Jack Will (NoahJupe), the rich bully Julian (Bryce Gheisar), and the popular girlCharlotte (Elle McKinnon). Some of the characters have various segmentsof the film named after them, and though these are quite loosely told,they do provide some semblance of structure to the film and keepviewers focused on the diverse personalities. A Science Fair, fieldtrip and school play (Our Town) each provide critical turning points,and of course, most of the film is based on Auggie's impact on thosewhose path he crosses.Although we are subjected to one of Julia Roberts' patented cackles, itdoesn't ruin the sentiment or message that Auggie delivers. DaveedDiggs has a nice turn as a teacher, and the always wonderful SoniaBraga makes a much-too-brief appearance. Director Chbosky previouslygave us the gem THE PERKS OF BEING A WALLFLOWER, and this time out heallows us to explore the fragility of friendship and family, and theimportance of toughness in an individual. The ending is pure Hollywood,but we should accept the crowd-pleasing cheesiness and be thankful fora pleasant, entertaining family movie."We need a renaissance of wonder. We need to renew, in our hearts andin our souls, the deathless dream, the eternal poetry, the perennialsense that life is miracle and magic." - E. Merrill Root (1895 - 1973)American Writer