Based on R.J. Palacio's best-selling 2012 novel and directed by StephenChbosky, "Wonder" is about Augie, an eleven-year-old child sufferingwith the disfiguring effects of Treacher Collins syndrome, and hisattempts to fit in at a tony New York prep school. Rejected and mockedat first, the child with the support of his family persists in hisattempts to gain the acceptance of his classmates."Wonder" succeeds largely on the talents of the likable young JacobTremblay, buried behind elaborate latex prosthetics as Augie, andbenefits from a storytelling structure transferred from the novel?individual segments of the story are assigned to characters peripheralto Augie, to explain the motivations and reasons for various actionsand interactions involving the boy.Unfortunately, "Wonder" doesn't work quite as well during the scenesfeaturing grownups. Julia Roberts and especially Owen Wilson contributewonderful performances as Augie's loving and supportive parents, butare never quite persuasive as a family?the scenes set among thechildren and their friends reduce Wilson and Owens to guest star statusin their own movie. Mandy Patinkin also contributes rumpled warmth andcrinkle-eyed benevolence as the school's headmaster.While "Wonder" looks and feels like a true story, it is not?Palacio'sMark Twain Award-winning novel was in fact inspired by a 1995 pop songby Natalie Merchant, also titled "Wonder." Merchant's song has a lyricwhich reads, "Know this child will be gifted/With love, with patience,and with faith," a sentiment richly echoed in the film."Wonder"?the movie?has so far been surprisingly successful with criticsand audiences alike. Rotten Tomatoes reports an approval rating of 84%,based on 68 reviews. And viewers polled by CinemaScore assign "Wonder"the rare audience grade of A+.Released to over 3000 theaters across the United States, "Wonder" wasexpected to earn around $9 million during its openingweekend?optimistic when considering that the picture was releasedsimultaneously with the highly-anticipated "Justice League." When"Wonder" exceeded the expected weekend gross on opening day alone, theopening expectation was adjusted by experts to something around $28million."Wonder" is recommended for family audiences. Viewers are encouraged tobring plenty of Kleenex.