There is an utter greatness that thrusts BATMAN v SUPERMAN: Dawn ofJustice into immediate attention. The brawl from which it explodes andpaves way for relentless epic action sequences, conjures breathtakingforms, never less monumental than what Snyder seemingly tries to makethem appear on the big screen. It's a visual spectacle, only muchgrittier and grimmer than any of its Marvel counterparts has ever been,even darker than the already dimly- toned 'Man of Steel' in 2013. Insuch measure, it is no question that this pre-Justice League movie hascreated for itself a towering achievement. But if that's how you gaugecinematic greatness, alone, then let's call the recent 'Fantastic Four'resurrection, a colossal epic (note the exaggeration). True enough, theabsurd amount of explosive action takes the film into sometime-stopping, jaw-dropping prodigiousness, but it is ultimately theabsence of a decent plot that pulls itself to the ground. And while theoverstuffed narrative is what tends its already complex plot line intofurther convolusion, it is not entirely what it is adequate of, thatultimately gives 'Dawn of Justice' unnecessary weight, but thehorrendous lack of coherence and proper structure of its narrative. Picking up from where 'Man of Steel' ended, the film paints thekryptonian superhero, a figure of destruction. Half of his cityworships him, while the other regards him as its very destroyer,capable enough to rend the earth apart. Much of this film is spent inintroductions, of hints about a looming mega-franchise that, let meguess, is set to counter what is Avengers to Marvel. That could havebeen alright if only the film knows where to place them. A recurringstreak of ominous dreams introduces Bruce Wayne's (Ben Affleck)visions, while also becoming Clark Kent's (Henry Cavill) ultimatenemesis. Gal Gadot's entry as Diana Prince and Wonder Woman is nothingmore spectacular than how the trailers made her appear, in fact, herunderwritten character may have made her role shrunk to the miniaturelevels of her fellow Justice League members, whose cameo introductionsyou might have missed if you happened to go to the restroom for atleast two minutes. Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor is epic in both goodand bad way, but more of the latter I guess. Amy Adams' Lois Lane?forget her, she's just there to prove she really loves Clark. The movie bleeds from these flaws, the same way the Caped Crusaderbecomes kryptonite to Superman, and the Man of Steel becomes Batman'svery Bane. The very same struggle inflicts the audience who thirst forsome sensible story lines and not just shreds of unresolved, horribly-knitted sidestories. We might as well be grateful we're notKryptonians.