I was skeptical about this one from the get-go. Zack Snyder, basicallya more talented and flashier Michael Bay, taking over the DC ExtendedUniverse and pinning two of the greatest superheros against each other.I wasn't sure he could make it work. And I'm still not quite sure if hedid. The reason I say that is because the movie is missing scenes. Likemost of Snyder's work, it was meant to be a rated R, three hour longmovie, and in order for a wide release it had to be trimmed which meanssome crucial scenes were modified or cut completely, and you can tell.The editing is choppy, even frustrating at times, and the pacing isnonexistent. There aren't any build ups. It just goes from expositionto AMAZINGNESS to exposition to BADASSERY to exposition to AWESOME HOLYSH*T EXPLOSIONS, etc. I won't blame Snyder until I see his version soas of now I'd pin that on the writers and editors (if there were anyeditors because holy hell some of the cuts are atrocious). When the bigmoments come, like Clark Kent and Bruce Wayne's first meeting, or LexLuthor's birthing of Doomsday, or hell when Batman and Superman finallygo at it, they just happen. There's no emotional weight attached to anyof it. It's freaking awesome to look at, but there's no pathos to giveit the extra oomph that pushes great movies into the extraordinary.Having said that, Batman v Superman is highly entertaining. The actionset pieces are gorgeous and the titular showdown is indeed awesome whenit finally comes. The heroes themselves are amazing. Ben Affleck asBruce Wayne is one of the most perfect choices in casting since RobertDowney Jr. as Iron Man. He IS Bruce Wayne. You never question it whenhe's on screen. Henry Cavill is great as the man of steel. He doesn'thave much to work with but he shines when he needs to. And Gal Gadot asWonder Woman steals the screen whenever she comes on. She's perfect.And when these heroes come together to fight the common enemy,Doomsday, it's truly a sight to behold. That is the main thing Dawn ofJustice has over Man of Steel, the heroes. But while Man of Steelsucceeded in the villain department with the commanding presence ofGeneral Zod, that is where Batman v Superman suffers most.Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor didn't bother me as much as I thought itwould honestly. For what he had to do, he was fine in the role. Theproblem is that the character is written as an obnoxious rich sociopathwith a penchant for mayhem, so he's basically in the shadows for amajority of the movie acting as a puppeteer to pit Superman againstBatman. He poses no physical threat of any sort. Hell, seeing him standnext to Batman and Superman you can easily see either of them crushinghim like the cockroach that he is. But there is something unsettlingabout his unassuming manner. The courtroom scene in particular is achilling one, and his rooftop monologue actually hits all the rightbeats and he borders on threatening. Again, it's less against Eisenbergand more on how the script wanted the character to be. Doomsday is finealso. The only reason he exists is to have an epic fight in the thirdact and it delivers, but as a character he's just... an anti-character.That's exactly what he is actually. The antithesis of Superman - agodless killing machine, a creature with no conscience, an unkillableforce of nature. So he served his purpose, but there was no charismaticvillain for me to be rooting for (or against). It's just a waiting gamefor the heroes to get into action.The movie is also too long. Mind you, a sh*tload of stuff is crammedinto the two and a half hours to warrant the runtime, but a fewsubplots could've been scrapped and the movie would've been better forit. I feel like if a good editor swept through the movie, trimmed thefat, put all the pieces in the right place and kept it at a tight twohours, Batman v Superman could be one of the greatest superhero moviesever made. As of now, it's a beautifully fun mess. Entertaining as allhell but lacking in depth. And again, Zack Snyder's ultimate cut may bethe perfect superhero movie, but we'll just have to wait and see. Which brings me to my main point, and that's Batman v Superman is acomic book movie. It's meant to entertain. Dissecting it and critiquingit as a piece of cinema is too easy and is an exercise in futilityreally, which is why I dismiss most of the critic reviews claiming it'sa cinematic disaster when its entire premise is based around fantasyand the absurd. It's incredibly fun, and that's all it's supposed tobe. The fact that it has some truly awe-inspiring moments andintermittently amazing dialogue is just icing on the cake. Batman vSuperman is a flawed movie, no doubt about it, but it accomplishes whatit sets out to. It gives us Batman versus Superman. It gives us thedawn of the Justice League. It gives us a big screen adaptation of LexLuthor and a juggernaut of a villain in Doomsday. All the pieces arethere. The question is whether or not you're willing to shut off yourbrain and sit back and enjoy the comic book epicness happening onscreen. If you are, then Batman v Superman is an absolute must-watchthrill ride. If not, then why on earth are you seeing a Zack Snyderfilm in the first place?