Last week some news came out from somebody online who had claimed tohave seen a finished version of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Ifyou were like me, you've been leery of checking it out because youweren't sure how much might actually be true. Now Zack Snyder hasspoken out about the spoiler-filled post, although his response doesn'treally clear anything up.In a word, to MTV, he called the post"hilarious,which might imply that he's saying that it's mostly, if notentirely, untrue. That might be the case, but then again he could havejust said it was untrue and he didn't say that. What he did say,however, is that he doesn't like spoilers. While this may seem odd forthe director who's most recent trailer appeared to give away the entiremovie, Snyder says that's not the case. Even if you've seen thetrailer, you can rest easy, as there is much more we have not seen inthen finished film. Says Snyder I have the benefit of seeing the movie.It's cool that think it's too much, and I appreciate people not wantingto know, but there's plenty that they don't know. There's a lot ofmovie that's not in the trailer. In the process of calling the Batman vSuperman Reddit review hilarious, Snyder goes on to talk about how hehates it when spoilers come out. The director would much rather thatfans see the movie mostly blind. While he understands that some fansmay wish to find the answers before hand, he wants his movies to bemysteries going in. If you're, as an audience member, exploring thesearticles, looking for answers to questions that you have, maybe you'reokay with knowing before you go. It's like an individual taste. Butlike I said, I want people to see the movie without knowing.Spoilersare a topic that mean different things to different people. While mosttry to avoid them to some degree, the need to solve the mystery is anearly universal human experience. We have an inclination to want toknow the truth, even while also wanting to be surprised. For most of usgetting some information is good, but getting all the information isbad, of course, only getting the details that you want can bedifficult.