Let's be honest! We were all, even marvel fan boys, waiting for thismovie. The two most well known superheroes fighting... what could gowrong!? A lot. The positives:1. Batman & Alfred; Batfleck was amazing! Ben Affleck represented abatman that is damaged, changed his moral code(which if they play theircards right could be a center piece of solo batman films) and made himmore bad-ass because of it. 2. The action: Amazing Action! It's thrilling, exciting and beautifullyshot. That is what Zack does though and I expected nothing less. 3. Wonder woman: Supringsly well done. Her as Diana prince was maybe abit stiff sometimes but she can make the character her own along theway. I trust her that much. Her as wonder woman was amazing!! I gotchills when she joined the fight!4. Cinematography is general. It is a beautiful film to look at. Nicelyshot and as I said the action is amazing. The CGI in certain places area bit "meh" and one shot did take me out of the movie, but that's it. Now the bad stuff why this movie went downhill:1. the editing/pacing: Guys, this movie was a mess. The movie beginsgreat with an introduction of batman and some stuff you saw in thetrailer. Then we go to a scene... which tells us a story then it goesto another scene. You're invested in that particular and then it jumpcuts to another scene. You are seeing 4 different story lines play outin 5 minute scenes after each other. As a general movie goer-ER youwill lose track. As a DC-fan, as myself, I could understand everythingbut i needed to bring all my previous knowledge to actually understand.Really bad pacing2. Superman: Not everyone will agree on this, but I think they handledsuperman horribly. He needs to be symbol of hope and yet he is neverexactly that. There was certain montage, where it should shown that hewas, but i never felt that he was. This representation was too dark.This was also more of a batman movie with superman playing a small partin that, yet batman's world is too dark for superman. If you want tocombine their worlds, let Batman play a role in superman's world. 3. Lex Luther. I hated his representation of the power hungry andmenacing villain. He played mark suckable and was a complete miscast. Idon't care if he was the son of the "real" lex Luther. It didn't fit. 4. Doomsday: A complete waste of a great story arc. Why did they bringhim in while there was so much going on.. 5. The justice league set up: It felt rushed. The way they shoehornedall the other characters in was lazy writing. 6. the whole motivation of superman fighting batman. batman'smotivation was clear and great. Superman's was horrible. They were oneconversation away from understanding each other, but they had to fightof course.7. Many many plot holes, but i cant go into those because i don't wannaspoil the whole movie. verdict: If you love flashy action.. go watch it in Max. If you likegreat story.. wait till it releases on blue-ray.6 out of 10 for a mediocre movie that should been an epic man. I was sodisappointed. I see so many DC fans raging this movie was epic, butwe're dealing with the phantom menace effect.