Last night I took my daughter to see DC Comics' biggest superheroesfight it out. Two icons that are like night and day. My daughter ateenager is a die-hard Superman fan. I on the other hand am a Batmanloyalist. This was to be as much about bonding as it was to watch agood movie. The line for the movie was around the block at the AMC on42nd in New York City. The anticipation was beyond belief. From themoment the movie started to the end unfortunately I was left with onesad thought; this is not the movie I was looking for.I am one of the most superhero comic book loving people out there. Thatis why I already know I am going to be disappointed by Captain AmericaCivil War. Dear Marvel, Civil War can not work with no X-Men! That is awhole other issue in and of itself. I digress back your regularscheduled movie review. I went to see Batman vs. Superman: Dawn ofJustice out of a sense of duty. As a parent I had to partake with mybest friend who happens to be my daughter. I am not going to say I was actively dreading Batman vs. Superman: Dawnof Justice. That would be an overstatement but I knew that it couldnever be really what I wanted. The director Zack Snyder has a way ofmaking movies last longer than they should. Snyder's movie run timesaverage over two hours and add are always peppered with long unneededpauses to reflect on a scene in slow-mo. He did the same thing with Manof Steel. Don't get me wrong, that was a decent movie. However decentis not the same thing as good. Nor was it an action movie. How directorZack Snyder managed to have Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman at hisdisposal and still come out with a sub par movie that is more ofreflective drama than action blockbuster is beyond all logic.As soon as the trolls on Twitter started calling Batman vs. Superman:Dawn of Justice the best Batman movie ever I knew something was up. Myexpectations were instantly tempered. So here we go. Are you ready? Youshould stop reading right now. No, really stop reading this very momentif you have not seen the movie. There are many spoilers ahead. Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice takes place two years after Man ofSteel. This movie was a nightmare of bad plot loopholes weaved intospots of day dreaming goodness. I mean that literally and figuratively.Batman/Wayne have repeated dreams throughout the whole movie. This washow Zack explained the spotted holes in the plot lines. Batman's originis explained to the audience in a dream sequence right from the openingcredits. If you are a Batman fan you will be turned off right from thatpoint because even the origin story Snyder has set up for Batman ishorrible and not true to the source material. Sadly it seemed thatSnyder didn't read comics and doesn't understand aspects of thesecharacters' mythos. He certainly didn't have it come across on thescreen. Over in Metropolis Kal-El has lived with Lois Lane as Clark Kent forthe past two years since his coming out party to the world in Man ofSteel. Are you kidding me? The one redeeming part of the movie is alsothe underlining part. It's the question that drives the movie. DoesSuperman do more harm than good? That is a very valid question. Themovie gave nudges but it's a question that never really gets answered.The movie did such a good job at painting Superman as a villain that Iwas so convinced Superman needed to be killed. Needless to say I washighly disappointed when Batman grew a conscience and spared his life.In this movie Batman knows Superman's secret identity and vice-versa.You heard that right. Batman knows Superman's secret identity and hedoes not take advantage of it.Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice has a crazy amount of plotproblems. Here is a summary. Batman wants to kill Superman, he has thekryptonite and feels it's the most important thing he'll ever do. Whydoes he want to kill Superman? He felt Superman is too powerful. Whenit comes time to kill Superman he does not do it. I call Bullsh*t!Superman on the other hand has no clue where he fits in the world.Wonder Woman was wasted until the near end. She was used for morecameos than anything else. At the end of the day this movie felt likeMan of Steel 2 not a vs movie and certainly not any Batman movie beforeit.Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice tried to do what the first fewMarvel movies did. Namely expanded the DC Universe. While Marvel setupnew characters it in post-credit teaser scenes. Batman vs. Superman:Dawn of Justice tried to do it all in one film. The use of securityfootage to introduce people to the "metahumans" is just ridiculous. Themovie does not feel like it started until Lex Luthor unleashesDoomsday. If you read the comics you know that Superman dies at thehands of Doomsday. That is one of the few things the movie gets right.Doomsday was literally made to kill Superman. The problem here is thatSuperman does in fact die. The movie is called Dawn of Justice. I takeit to be the dawn of the Justice League. So, how are you going to havea Justice League without Superman? Batman and Wonder Woman are notgoing to cut it. That pretty much sums it. This movie was ill-conceivedand should not have been made. This movie is going to make a ton ofmoney regardless what people say about it. Go see for yourself.