I am drawn back to when this movie was first announced and how Idespised the notion of a Batman V Superman film a la Freddy vs Jason,Alien vs Predator and so on. It all seemed like a huge gimmick to meand I expected the worst for this movie. Fast forward a couple years, Iam sitting down at a private screening, the lights go down and themovies opens up. The opening sequence was not what I expected but showsSnyder's visual creativity in a similar manner as he did with theopening sequence of Watchmen. We are hearkened to the Black Zero Event, only we see it from BruceWayne's perspective as shown in some of the trailers. I love thatSnyder uses Bruce's as the eyes of the audience to get an outsideperspective of the surrounding madness and destruction, and he does itvery effectively. You are mad at these beings, you feel the terror, theconfusion the anger for them bringing there war here, it plays out withspectacle and sadness. I had reported a rumor about Scoot Macnairy's characters months backand was called out by Ocelot and others several times on things Ireported, well turns out it was true. Something tragic happens at thehearing and it is our insight of how cunning and vicious this LexLuthor is. The overall story is well woven and much better than MOS, you candefinitely breathe a sigh of relief in that Terrio does a great job ofcrafting this all together. The movie is a visual tour de force as wehave come to expect with Snyder but let me just say that his directinghas also improved. For those who moaned about the shaky cam and mutedcolors, they will be pleased. Performance wise. EVERYONE does anoutstanding job, the standouts to me were Affleck, Eissenberg andGadot. I was not on the Ben, Gal, Jesse hate wagon, though I foundEissenberg's casting questionable but I felt he had shown that he hassome capable range of pulling it off. Affleck is Bruce Wayne, Affleckis Batman, talk about casting redemption. Similar to Reynolds,GL>Deadpool. Affleck should no longer be bogged with complaints aboutDaredevil. For those that hated on Gadot, suck it, she owns the role in every waypossible, she really has stepped up her acting game as well. The womanhas presence as Diana, grace and beauty and as Wonder Woman, she istruly a Goddess. People were moaning about Gail's size, forget thatnonsense, she proves she does not need bulking muscles to be a warriorand her fight scenes are exceptional, makes Faora look like she waswaltzing. Eissenberg, well well well. Let me first say I thought thebest versions of Luthor were from the Lois and Clark and Smalville TVshows but Jesse brings something totally new to the game. Jesse plays his Luthor like a true devil. He is deceiving,manipulative, conniving, that line the Devil will do it, he isreferring to himself to me. I could not help but see him like a Luciferin his role and wondered if Jesse kind of based playing his characterthat way. Everyone else support wise was absolutely great. I do notwant to write a long report of praises so let me see if I can cap offbefore getting on my flight. The fight set up was a little weak but boythe pay off was spectacular. Cavill I feel needs to step up a littlemore, granted he was wonderful but he was out shined. He needs to getbeyond that distraught expression that he likes to use because he doesit to death in this and I found that annoying. The other member intro's were great and will have you all pumped forthe JLA, the Knightmare scene was horrific and impactful and made mesmile like a little geek. The final fight was amazing. Never in a CBMhave we seen anything like it, yes I said it NEVER and lastly, I willsay the movie does end on a heart wrenching note but a wink in the end.I loved it gave it a 9 and looking forward to seeing it again nextweek. If you guys have any questions ask I am going to be on a planefor the next 6-7 hours so will try to respond. I may have exaggeratedabout it being 10X better than MOS but I will say 5X better.