1,000 words is not enough, I have a lot to say. But I guess I have tomake do. I wanted to love this movie. It had two of the super heroes Ilove. But it just didn't make it for me. Five out of ten is generous.Ben Affleck as Batman...I was very dubious. Not only because I dislikeBen as an actor overall, but because the previews didn't portray him ina good light. I was pleasantly surprised though. His portrayal of BruceWayne and Batman were great. I'm looking forward to seeing more Batmanmovies with him playing the part. Henry Cavill as Superman, well I'vealways thought he was great so no worries. Although his character was abit 'dark and moody, emo teen' which annoyed me. Overall he was okaythough. Not great, but okay. He did better in Man of Steel. JeremyIrons as Alfred was great too. The movie as a whole was very mediocre.And depressing. Jeez. So depressing. The beginning was weak. Brucelooking at the camera with a look of 'I HATE YOU SUPERMAN' whileembracing this kid was just...weird. It held no emotional punch. Thenwhen he entered the rubble, suddenly there was a horse. Yep that'sright, a random HORSE. Alrighty then. Whatever. But it did make melaugh. A lot. That was the only time I laughed though. The story lackedemotion, when Superman 'dies', I didn't tear up once. It wasn't sadbecause this is Superman. He'll come back, he always does. This wasclear at the end scene when the camera focused on the coffin and thesoil jumped like he had hit the lid. Seriously, who wasn't expectingthat? The appearance of Doomsday was wrong. So wrong. He should havecome in in a later movie, preferably one when Superman actually diesfor good. Like in the comics. And the worst part of the movie? JessieEisenberg as Lex Luther. What. The. Hell? Lex was never meant to beinsane. Jessie's portrayal was basically The Joker and it didn't work.His acting was terrible, the way he talked was terrible. Everythingabout him was BAD and he made the movie bad. If they had a better Lex,it might have been a better movie. There wasn't much else that wasgood. The Batman vs Superman battle was weak. Either Batman had theupper hand or Superman had the upper hand. It was boring. In fact, Ifound most of the movie boring. The plot was weak, it held no emotionalpunch and I was sitting there tapping my fingers, waiting for it to getgood. So five out of ten is generous. It had enough good parts to sayit was half way there.