So I watched Batman V Superman and guess what, it was bad. It's notthat I hated the concept of the Man of Steel, making Supermandepressing and the world not loving him, but that is not the reason hewas originally created for. He was always meant to be a symbol, not arelate-able character.When you ridiculed the ideals he represents, he ceases to exist as thatcharacter. So basically this is not Superman but a completely differentcharacter. If they had created a new character instead of using him,this wouldn't feel so awkward. But it wouldn't sell that way because hewouldn't be called Superman.Batman on the other hand was fine, since he is way more than a symboland his initial conception was dark and violent to begin with. You canhave a dark Batman movie, you can't have a dark Superman movie. When hewas on-screen things simply felt a lot more engaging. When Lois wastalking to Clark, I didn't care. They were boring puppets with nothingto relate with.I mean, I can appreciate DC for making its cinematic universe tragiccompared to Marvel, where everything is about self-indulgence, but theystill needed charisma in order for these movies to work. The DarkKnight had Joker and Bruce's weakness as a human being to keepeverything engaging. Superman can never be engaging because he was madeto be overpowered and capable to do anything he likes. His enemies werealso stupid, general Zodd was bland, Lex Luthor was a joke of avillain, and Doomsday was a naked troll.Even if we leave the aesthetics aside, the very script of these moviesis a complete mess. Everything happens because the plot said so and notbecause the characters wanted it to be so. The reason the two heroesbegan hating and fighting each other was stupid, and so was the reasonthey stopped. The excuse for the formation of the Justice League alsocame out of nowhere, it had no justification other than "hey look atthese people we have videos about". When Wonder Woman appeared I wasjust scratching my head wondering why is she even there.I didn't even enjoy the action scenes. Most of them could easily beavoided if the heroes were using their heads, and the rest was justthem blowing up buildings and killing people nobody cares about. TheKryptonite spear in particular was insulting my intelligence. Why aspear and not bullets? Why did Lois throw it in the water and thenjumped in to get it out? Why didn't Superman just throw it to Doomsday?Everything is so random! So as a whole, it's a bad movie, a terribleteaser for the Justice League, and I don't care about whatever theymake after-wards.