I loved this movie. I love seeing a Superman that is powerful. A DarkKnight that is dark- dark as hell. I love Zach Snyder movies. I wanteda serious movie free of campy kid stuff. I loved Ben Affleck in thismovie. I loved every part of this movie. I know the comics, so when Isaw stuff like the omega symbol and para-demons. I knew what they were.I just want to say that Ben Affleck as the Batman blew me away. My newfavorite batman and the only one I have ever seen get Bruce Wayneright. I cannot wait for the Batman movies he will be in. I had somereservations about Gal Gadot playing Wonder Woman. She was awesome andstole some scenes. One of the best parts of the movie and a greatcasting choice, now that I have seen her in action. I think LawrenceFishburne is a perfect Perry White. I thought I would hate JesseEisenberg in this, but I found that his inherent twitchy annoyingdelivery really worked with this character, who was indeed an evilgenius criminal mastermind. Pure evil. Jeremy Irons as Alfred was spoton. Great casting. Their relationship as more of a partnership thanmaster/butler was refreshing.This movie offers many many opportunities for criticism and dislike.There are legitimate reasons that people will not like this movie. Itis certainly not for everyone. The movie was very long. The movie wasdark. The movie was a largely a Batman movie. The movie assumed folksremember the end of Man of Steel. The movie has many flashback/dreamsequences and jumps around a lot. The movie crammed in many popularcomic book stories into one in while also setting up the next film. Themovie does not have the feel of the comics or animated series/movies.It has references you would only get from reading the comics orwatching the animated series/movies. It is sensory overload.I gave this movie a 10 because I loved it and it is what I have beenwaiting for. Zach Snyder made this movie with me in mind. We must havethe same way of looking at these characters and similar tastes.Watchman is also one of my favorite movies. But I am guessing by theway this movie has received so many negative reviews, I am not in themajority.