A completely unique take on America's two most famous comic booksuperheroes. An aggressive and ruthless Batman who is older and jaded.A sensitive and reserved Superman who has to deal with the pressures ofbeing a hero and a villain by the world (as seen in a montage in thefilm known as the "Day of the Dead" scene.) The films major antagonistis Lex Luthor who is also a new, younger, and more psychotic take onthe character. Calculated, but keeps up a very charming and humorousappearance. A common complaint in this film is that the plot and characters are"messy" and not well characterized. But if you take a deeper look, in arealistic situation, Bruce Wayne would develop major aggression andfear after 20 years of fighting crime (as well as the death of hisparents at age 10.) And Clark Kent would logically feel a level ofguilt for having caused damage to Metropolis following the fight at theend of Man of Steel, though he had no choice since the fight was tosave the world. Collateral damage would be inevitable with twosuperhuman-like figures (Superman and Zod.)The performances in this film only add to the well written characters.Ben Affleck gives us an enticing interpretation of Batman that issmooth out of the costume and gritty and raw in it. Henry Cavil givesus a nuanced Superman and shows much emotion at times without saying aword, much like Affleck. Jesse Rosenberg gives us a humorous, butmysterious performance with implied past traumas making him the monsterhe is, also showing so much with facial expressions and not words. A complaint that is also very common for this film is thecinematography and visual effects. The films stylistic choices in thisrespect are actually quite fitting for the atmosphere of the film.Dark, with a sense of color and stylistic visual effects (since it is acomic book film.) The music in this film is as important as anything else. It truly makesyou feel the majestic nature of Superman, the dark nature of BruceWayne and Batman, and the conniving nature of Lex Luthor. And the motifthat has followed itself into the most recent DC film for Wonder Woman. The films polarizing, but in my mind BRILLIANT director Zack Snyder hassculpted his vision into film. It feels like the film Stanley Kubrickwould have made if he loved superheroes. Much that is implied but notdirectly put into words, which works here because it adds depth anddetails to be discovered upon in different viewings.All in all, this film when seen with an open mind, is filled with depthand detail on virtually all levels. It is much more than surface levelintrigue. I'd go into it more, but I don't want a spoiler filledreview. This is my personal favorite comic book film, and cracks my top20 favorite films. A unique cinematic experience that leaves mecompletely satisfied after every viewing. One last note. This film may never be recognized for the depth Ibelieve it has, but I hope in time it does, the way many of the filmsrecognized as classics now we're received when they were firstreleased, such as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Blade Runner, and even CitizenKane. So go into this film with an open mind and you might find thereis more to it than many give it credit for.