This was a very frustrating movie. I had been looking forward to it,although was initially skeptical after hearing of Ben Affleck asBatman. Seeing the critics views at RottenTomatoes was verydiscouraging, but for some reason, IMDb showed favorable reviews byaudiences. This gave me some hope.That hope was in vain. This movie was all over the place. I'm quitefamiliar with the DC Universe, having been an on/off comics collectorsince the 70's. Even so, I found myself unable to keep up with thevisions, dream sequences, time-travel visits(?), and just overall plotconvolutions in this movie. Some IMDb reviewers have already done anexcellent job highlighting the film's foibles, and I doubt I could dobetter. However, I gotta say something.The casting of Jessie Eisenberg as Lex Luthor was horrible, to theextent that Affleck as Batman warmed my heart in comparison (and Ididn't much care for that). Luthor as crazy, essentially a retread ofwhat we've seen as Heath Ledger as Joker, would have alone ruined themovie if that were the only bad thing about it. LL is a brilliant,evil, power hungry genius, not... whatever he was supposed to be here.I cannot get into Batman's motivation. He's a ruthless violentvigilante who's above the law, and he despises Superman for being...above the law. I get the initial distrust thing, but I didn't buy intothe whole picture of just wanting to be judge, jury, and executionerwithout even interacting with Supes first. Not cool, Bats.Lex lets himself into the Kryptonian vessel, with the shaved fingertipsof Zod? Kryptonian tech has *terrible* security; maybe they should giveApple a call - no, wait; the FBI hacked that. And then the computerrecognizes the carcass of Zod, and doesn't go, "Hey, who are you? Ithought *you* were Zod!" - and then kill him.I know I was supposed to laugh or cheer when Batman tells Ma Kent, "I'ma friend of your son's," but for me it was flat. 10 minutes ago, hewanted to kill him.On the way home, my wife and I were discussing the movie, with theseobservations and more. She asked me, "Was there anything about themovie you liked?" I thought real hard, and said, "um... no. Sorry tohave suggested it and make you watch it." And thus justifies my 1-Starreview. I guess I kind of liked how Superman comported himself withdignity, and was reasonably well-acted by Cavill. But not enough tochange my score.Hey, wasn't there also something about Wonder Woman in the movie? Thatquickly faded from memory.