This movie tries so hard... and falls flat on almost every level. It isfurther proof that DC may be a master of the animated movie and theymay be brilliant in the way they approach many of the TV properties butwhen it comes to movies they still can't pull it together. This is along movie that feels even longer. Ben Affleck does a GREAT job asBatman, that doesn't mean I LOVED this Batman (I did not) but he does agreat job and any problems there are with the character fall on thewriter, producers and director. The problem with this Batman is no thathe is brutish and violent and angry.. it's that he's not smart. He'snot strategic and intellectual , brilliant and a world class detective.He is consumed by anger, hatred, vengeance and brutality (and not in agood way). He is blind in his rage and directs it towards Superman.The ending, which should be amazing and outstanding fell flat in bothviewings I went to. One a sneak peek and one to which I had purchasedtickets on opening night and went to see with friends. The endingshould be exciting and fun and amazing.. and it just... wasn't. Itcompletely fails on every single level.You should leave the theater with your mouth wide open from awe unableto withstand the anticipation of the next chapter... most people whowere leaving the theater were tired, worn down and felt like they hadgone a few rounds with Superman. The movie is tedious and boring withcharacters that I just did not care about at all. Oh no Louis is introuble... oh look Batman is Angry, oh look Superman is Angry, oh myMartha is Angry. The problem with a bunch of characters who areessentially the same in attitude is that you just don't care.The preview of the justice league, which people know is coming wasforced as is but would have made a magnificent after credit sequence.It would have at least of given people something to talk about on theway out rather then just shaking their heads in disappointment oryawning.I liked Man of Steel, I didn't love it but I liked it. This was nowhere near as good. While I have been a long , long time DC fan andunlike many fan boys have little problem with taking some creativeliberties with characters (there are things that work well in years ofcomics that don't translate on screen), there are things that shouldevolve but not completely change. Doomsday was sadly, a disaster. Inthe comic he is a Goliath , matching Superman's physical might andthat's pretty much it. His punches are so powerful they shatterbuildings (which Snyder seems to really, really, really like to do)..there was no need to alter him to the point they did.This movie would have been better served had Lex made a clone fromZod's body of Bizarro (makes more sense) and had it been only Batmanand Superman, getting to know one another, learning about each other,discovering their differences and ultimately their similarities as theycame together in the end to defeat a Superman level menace. After thecredits , an email to Wonder Woman with Batman letting her know that hehas discovered who she is. You could even have had wonder woman in it, she was a delightfulcharacter (in this film) and I enjoyed her scenes (she gets littlescreen time but I felt was one of the best characters). As it is itjust falls flat.I enjoyed one of the sequences with who I believe was the Flash(doesn't say) but I do wish it was Grant (CW) as he is the true flash.This movies wrongs can still be righted in the next one and I willlikely see it when it arrives but I am not looking forward to it andhave no real anticipation of it's arrival. If I got word it wascanceled I would shrug my shoulders and hope they got it right nexttime around.