SPOILER. A near-total train wreck of a movie, saved by a very fewhighlights.THE GOOD. Almost every actor does the best they can with the material.It's not Eisenberg or Fishburne's fault that their characters arewritten wrong. The final showdown between the heroes and Doomsday ispretty nifty, as is the first half of the fight between B and S. I lookforward to a Affleck-helmed Batflick, and I thought Wonder Woman washandled very well. Definitely a first for live-action. (As much as Ilove Linda Carter, that take was seriously campy. Fun, but campy.) THE BAD. HC? Kind of bland. No, make that very bland. Perry White istoo mellow and, though it's cool they have him as a scientist/tech guy,having Lex be basically insane, rather than cold and calculating, is aserious misstep. Also, the fight between Bat and Supes should haveended in the middle, after S got the upper hand. After all, hismother's life was at stake. Why the hell would he just wallop on B?Petty revenge? Silly.THE UGLY. The whole first hour plus. Unbelievably ham-fisted. We get tohear over and over about how we can't trust S over and over. Oh, did Irepeat myself? Over and over. The set-up in the desert that is supposedto push everyone over the edge? Does no one actually think in thisfilm? If S wanted to kill everyone, he wouldn't need a gun. That's thewhole point of being Superman. But yeah, a bunch of guys get shot.Terrorists. And we're supposed to believe that the really strong,bullet-proof guy did it. Or that we care about the fate of terrorists.Zero joy. Less than in the last movie, and I didn't think that waspossible. Cramming in the cameos from The Flash and Aquaman (andwhoever else that was) merely padded out the running time. Did we needto see them again and again as well? Probably not.The dialogue. For the most part it's either contrived, trying too hardto be poignant, or just plain bad. People are simply repeating eachother or saying things that make no sense, but are there to move theplot forward.Doomsday. Not that it exists, but how it was made. WHY?! Why would anadvanced civilization place the ability to make an ultimate weapon likethat on a penal colony ship? Or any ship at all? And why.... WTF???...would they allow a non-Kryptonian to simply say "Oh yeah. Let's makethat?" Oh, there's so much more I could get into...For the most part, things happen in this movie simply to happen. It'sdark, ugly and meandering. I had zero expectations for this going inand, aside from those few points above, it still disappointed. I paid abuck and a half at the discount theater to see this. I asked for adollar of it back.