I want to go on record as saying that this is a truly thrillingcinematic experience in so many ways. If pressed, I guess I couldacknowledge that there were a couple ... let's say "clumsy" moments.And in a film that runs to three hours, that hardly seems like asignificant issue, certainly not enough to rate it with fewer than 9stars.This film has everything. There is dramatic tension right from thestart. There is a magnificent story arc that picks up quite seamlesslyfrom 'Man of Steel' and propels the viewer not only into the life ofClark Kent/Superman but also of Bruce Wayne/Batman.The villain is no mere cartoon of a villain; he is truly thoroughly(and apparently irrevocably) diabolical. He is a psychopath, and youwish for his death over and over and over. You want Superman to reducehim to ash with the power of his eyes.I have read a number of viewers' reviews, and it seems that the peoplewho disliked the film / gave it a low rating had rather unfair andunrealistic expectations of it. That is, their own prejudices about howthe plot could/should unfold or what the character developmentcould/should be, etc. ruined the film for them. And that is a shame.My thought is: I settle into my seat, wait for the lights to dim, andthen I wait to be transported by the film. I accept it, lock, stock,and barrel.As another reviewer remarked, I love how the film begins from the pointof view of Bruce Wayne as he is among people on the ground who havefallen victim to the attack of Zod and the other Kryptonians.Why would Bruce Wayne not like Superman? Why would the good people ofEarth hurl insults at Superman and burn him in effigy (on the news)?Because the good people of Earth just got catapulted into a new realityin which there are not only extraterrestrial beings (surprise!) butthey are also superman! And a group of them are hell-bent on destroyinghumankind and taking the planet for themselves.It is difficult to see Superman as separate from the whole KryptonianKrew.It seems that many moviegoers forgot that Bruce Wayne is also human.Sure, he's a hero, but he is flawed.. Just like the rest of us. He is avigilante, after all.He has let his vigilantism get the better of him. HE is actually theone working outside the boundaries of the law, not Superman. It is theclear head of Alfred that shows us that he has gone into a rather darkplace, that he has not seen what is really going on (in Luthor'sscheme), and so he chooses to embark on his own scheme scheme to takeout the alien invader. He is (allegedly) thinking of the future: if hewipes out the all-powerful alien, then it can't turn on humankind inthe future. At least, he convinces himself of that.A philosophical question is raised in the film: should Clark Kent haveremained a simple man from Kansas and never have become the Superman?Should he just let people die and let calamities happen? The questionis answered for us in the character of Diana Prince/Wonder Woman. Shewithdrew from mankind (her exact words) and just sat around watching.Watching while people died horrible deaths all around her. So, shouldSuperman have done the same? Do these special beings, these'metahumans', have some kind of moral imperative to intervene, orshould they be allowed to be regular people, too? It seems that humanswant it both ways.It seems that humans are saying: "Don't be a superalien ... except whenI and my friends and family are in trouble. Then come save us."