Well, I think it's safe to say that this movie was somewhat of adisappointment especially for the comic-book fans. Not saying that it'sgarbage or anything but this film is basically the definition ofmediocrity and the term: "all flash but no substance".Let me start up on the things that I liked about this movie: somescenes, especially the action scenes were actually pretty good andvisually pleasant, the movie has a solid amount of grit as well, alsoBen Affleck's Batman was kick-ass especially on the warehouse scene butsadly all the good stuff ends there, moving on...Now for the things I disliked and hated about this movie. For starters,the movie felt rushed and disjointed, it basically crammed multiplecomic-book story arcs in one movie, the pacing was also pretty damnbad, going back and forth on scenes all of a sudden, not to mention thestupid amount of plot holes in this movie. I also hated how theyhandled most of the characters, especially the main villain LexLuthor(Jr?) or should I say "discount Heath Ledger Joker", he was justan annoying character in this movie with no actual motive whatsoeverand unlike the ACTUAL Lex in the comics who is manipulative, cunningand intimidating, he ended up as a weird, spastic, socially awkwardtwerp that isn't scary AT ALL. Then there's the cave troll lookingDoomsday, just.... ugh, honestly speaking, he was basically shoehornedin the movie because of reasons unknown and the character was prettymuch wasted in the end(great f*cking job Zack and co.). Lois Lane'scharacter was pretty bland as well, she basically did nothing in themovie and her little adventure on finding where that bullet came fromdidn't help either and speaking of bland characters, Superman/ClarkKent was also quite shallow and like Batman, is brooding for most ofthe time ever since Man of Steel, even though his character is notintended that way(again, great job Hack), he wasn't even that much of acharacter in his own damn movie. I even have problems with Batman'scharacter even though he was quite badass but where's that world'sgreatest detective I grew up with? he got outsmarted by a retardedversion of Lex Luthor for Christ's sake, not to mention that thisversion of Batman has no willpower or essence of justice and won'thesitate killing those who he deems guilty, unless their mother isnamed Martha(don't get mad, I know the meaning of that scene but it'sstill stupidly executed). Maybe the only character I actually liked tothe fullest was Alfred so kudos for Jeremy Irons delivering a solidperformance on a not so solid movie, Gal Gadot was also decent as WWbut in the end I didn't care for her that much, honestly, she feltkinda shoehorned as well but it was nowhere near as bad as Doomsfailthough. The fight between Bats and Supes was also somewhatdisappointing, yeah it has some awesome visuals and kick-asscinematography on the beatdown but it felt REALLY short, it didn't evenlast 10 minutes yet they call the main title of this movie Batman VSSuperman? should've called it BS instead and I'm not even gonna botheron that forced scene on how they made up since I already explained it.They even killed-off Superman already in this movie or did they? eitherway it was a bad move since they already murdered his characterfiguratively and literally, and even if he does come back which ishighly likely as evident on that ending scene, it'll just end up cheapand remove most of the tension on the upcoming films with him sincethey already did the death of Superman storyline, so RIP.Overall, I think Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice was a not so decentfilm, was it bad? maybe, was it garbage? maybe not but it is indeed adisappointment to most comic-book and non comic-book fans out there,unless you're a zealot fanboy or you just enjoy watching these kinds ofmovies then I have no quarrel with you but I for one did not like thisfilm and demand better quality than just basic fan-service. I just hopeDC tries better on their next installations on their cinematic universebecause I'm not too fond on how they're handling their movies rightnow.