Its ironic how the movie is about some who hate superman and others wholove him, and the reviews about the movie seem to be similar. lol. Doyourself a favor and watch the movie, at least to see what the wholefuss is about. I felt like the only bad thing BvS did was they advertised way toomuch, which made it a prime target for haters to want to see this movieburn. About the movie itself, Wow!!!! Zack Snyder really experiments withcinematography. If you bought Fandango tickets, and got the free comicbooks, I highly recommend that you read those before you go watch themovie. Because you will see Zack Snyder's genius, it was so interestinghow he made the movie feel like it came alive from the comic books. Iknow people have constantly been saying, batman is darker... wellactually another word to describe it is scarier, certain elements fromit felt like a horror movie, because it got that creepy. But in a goodway!!! Because that is why Batman even exists, to bring fear in thehearts of his enemies. How ironic that majority people thought Ben Affleck was a mistake forBatman, and no one is saying anything bad about him now. He wasfreaking awesome as Batman!!! In fact I am pretty pleased with everyonethey casted. Some were a little unorthodox approach, but it was new andclever so i liked it. Don't want to see the same kind of Lex Lutherevery time there is a new movie, that gets boring to me. This movie is definitely different then another superhero movie. Anyother movie you watch, you definitely know that it's a science fictionand it will never happen. This movie actually made you wonder, what ifthese superheroes existed in our world, how we would react to it.That's what makes this movie so Amazing. Please go watch it, and i wish i could rate the critics and give themrotten tomatoes. Oh, and go check the profile of these critics, theyare like old grumpy men.. you wouldn't trust them with recommending arestaurant, so definitely don't trust their recommendation for movies.! lol