I'll be the first to say that I hate hype. Hype to me is pointless andmanipulative. The reason I hate is because where anticipation arisesfor the film after they see the trailer, they always found itdisappointing once they saw it. This is the reason why I avoidtrailers. Because I want to be open minded about films. Sometimes greatmovies can live up to the hype (See Star Wars 7 and Mad Max: FuryRoad). But while people say that the concept is going to be awesome,I'm more worried about the execution of the final product than the ideaitself. But sometimes when I see the film that people loved, I usuallyget baffled by it. Batman vs Superman is one of those films. Trying to explain the plot would be a nightmare, so because I wasuninvested in the film, I'll instead provide a link to the Wikipediasynopsis (please be warned, there may be spoilers. So, tread lightly): You done? OK. Now to explain my reasons why I hated the film.#1: No character development. Now, you simple-minded morons might besaying "Who cares about the story and characters? We want to see Batmanand Superman fight!". I'm going to say "I freaking care about story andcharacters". If there is no character development, then it's not a goodfilm. All of the characters in the film are very underdeveloped andvery boring. Why? Because the audience wants to be invested in the filmand if you have lame, underdeveloped characters, it just turns down thepatience meter to 1. This is why I love the films of Frank Darabont,David Fincher, Jonathan Demme, Sam Mendes, Quentin Tarantino, etc. theyput more effort into the story and characters and make sure theaudience is invested in them. Speaking of story...#2: Its unfocused narrative. OK, is this Batman vs Superman or JusticeLeague: The Beginning? It only takes about 2 hours to see Batman andSuperman fight. I wouldn't mind that except if the plot was morefocused. There are so many subplots in the film that it becomes hard tocare about this film. First, it's about Batman wanting revenge onSuperman. But then, we get stuff like The Justice League, Wonder Woman,Martha Kent, Mark Zuckerberg, The Daily Planet, Lois Lane, GeneralZod's dead body. There's way too much to focus on. Good movies likeSeven, Philadelphia and Shawshank have only 1 or 2 subplots (and thecharacters were more interesting). BvS has enough to fill a miniseries.Nothing is focused and the main objective (Batman fighting Superman) isonly 15 minutes out of this bloated 151 minute film.#3: It's.....too................sloooooowwwww. I'm serious, this is theperfect film for anyone who has no patience whatsoever. Long movies canbe good (Saving Private Ryan was 169 minutes and it was great), as longas everything else is flawless. Would it kill Zack Snyder to cut out 2subplots, as well as rewrite the scri...Ah, forget it. No-one carescharacters anymore. They only care about making money and pissing offthe audience. I just was bored by this supposed "action" film. Don'tget me wrong, I like action films. The Terminator films were great(except for 3, Salvation and Genesis, all piles of crap). But Snyderhowever succeeds in making an action film that is boring as hell. I wasso bored that I thought about leaving, but I stayed (because I don'tlike leaving while the movie is playing). You could sleep through anhour and you won't miss a thing.Bottom line, I hate this film. I freaking hate this film. Not to soundhypocritical, but before the film came out, I predicted that exact sameopinion and I was right. This is an example on why hype should never betrusted. It's a stupid, monotonous, boring, poorly developed, ADD-ridden, biggest pile of rubbish I have ever seen. Nothing'sinteresting. No-one manages to even save this film, not even BenAffleck (How could you, Ben? You were in Gone Girl, for Christ'ssake!). I'm surprised on why people love this film solely because ofBatman and Superman duking it out. Well, to that I say, You'recompletely wrong. Just because Batman and Superman duke it out, doesn'tmean that it's a great film. We have to know the characters before theyduke it out.Please, avoid this film. Plain and simple.