Before I began, I would just I would just like to say, I am a big fanof the Saw franchise - I loved it from when I was 13 and watched everysingle one to (hopefully) know the entire story. And I went to this onewith really high hopes, with no expectation of being annoyed! Whilewatching this I didn't find it hard to keep on the storyline, it wasquite easy to understand 'the game' until the end, you'll have to goover it in your head a few times and tell someone so you understandyourself. When the detectives are on the case they kind of take amassive shot in the dark which is like why point the finger that themwhen they are supposed to know this kind of thing, it's very much likethey want to blame almost anyone for 'the game'. The only thing in myeyes which they lacked on was the media coverage: they showed multiplepress people but never the actual media coverage and the uproar fromthe public. It was very much like a play on a stage with a few scenesto swap from each other, wherein the 'Saw' movies there was a fullscene but it felt more open and not like they had space and used thelimits of it. Towards the ending you think 'case closed' but itsJigsaw, its never case closed without a few flashbacks: which yeah thatdoesn't change, which I loved. But the ending: this brought it down forme, granted its a lot of things, probably less than the other movies -but it's not the best of them at all! The big plot twist is who is theso- called 'New' Jigsaw, well with no spoiler: when you find out who itis, you're like why? then there's an even bigger plot twist that makesit all fall into place. So the 'the game' is made for someone youwouldn't expect at all, there's is so-called 'archive' footage but youwouldn't have seen it in the first saga of movies, at the endingeverything does fall into place. This movie isn't the best one at allin the whole sagas as it has revenge as well as a new saga starting inone. It does a good ritual for the old movies kind of showing its a newset of movies based 10 years after the first events. And when I saysaga, I do think this is like a series 2 set of movies for Jigsaw withmuch more to come. But they will let a lot of fans down with this one!