First let me open by saying that I'm a huge fan of the Saw franchiseand would put the original Saw in my top 3 horror movies of all time.Initially I was really hyped because there were rumors of James Wan AndLeigh Whannel coming back, but sadly that fell through. After seeingthe trailer I had really low expectations for this film and itcompletely lived up to them! It felt like on the one hand it was simplya "Jigsaw's Greatest Hits" rehash of previous traps, but done in a morebland manner - the chain around the neck that pulls you into a bladetrap, the syringe trap, the being buried alive trap, the deadly collartrap, etc. All of these were seen in past movies where they were donein a much more interesting and creative way that was both extremelyvisceral and (more or less) integral to the plot. The new traps areloosely held together by another generic story of cops (with secrets!)hot on the trail of jigsaw - this was done well in most of the movies,but the cop portion in Jigsaw is like an even worse version of theterrible, awkward Saw 7, if that's possible. On the other hand, Jigsawfelt like a musician who re-releases an old demo tape as a quick cashgrab - since this movie is sort of a prequel we get to see a bunch ofolder jigsaw traps which, as stated, were less good, made less sense,and didn't fall in line with anything the past movies had built Jigsawup to be (oh yeah and even though this happened 10 years ago, the sizeand scope of the traps were way bigger and more complex than the thingsin the first couple movies which were supposed to happen after this,how does that work exactly??). Additionally, the writers apparentlymissed all 7 movies that happened before this because this onecompletely goes against all the lore that has been created and builtupon. It feels like a watered down reboot which has no real pointwhatsoever other than to try to milk the Saw name and make a quickbuck. Like I said, I am a huge fan of this series, but this movie is atbest mediocre and largely forgettable - if this was the first movie inthe series I would have never gotten into it. As others have said, thismovie lacks everything that made the saw franchise great other than"traps". It lacks the Saw trademarks like muted color palette, quickedits, extremely visceral traps, claustrophobic & creepy atmospheres,actual tension, interesting dynamic characters and unique, compellingstory (first 3 for sure, and 4-6 at least tried) with great twists.Additionally, this one pretty much forgets/erases ALL the loreintroduced in the previous movies. They've already explored Jigsaw'sorigins in depth and showed how he got into developing the traps (plushow Hoffman and Amanda helped him build a lot of them, early onesincluded) and how he developed the philosophy behind them - testingpeople to see if they have the will to survive and continue living.This movie tosses that out the window, reducing Jigsaw/new apprenticeto clichéd moral guys who just kill 'bad people' because somebodymislabeled a jigsaw x-ray (Saw is the king of the retcon but this onefails so hard at it), the traps are both arbitrary and at timesunbelievably specific - for example one guy falls into the floor andthere is a tape there that specifically talks to that guy...yet thereis NO way jigsaw could have predicted that he specifically would findit. The victims are really poorly written; the writing offers someabsurdly specific details about some of them while it leaves out thelarger background of who these people even are and why you should careabout them. The "game"/traps feel too rushed, not giving you enoughinformation on the people and how/why the traps were supposed to testthem in a way meaningful to them, which has always been a big componentof the traps in the past. The jigsaw character, who normally is thebest thing about the franchise is totally devoid of all the things thatmade him interesting and sadly could've been left out without any realdetriment to the film. The new apprentice plot line makes no sense andshould have been WAY more fleshed out if they insist on an absolutelyridiculous retcon this huge. As is, it makes no sense and just leavestiny plot holes such as, but not limited to: every single aspect of thestory in relation to the past movies' storyline(s). The characters areall super bland and I've already forgotten almost all of them, cops andvictims. I also felt like the reactions of all characters was kind ofinappropriate for the situations; the cops never seemed to be thatconcerned/shocked about victims/dead people, and the victims didn'tseem all that genuinely afraid/terrified/confused (not sure if badacting or bad directing, likely both). This made it hard for me to careabout the "story".. Anyway, I could write more but I won't. All youneed to know is that Lionsgate had 7 years to develop an absolutelykick ass comeback for the franchise but instead delivered a blandwatered down reboot that is too weak for the fans while also lackinganything to hook new viewers. People who hated these movies for beingtoo torture porn aren't going to magically like them because youwatered down the gore and got rid of any meaningful story. People wholoved these movies will immediately see how weak this one iscomparatively. All in all, casual horror fans may find enjoyment, butfans of the Saw series will be highly disappointed. Get Leigh Whannelback in the writers chair or let the franchise die.