Jigsaw is a movie I've been waiting a long time for. After Saw 7 orSaw: "The Final Chapter" I was seriously let down. It did a terriblejob bringing the series to a close and so obviously I was unsatisfied.JIgsaw doesn't necessarily cure this because we don't get to see Dr.Gordon even though he was established as an apprentice. Outside of aview small references and JIgsaw himself, of course, this newinstallment is made up of completely new characters. However, I highly enjoyed this film even if it misses what Saw trulyis. The filmmakers were clearly trying to go more psychological withthis one but they missed the point. The plot of Saw is intertwined withits traps and psychological elements. The best example in this is withthe Saw 6 health care plot. The traps were symbolic of what William wasdoing and what he had to go through directly correlates with thephysiological elements. Most of the traps in this film were mild anddidn't correlate with the psychological elements. The majority of theSaw films have great plot lines but critics and audiences alike are toogrossed out to think about anything else than the gore or what the goremeans. The new Saw film just simply doesn't understand that.This film also doesn't have the look of previous Saw films. It's higherdefinition and while some may like that I think it makes it lose itspersonality and just look like any other movie. All the fast-pacedediting and spinning camera has been ripped from the movie which alsobothered me. If you're going to rip away all this style, replace itwith something different, which they didn't.So why am I giving this an 8 out of 10. It's still a damn good Sawfilm. I love the mystery that surrounds the film with the question ifJigsaw has somehow come back from the dead. The idea of having toconfess was also genius. All of the characters did something awful andthey weren't able to admit to the fact that they did it. LauraVandervoort character is the best example of it. She did somethingawful and then convinced herself it was her husband's fault.The twist also completely shocked me. When we see John Kramer, I trulybelieved he was alive again until it's revealed that it the first gameever played and the current game was being replicated. Also, the keybeing in the bullet was cleaver. She could have saved them both butinstead, wasted the bullet in fear. The same fear when she suffocatedher baby. John Kramer had clearly stated to balance the situation. Twowrongs don't make a right. I am a bit worried about the new apprentice taking over. He justdoesn't seem like he's going to be that interesting. Costas Mandylor'sMark Hoffman may not have been the most fleshed out character but hehad presence. This new guy doesn't seem to have that. Only time willtell if he is good or not but I can't help but feel worried. I hope in the next installment they bring back the original look andstyle. Mentioning previous films would be great as well. What happenedto Dr. Gordon. Why did he become an apprentice? What happened to hisfamily? What about Hoffman? Did he escape or is he dead? I don't thinkignoring the previous films is the right direction to go on. Theyshould use them to continue to build the story.Overall, I highly enjoyed this film even it misses what Saw truly is.It's not as good as Saw 1,2,3 or 6 but I'd say it's definitely betterthan the others. As a Saw fan, I am quite pleased with this film and Ihope this film does well l so there will be more Saw films to come.