As a massive and avid SAW fan since its inception in 2004, I thoughtthe film overall was pretty poor, which seriously pains me to say in areview. The film is lifeless and had no SAW-like qualities from theprevious seven films in it. I totally understand Lionsgate reasoning rebooting the franchise andbringing SAW to the modern world with new characters, new colourpalette, direction etc; however as an avid fan I felt robbed of all thehype I had in my own mind and expectation since the film was announcedlast year.Take nothing away from Charlie Clouser and his soundtrack, once againit is spot on! A very unusual take of the film to begin with, unlikeprevious instalments, it felt like a TV crime drama was just copied andpasted from a CBS show onto the editing software Kevin Greutert uses;at the time i'm there thinking what the hell is this i'm watching here!100% not scary, jump scares weak. Hardly any gore or that SAW-stylevisceral piece of storytelling that made the franchise what it is.I understand the reasoning and story behind the traps they produced,but it felt like the writers made them all up in the space of 2 minuteswithout actually thinking about how to add that violent tension whichmakes the trap scenes unsettling to watch. To be fair, for me it does have one of the best twists in thefranchise... but the ending was very cheap and stingy from a fans pointof view. You come to expect that decent climax and the "wtf" momentlike the previous seven films, but all I saw was nothing but garbagewhich was truly unsatisfying. The film clearly does not push itselffurther.I even shook my head slightly when it ended. I dunno, maybe i'm too hung up on the previous story/characters, andmaybe I'm gonna have to watch it again to try and reap some benefits.But for me it is one, maybe the worse film in the franchise. Even afterthe film I kept thinking that I could have done a better job. TheSpierig Brothers did an okay job with a very tacky script with onlyscene that stands out the most.