I should mention that my review doesn't really have any spoilers, butwhen I go into the logic of the situation where people are at the barnmight be considered as such, so I put spoiler tag just in case.OK, I went to the theaters and saw Jigsaw. It was a pre-screening, so Ithought it might be useful to write a review about this movie since itwill be about a month before Jigsaw will be officially released in myarea (Finland). A huge thanks to my friend who suggested thispre-screening (despite my dislike for the movie after seeing it).I have seen the first two Saw movies and watched reviews of rest ofthem, so I do have a general idea what Saw franchise is about. I mightnot remember important details, but bare with me. I really liked thefirst movie, because it was intense without blood spilling every time.It was more like a crime-thriller than "horror" splatter/gore that restof the Saw movies were. Some say they are torture porn, since Jigsawand traps are the main reason why people watch it. I'll admit, most ofthe traps are pretty creative, but also really stupid. If not takenseriously, you might enjoy Saw movies more.So, 8th Saw movie is now a thing, so how does it compare to previousmovies? Not that much. We now have a competent directors, editor,cinematography and decent acting. These don't sound bad, but I justhave a huge problem that probably is isn't a problem for you, but letme explain what I mean. Jigsaw lacks it's own identity in some ways.There is no quick editing or camera work that made you feel like youwere inside the building with the characters. As much as I think thatSaw's style isn't that great, but at least it feel like it had it's ownthing for the most part. Too many movies feel like they are made bysame people, despite having different people. Maybe it's studios fault?Best words I can use to describe all of this are: standardized andtamed.In my country, Saw movies were rated 18, but Jigsaw is rated 16, sothis is already a warning sign. While Jigsaw had some gore, it was moretame compared to rest of the Saw movies. Maybe I'm just desensitized,but if you seriously are going to make a Saw sequel, don't you thinkthat you should go all in with the gore, since Saw movies usually havepoor writing anyway (except for the first Saw). Jigsaw seem to be morefocused on CGI than before. Say what ever you about the Saw films, butyou have to admit that it had very good practical effects. CGI that ithad were alright, but one of the shots were really bad in my opinion.Too many movies nowadays relies on computer effects, which can look sonoticeable even if it's not bad.Speaking of the writing, plot was just as convoluted and silly as theprevious movies, but unfortunately not in a good (funny) way. Usuallyyou would laugh at ridiculousness of Saw's plots, but since Jigsaw ismore standardized than any other Saw movie, it doesn't create the sameeffect. This is disappointing, because I honestly wanted to have alaugh. This movie is much more Hollywood than Saw.I think I shouldn't waste my time with the plot, since this is aspoiler-free review and I'm reviewing a Saw movie, but I should mentiona few things. I'm not going to spoil anything, just talking about theidea and you know Jigsaw takes place in a barn. If you are trapped in abarn and you are not running out of time at all, don't you think thattrying the break the wall (that is made of planks, WOOD!) could be asmart idea? I mean, it's a big building, so the odds of traps are small(not to mention, that on the outside, there simply couldn't be anycomplex traps), since Jigsaw simply cannot predict where the victimscan escape. The movie shows that there are many tools around the barn.No timer = no hurry. So, why not spend some time trying break the wall?Saw movies usually have situations where victims should explore thearea, but previous movies at least had strong walls and blocked doors.Also, if the building is full of traps, it's a stupid idea to check theplaces with someone, since both of them can be trapped if they triggersomething. Scout the place before everyone else goes or use any toolsyou could have.OK, I might unfair to this movie, but I honestly didn't enjoy it. I wasmost of the time bored. Sure, acting was decent, but the charactersdidn't have anything special or unique about them. Maybe the onecharacter (not Jigsaw) was sort of interesting, but was still alackluster character. Direction wasn't bad, but again it was tooHollywood like. Plot points were predictable and gore aspects weredisappointing.Bad movies can be enjoyable, but Jigsaw was just "bad" and boring.Competent movie makers can either make a really good movie or justboring ones (yes, there are exceptions too). Incompetent movie makerscan make the movie hilarious in unintentional ways.There simply isn't much to say about Jigsaw other than what I alreadysaid. The movie is forgettable. Enjoyment level were 2/10 but giving a3/10 rating is more fitting, since the movie was "competent" but reallyboring. I don't recommend Jigsaw. Go watch something else. Anythingelse that is released in theaters is probably at least slightly betterthan Jigsaw.