Kenneth Branagh is at it again, with a dialog-driven, murder mysterythat in a lot of cases, didn't need to be re-made.As a railfan and 70mm buff, this was a movie I've been anxious to watchfor quite sometime. Murder on the Orient Express is the very simple "who done it" with thetwist of a seemingly random journey that puts one of the bestdetectives in the world, in the heart of a crime only he can solve. TheAgatha Christie story has been modified heavily for this new venture,the writers taking some of the best elements of her writing and addingsome new twists and turns in hopes to revitalize the story. It's clearfrom the first scene, Branagh's intentions were to make an "actor's"piece, rather than one of sheer entertainment. Where this film fallsshort is with it's characters, less it's casting choices.Unfortunately, whether due to time or financial constraints, even themost talkative characters feel very flat and missing importantdynamics. Every time you want more from them, the filmmakers cut away.Every time the filmmakers show you more, it feels poorly written anddoesn't make sense. I would make the assumption it was pretty long andit was substantially cut down. Furthermore, the lead character HerculePoirot, has a heavy French accent and talks very fast. So much of thecritical clever dialog can be missed with the blink of an eye. This isunfortunate because within the script, there are some good moments,it's just the translation from actor to audience, was weak. In terms of the production, this was a massive undertaking because theycouldn't afford to shoot on location, so the entire movie was made onthe back lot. This includes the grand station at the beginning, nearlyall of the train scenes and of course, the mountain causeway which iswhere most the film takes place. There is "some" real train footage inthe movie, but only a few seconds here and there. Unfortunately as aconsequence, there are a lot of visual effects shots. Mostly setextensions, but almost all of the wide shots of the train, is done inCG, which is unfortunate. Branagh only works on film and he felt this movie deserved the "royal"treatment and would be entirely shot on 5 perf 65mm. He had worked with65mm making 'Hamlet' and was excited to do it again. Thecinematographer Haris Zambarloukos, has worked with Branagh a few othertimes and was excited about working on large format. They shot mostscenes with 2 cameras, and some of the bigger scenes that didn't havedialog, they used upwards of three cameras. This allowed them to shootvery fast and with a very experienced cast, it was easy to bang outscenes without much fuss or re- shooting. Since the film was being shotin the UK, they used Cinelab UK's 65mm processing machines and hadovernight dailies, which was a perfectly acceptable workflow. Thecamera seems to be always in motion, either on a dolly, Steadicam orjib/crane. This created a really nice look, along with some excellentlighting choices from Zambarloukos. Instead of using green screenoutside the windows of the moving train, VER provided the world'slargest LED display solution for a movie. Zambarloukos shot plates inNew Zealand on a rail line up in the mountains. They shot with both65mm and digital cameras and wound up only using the digital media forthose plates. With that said, the 65mm format was so crisp, you couldtell the background was projected, which was a real shame. Had it beenshot on anamorphic 35mm, you may not have been able to tell. I felt over-all cinematography wise, the film was made like a typicalHollywood venture. Outside of a few cool shots, like the Steadicam shotwhich goes through the entire train and shooting through some of thebeautiful glasswork inside the coaches, there wasn't anything reallyoutstanding to see. The production simply felt rushed and they weren'ttaking many risks, especially in the cinematography department. In summary, the production felt rushed, post felt rushed and even theprintmaking and projection felt rushed. This left me semi-unsatisfiedand at one point, I nearly dozed off because frankly, it just wasn'tthat interesting of a movie. There were a lot of great elements, but noglue to hold them together. Technically it wasn't anything to writehome about either, which was disappointing. Even the score was very 2ndrate and lackluster, which was a real shame. There really wasn't any"redeeming" value to the movie and that's the biggest problem. Worth the watch on home video, but now that the prints are about to beretracted, I wouldn't bother seeing on the big screen. Hopefully Foxmakes some money off the prints and see's the value in perhaps strikingmore for future releases.