Hercule Poirot (Kenneth Branagh, who also directed) is, by his ownadmission, the world's greatest detective circa 1930. Its true. Usinghis "little gray cells" he has solved some unsolvable crimes. At thestart of the film, in Israel, Poirot discovers who stole a rare,bejeweled artifact and it wasn't a rabbi, priest, or iman, assuspected. Now, Mr. Hercule just wants to get back to London. His modeof transportation is the famous Orient Express, from Istanbul to Paris.On board, he meets kind folks like Mary (Daisy Ridley), a governess, DrArbuthnot (Leslie Odom, Jr.), the grand Mrs. Hubbard (MichellePfeiffer), a Princess (Judi Dench), among others, and a man describedas most unpleasant, Mr. Ratchet (Johnny Depp). In fact, when Ratchetfinds out Mr. Poirot is on the train, he asks him for a huge favor.Ratchet, a self-described art dealer, insists someone is trying to"off" him and wants Hercule to protect him. Poirot says no, for he hashis doubts about who Ratchet truly is. As the train passes throughmountains, an avalanche stops the train in the early morning and it issoon discovered Ratchet was murdered in the night, even though he sleptwith a gun. It appears his late night coffee was drugged. One of thefirst things brought to life, too, was that the dead man's name wasn'tRatchet, but Cassetti, and as such, was the kidnapper/murderer of ayoung girl, Daisy Armstrong, some years before. One by one, Poirotinterviews the rest of the passengers, trying to find a killer. Couldit be his secretary, McQueen (Josh Gad), who was stealing money fromhis boss? Or perhaps it was the Austrian professor (Willem Dafoe) whoseethes with hatred for others? The culprit, whom Poirot DOES uncover,is almost beyond belief! Who done it? Thie classic tale is a feast forthe eyes and ears. The scenery is breathtaking and the script witty,amid the horror. Then, too, the cast is superb, each doing fine work,especially Branagh as Poirot. Needless to say, the costumes arelikewise wonderful as they recreates the garb of the thirties. Perhapsthe only criticism might be leveled at the pace, as it is slow attimes. Nevertheless, discerning movie goers will want to EXPRESSLY makea date to view it.