When a movie revolves around a murder and makes you wonder who thekiller is, it really needs to do a great job in getting you invested inthe characters at hand. 2017's adaptation of the classic AgathaChristie novel may just be one of the most disappointing films I'veseen all year because it fails to do the one thing that a murdermystery is meant to do, which is to keep you interested from beginningto end. There are many things to gawk at when watching this film, butthe story itself definitely isn't one of them. This rendition of Murderon the Orient Express, even though I haven't read the original materialor see the other adaptations, is quite the bore and here is why I justcan't get myself to really recommend this movie to anyone.Without a doubt, this movie is wonderfully directed by Kenneth Branagh,but the screenplay for this film ranks pretty low on the scale in termsof Michael Green's previous works. Having written terrific films inLogan and Blade Runner 2049, his past works also include Alien:Covenant and Green Lantern, which were far less than stellar, so Icould clearly see a mixture of good and bad throughout this particularscreenplay. Focusing mostly on the character of Hercule Poirot, therest of the passengers are left by the wayside, which is where I feelthe film suffers the most.Getting to know Poirot, Murder on the Orient Express begins in givingthe audience a bit of backstory into what is character is all about andonce the train gets going, having his character slowly beginning tointeract with each of the passengers, the movie seemed to be movingalong at a brisk pace, but a certain event occurs, leaving a passengerdead, while also bringing the movie to a complete halt. Everythingleading up to the eventual murder on the train was interesting to me,but for reasons that can't be explained here without spoiling, I trulyfound myself not caring who committed the crime and the movie ended uplosing me quite early on.As far as twists and turns go, Murder on the Orient Express does itsvery best to trick the audience, but the outcome was very strange tome, making the rest of the movie sort of feel irrelevant. There aremany characters to try and flesh out here, and I understand that's avery difficult task to accomplish in scripting a feature film, but whencertain characters were given backstories, I felt as though I shouldbegin to care about them more than the others, but in reality, thenotion of not really caring about the outcome kept running through mymind. Nearly every aspect of this story was uninteresting to me, but Ican't deny that it looks beautiful.From the sweeping landscapes to the way the camera angles helped movethe story along, I found myself immersed in a film that I didn't reallycare about, which was a pretty frustrating experience. After theconclusion of each big scene, I was sucked back in my rapid-firedialogue by Kenneth Branagh, only to be bored by overlong sequences ofconversations, with only a handful of them being of any interest. Thismovie had so much potential of being great, but I can't even reallycall it a good movie.In the end, this rendition of Murder on the Orient Express tries to beclassy and clever, and while the main character of Hercule Poirot isinteresting and likable, the cinematography is beautiful, and many ofthe side characters curious enough to hold my interest, the storyitself was sort of a dread to sit through. The conclusion felt odd andnothing felt like much of a revelation to me. I can't see this moviegrowing a large fanbase, and due to the lack of pacing and characterdevelopment, I can't recommend that anyone rushes out to see this film.At best, I'd consider a home rental if you're curious, but I don'tthink you're missing out on much if you skip this. Personally, Idisliked this film much more than the portions I enjoyed. Murder on theOrient Express is extremely disappointing.