A perfect example of high budget crap. The only thing this movie getsright is the marketing. (Pat your selves on the back creative teambehind that, you did a good job and are most likely responsible for 50%of the box office behind this movie.) I felt as it was an absolutewaste of my time. This is a high budget movie, filled with top billingactors which are the only two saving graces of the film. It all startsoff with an extremely slow first act, filled with pointless characterintroductions and equally pointless CGI shots. Opening act feels as ifsomeone watched a bunch of old movies thinks a movie is supposed to bebut manages to entirely miss the point. This movie has perhaps some ofthe worst writing I've seen since Suicide Squad and actually shares alot of traits with it. An ensemble of famous people who play a bunch ofover the top but flat and boring characters. It really is the SuicideSquad of non- superhero movies. Out of like 13 people not a singlecharacter stands out or feels human. A bunch of loud douchebags.Everyone is written over the top and robotic. I can't blame it on theactors when the script is at fault but you could've just as easily castTommy Wiseau and have him run around and yell "I did nawt kill her, Idid nawwt". The whole plot revolves around a separate crime that we asan audience do not care about in the least. The main character Hercule(I had to look up the names to write this) feels like a cheap SherlockHolmes and completely fails to portray the "careless genius" who issuperior to everyone (also who reads Dickens, which makes it worse).They try to establish him as the greatest detective in an opening scenethat is so basic and predictable that I as a viewer "solved the crime"minutes before the answer is presented, at which we were supposed to beimpressed. The casting itself was terrible, they just shoved anyA-lister who would say yes with a bonus of an unnecessary amount of badaccents. The rest of the characters were so forgettable I'm not evengonna bother telling you about any of them. The mystery itself feltbland and disconnected. I did not feel engaged at all throughout themovie and kept looking at my clock. The murder, all the clues andrevelations felt like they were just dragging out the movie. It was infact so bland that the Doctor Who interpretation of The Orient Expresswas just as good if not better. The movie tried to have some comedicmoments most of which fell extremely flat. However, the biggest redflag for me was the fact that I was laughing out loud at some of themost serious and important scenes of the movie - including it'srevelation and conclusion. I mean there's nothing more hilarious than acharacter barging into a serious scene with a gun yelling "NO, I'M THEKILLER!" Finally, the conclusion of the movie was not only predictableand boring (ruined a great premise/twist though) but just down rightstupid. It even featured a possible sequel set up. (Which isn't gonnahappen cause this movie flopped). I could keep on ranting about howmuch I didn't like this movie for a long time, but I'll spare you fromit. You want to hear the good? Well, the cinematography was prettygood, also the costumes were great. That's about it. So, if you want togo see an excellent movie that features a train, go watch TheDarjeeling Limited, thank Wes and I later. P/S What was up with that"Last Supper" shot near the end? I sighed out loud at it.?? 5/10 - Maybe watch it on a plane if there's nothing better to do? -5/10 ??