I enjoyed the first few minutes of fighting in the forest and the restof the movie is just insufferable. Nothing makes much sense and thepacing is so slow that I almost dosed off for a while. The goodcinematography and CGI does not make up for the lack of a decent plotand forced character build-up. One example is that the little girl did not give a sh*t when shediscovered that her father (who supposedly risked everything escapingfrom the military to protect and care for her) had been killed by theapes but later was clearly moved to tears by the death of one of apeswho's been round and for a few days and gave her a flower one time(maybe daddy just never put flowers in her hair and that's like herthing?). I guess the writers' reasoning is that Caesar and the apes arethe good guys, and the girl's father tried to kill them, so he must bea bad guy, so no sympathy for him, oh no no no, not even from his owndaughter, who needs to be on the good side later, because plots! So youcan see how this kind of character development successfully makes meunable to empathize with any of the characters in this movie (to behonest, I did feel for the girl's dad, poor guy). Perhaps the most irritating thing is the messy way the apes communicatewith each other. While most of them seem to be fluent with signlanguages and occasional 'O-O-' noise that makes them 'apish', Caesarand a few other main characters can also speak some English with brokengrammar. Sometimes Caesar speaks English to apes that only do signs andthey seem to understand it (then why don't they just speak Englishthemselves or why don't Caesar just use sign language which others aremore comfortable with?). I know these things are there to make themovie more 'realistic' but they don't work and only add to moreconfusion and unnecessary suffering for the audience. Sometimes otherapes sign to Caesar behind his back and he totally gets it without evenlooking at them! This kind of mixing up nonsensical things just makesmy OCD explode, not to mention 90% of the movie is listening to thisslow and boring enunciation of infantile broken English or readingsubtitles. I can go on, but I don't want to. I wish I had the courage to walk outof the theater half way through the movie but I was a coward andinstead I weep for the future of cinema.