Is it just me or have trailers now fallen into the habit of sellingmovies as something they're not. I started noticing this trend sometimearound last winter's Passengers (2016). The film was sold as a sweepingsci-fi space adventure when, what it ended up being was a weepy dramawith sci-fi trimmings and the mentality of a 90's romantic comedy. Bookof Henry (2017), Suburbicon (2017) heck even the very excellent Mother!(2017) all sold themselves as one thing then blindsided audiences bybeing something entirely different.The trailer for Murder on the Orient Express and the accompanying moviedefinitely fall into this trap, though not in the way you'd expect. Itis, a point of fact, a candidly old-fashioned whodunit with a showylead performance by director/star Kenneth Branagh at its center; thatmuch you know. Yet if you're not familiar with the Agatha Christienovel, the stunningly overrated 1974 film or the even more unbearable2001 made-for-TV movie, you'll be somewhat surprised that the whodunitat the head of this story is very much beside the point. This isn't amurder mystery as the title suggests but rather a social investigationon whether pre-meditated murder can truly be justified.The film begins at the tail end of one of detective Hercule Poirot(Branagh) world famous criminal investigations. Tired and in need ofrest, relaxation and Dickens, Poirot takes the advice of an old friend(Bateman), and hitches a ride on the Orient Express, a luxury coachthat winds through the snow-covered Carpathian Mountains beforechugging through some of Europe's most important cities. Finding a fulltrain of interesting and potentially dangerous characters, Poirot'srelaxation turns to suspicion when a known criminal with plenty ofenemies, is discovered dead on board.During Poirot's careful deconstruction of events and motives we get asense of Hercule's intelligence, poise under pressure and innate senseof justice. "To me the difference between right and wrong is as clearas black and white," says a tired Poirot right before hopping thetrain. Little does he know that his brief holiday from crime will havehim plumbing through the depths of human sorrow, guilt and anger,ultimately shifting his antiquated worldview.If you come into Orient Express with that in mind, you may end uphaving a pretty good time. Agatha Christie invented the popular Poirotfor her many novels but the character is a creature of the stage. Hismannerisms are big and his emotions are even bigger. Branagh knows thisand imbues the super sleuth with a certain theatricality that workswell in the cramped quarters of a gently rocking train. He has a stageand fills it with deeply felt emotional stakes. When the big third-acttwist reveals itself, we actually feel for Poirot's internal struggleand hardly do we envy him when things start to fall apart.Of course getting there, and feeling for Poirot much less the rest ofour characters involves entirely too many qualifiers for Murder on theOrient Express to warrant a strong recommendation. If you have seen the1974 Sidney Lumet film, this newer, flashier version feels like anunnecessary remake. It's prettier and quicker paced but like a clearnight in a big city, it just feels less impressive and has far fewerstars than you'd like. If you've read the novel then the film'sfidelity to the source material may warrant some brownie points. Butagain, if that's what you're looking for than the 1974 version straightup does it better.If however, you're coming in fresh and you're jonesing for a good 'olfashion mystery where you can play along at home then?I have some badnews for you. This movie (and let's face it, every other incarnation ofthe story), leaves the mystery to hang out just long enough for you toengage on an intellectual level then pulls the rug out from under youin the most unsatisfying of ways. I'm being coy because I don't want toruin it for you but let's just say Orient Express has always felt liketaking a final exam that you've been fretting over for weeks only todiscover that everyone's getting an "A" regardless.So yeah, if you want to get the most out of this movie, you need tohave either read the book or seen one of the films. You have to be atleast familiar with Kenneth Branagh's directorial efforts and realizethat the intellectual exercise in this case is not finding out who thekiller is but spotting the differences and similarities between themany versions of the same story. The characters are as alwaysinteresting and as I said, this one is prettier, but the greatestversion possible out of the source material, this film is not.