When the long-banished, not-known-to-exist first-born of Odin(Hopkins,whose parody of himself, as well as his somber take, are both great),his daughter Hela(Blanchett, delicious, loving every moment, and makingfor another one of the few and far between deeply memorable villains ofthe franchise) returns to Asgard, her tremendous powers and thirst forconquest mean Thor(Hemsworth going for dry, sarcastic wit, and itworks) and Loki(yet again in a new personal situation with his family,albeit overall, he does little to affect what happens) have to stopher. However, they're stuck in Sakaar, prisoners of the dictator TheGrandmaster(Goldblum, with his charm turning threatening from onesecond to the next). And then our titular hero is made to fight thegladiatorial champion ? The Hulk(Ruffalo getting to expand the role'svocabulary, personality, and tragedy/pathos ? albeit not far enough. Itdoesn't extend to properly exploring what he's been doing, fightingbeings no match for him, previously invariably to the death, despitehim leaving Earth was literally specifically to flee this exact thing.They stopped short of where the comic went with it, sadly. Thesupporting players are appreciated, though).This trilogy has gotten a lot of criticism from the onset, some of itdeserved, a lot of it borne out of the natural difficulties with makingthis kind of world work, especially within the gritty, realistic oneIron Man set up. In this entry, Earth is nearly completely absent, andcertainly the only human who has screen-time is Dr. Strange, who isalso "beyond". Yes, Jane Foster, Darcy and Erik Selvig are gone. Brokenup off-screen. I hate that. However, with this newfound freedom, thisgoes full cosmic. The tone approaches Guardians of the Galaxy. It'ssuperior to Vol. 2, but not up to the level of the original. Honestly,a few minor things seem to be there specifically to redo that, andthey'd be better left on the cutting room floor. The jokeysubversion/drama mix is not as strong as that, nor of the third RobertDowney Jr. solo picture. With that said, relatively little of theactual weight is lost to laughs. This still has gravity and tension.The action is fast, frequent and enjoyable, if also by far the most MCUaspect of this. Many will find this to be bland, not fun, a corporateproduct. Certainly, there's still a lot of room for diversity andflavor. Fingers crossed that Black Panther will push the envelopethere.I recommend this to anyone who finds the trailers appealing. You can gointo this completely blind. Stay through the credits. 8/10