Frankly, I didn't like the first two Thor movies, the game plan was soclear from the get go. Same old "save the world" routines, broodinghero with a burden, a love connection born out of necessity and bloatedbattle scenes. It is the same blueprint for many superhero movies, butThor has the God element that made the stories feel even morepreposterous and ridiculous. It is hard to be vested in his questsbecause God don't die, hurt as much and can always employ one last deusex machina that solves the unsolvable problem. But Thor: Ragnarokthrows that over-used game plan out from Bifrost into an unknownterritory, making it this year's best superhero movie. I know I know?Justice League has not descended, but looking at the trailer it doesn'ttake a genius to see that it will be doing the above-mentioned routine.New Zealand director Taika Waititi seems like an unusual choice to helmThor's third standalone movie. He has the indie root in him and hemakes superbly smart comedies with oddles of heart, just watch What WeDo in the Shadows (2014) and Hunt for the Wilderpeople (2016) to seehis outstanding oeuvre. Apparently, the Marvel-Disney studios havegiven him full reins and he went ahead and make a comedy. But how doyou inject an indie comedic vibe into a superhero franchise that hasnot been done before?Essentially, Waititi throws out all the cumbersome weights thathampered Thor and tells a simpler but no less cool story about asuperhero trying to get back to his home to clean house. In between hegives Thor ample opportunities to be a beer-swigging beefcake,negotiate some treacherously outlandish situations and strip him offthe one thing that makes him Thor, the Mjolnir. At one point, Odin evenasks a defeated Thor "What are you, the God of Hammers? " that had melaughing till my tears rolled down.The tone is light but no less serious, populated by so many colourfulcharacters in a vivid world trapped in impossible situations. At firstI thought the introduction of Hulk in the early trailer is a misstep,but Mark Ruffalo's casting would have been close to impossible to keepunder wraps. By giving Planet Hulk comic fans a look-in would have beena better move. The repartee between Thor and Hulk/Banner is sohilarious. No less funny is also the dialogue between Thor and Loki,gone is that "he ain't heavy, he is my brother" vibe and this is a Thorthat will give Loki a smackdown if he is out of step.Cate Blanchett plays Thor's estranged sister with evil relish and youdon't cast Jeff Goldblum without allowing him to be Goldblum. Waititieven voices a gladiator-mentor character named Korg that practicallysteals all the scenes he is in. Chris Hemsworth hams it up just to asafe degree and nails all the one-liners with an A+. In fact, the wholecast seems to be having fun.Thor: Ragnarok embraces its preposterousness and swims in a pool ofridiculousness with the deadpan and self-mocking humour hitting all thebullseyes. In the midst of it all, it still manages to tell a superduper cool story of a superhero saving his people. Yet it manages toremain fresh and zip along with a zany lightning pace. What an inspiredchoice for a director. The risk taken will pay huge dividends. This hassuperb rewatch value and I already feel like buying another ticket justto catch all the one-liners one more time. This Thor is Thor-some!