Well for what it's worth, Thor Ragnarok is definitely a satisfying andsuitable ending when speaking of this year's MCU movies. Despiteenjoying Spider-Man Homecoming a little more overall, partially becausethere were things I didn't like about Thor Ragnarok but there was verylittle I disliked about Homecoming, all in all, this film is reallygood. It's explosive and fun and colorful and enjoyable. Is itoverdone? You decide whether or not they overdid some things for thisone. I see lots of people comparing it to Guardians of the Galaxy andwhile I don't fully agree, I can definitely say that there are somethings that are reminiscent of the Guardians' movies.What makes this film so good is its associates. They're not out ofplace and they're not really forced in. Take Hulk for example. I wasthinking, "Hulk may or may not work in this film. Could be great, couldbe straight out opposite." Well, overall, I think it's good that theydid include Hulk - even more so when they had him appear as Bruce,rather than Hulk himself. Mark Ruffalo's Hulk is by far the best oneyet. Well, to me at least. Another thing I have to include is itshumor. Some say it's either a little forced or it's just simply not allthat funny. Well, the moments that were funny, were funny. Not muchmore can be said other than the fact that yeah, some stuff had me like,"Ehh.. okay", but for the most part, there's some solid laughs here andthere.Jeff Goldblum's role was unique, to say the least - but did kind ofremind me of The Collector from Guardians of the Galaxy. I don't know,he just did. Not a bad thing, but you know. If I were to comment on hischaracter, I would have to say he's pretty good. He's not amazing, buthe's an interesting part of the film and makes an okay villain(assuming you would call him that). One thing that really stood out tome and made the film even more enjoyable was its brother scenes, aka,scenes that revolve around Loki and Thor together. That was good inthis film. I actually enjoyed Loki in this more than I did TheAvengers. And Hemsworth is superb in the film. Not a better guy outthere that could have played Thor. He was the correct, undeniablegreatest choice.There's also a very good 'cameo' like role, if you will, which does addto the movie. The film also doesn't lose its identity, meaning thateven though there are other characters and whatnot, it's first andforemost a Thor film.Here's what I didn't like (or, who I didn't like, for that matter):Hela. My reasons for disliking her character are pretty much simplisticand generic, but they're not invalid by any means- she's annoying.She's boring. That's really all I can say. I mean, there's a scene inwhich I do love that includes her, but it's spoiler-ish, so maybeanother time...Overall, however, a great film. Bright, colorful, funny, loads ofaction, good character usage, and the third act is damn good! I thinkthis is perhaps my sixth favorite MCU film overall, overtakingGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, but it is still right behind: 5-Spider-Man Homecoming, 4-The Avengers, 3-Captain America The WinterSoldier, 2-Guardians of the Galaxy and 1-Captain America Civil War.Ragnarok is a terrific film though, and it's one of this year's best.8.5/10