After seeing the trailers for this film I was so hyped that this filmmay have been my most anticipated film of the year, and yes it fallsshort of those expectations but it is still a great fun marvel film.The film sees the goddess of death hela released on Asgard leaving Thorstranded and having to get a team together to stop her. Chris Hemsworthhas always been great as Thor, but this is easily his best performancein the role. The film totally encapsulates his humour and charisma in amassive way that it makes him very likable and easy to root for. Tomhiddleston is back as Loki and he is great too, there chemistry is verygood here and I've always liked how there brotherly relationship hasdeveloped. Mark ruffalo plays the hulk/banner in this film and this iseasily the best hulk we have ever seen. Adding humanity to the hulkmakes him easily the best part of this film, mixed with amazing effectsthat make him look incredible. Also banner is still as fun as he hadalways been, even though he plays second fiddle to the hulk in thisfilm. Tessa Thompson plays Valkyrie and she was so much fun to watch,she is a rebellious drunk who is full of charisma and likability. Cateblanchett plays hela in the film and even though she is clearly havingfun with the role and is pretty menacing, she didn't really stand outthat much to me. Special mentions for Jeff goldblum as the grandmasterand taika waititi as korg who were absolutely hysterical and had melaughing throughout the film. The story is definitely a mixed bag inthis one, I really enjoyed how the story develops in sakaar thegladiator pit as it shows Thor in a different light and he recruits histeam. But the overall plot is pretty weak, which isn't helped by itsfocus on fun action and forgetting about a serious plot really. Whichgets me to the script, this is possibly marvels funniest movie as ithad me laughing pretty much the whole way through. But, this definitelycomes at the cost of any real drama that those other films had, therewasn't that moment that made me emotionally care about the situation.The style of the film is a big plus, the more vibrant colours andmassive scale actions scenes work for the most part and it reallyembraces its more sci-fi roots. Overall I had a lot of fun with ThorRagnarok, and I do believe it is the best Thor film which is definitelyworth a watch.