Thor: Ragnarok is coming out at a time where people are starting to askif we have reached comic book fatigue. To that, Thor: Ragnarok puts abig cross through that thought. Thor changes the game. We can't gettired of a sub-genre when the films keep reinventing themselves everytime.Ragnarok is a blast start to finish. If you are someone who likedlaughing, then you will have a smile from start to finish. Every bit ofhumour hits and if you are an Australian like me, you will get a kickout of a few jokes.If Ragnarok was a chain, there would not be a weak link. While somelinks are weaker than others, there is no outright weak part of thefilm. Everything was at the minimum, just solid. Every character felt like like they were used close to their potential.Every actor and actress put in the performance they needed. You feltlike 99% of characters were done perfectly. The only slight complaintthat can be had about characters in this film was the villain of Hella.Like most Marvel villains, she is terrifically performed by KateBlanchett and she is a force when she needs to be, but by the timeBlack Panther comes around next year, she will be quite forgettable.What they did do well with her however was use her to set up someterrific Thor history.As mentioned, the humour was outstanding, and I think that comes downto Taika Waititi. While he didn't get a writing credit on the film, youknow by the style of the humour that he had a lot of input into whatwas happening on screen.While still on Taika, his directing was fantastic. There are some shotsin this film that I want as a wallpaper because they are look like theyshould be paintings. The action was shot really well, the emotionalmoments had an intimate to them and of course the wide shots of thelandscapes were brilliant.Something I really noticed this is the use of the music. They reallytapped into the Guardians music style and it worked so well with whatwas happening on screen. They had a nice balance of using songs whenneeded but working in score when it is much needed.Ragnorok is a film that if you are going to have a problem withsomething, chances are it is going to be something personal. For me,what stood out as a negative was the pacing, however that comes of theback of a massive positive. This film is trying to balance two storiesthat could have easily been a film separately, and does a really goodjob of it, however I felt as though the Ragnorok story line did feel abit short changed at the end. They weave the two stories well but atthe end of the day, Thor can only be present in one story at a time.Overall, Thor: Ragnorok is a blast from start to finish. It capturedthe humour and light hearted fun that the first Guardians had and tookit to a level you wouldn't of been able to think of. Taika Waititi wasby far the stand out of the film both infront and behind the camera,and it couldn't have been achieved without him. As mention, if the filmwas a chain, the weakest link would still be over 90% strong.9.5/10