Everyone knows that Marvel movies are well produced, the company thatwas founded by Stan Lee already skidded in the past, but currently morehits than misses. Unfortunately your failure in the past was to havesold the copyright to some of his heroes to other producers, thattactic was used not to break in a time of crisis of movie heroes. Withthe explosion of movies from Spider-man (2002) the company carried onand went back to producing movies of their heroes. The first Thor moviewas released in 2011, and it was a great movie. I recall the successthis film has done at the time. but the second film Thor the dark world(2013) are no longer managed to be so good. Film has multiple errors inthe narrative and it was very confusing, and had no villain.Thor Ragnarok begins two years after the Avengers (2012). Thor is thedefending world and still does not know that your brother seized theThrone from his father in the second movie. Upon returning to Asgarddiscovers that your brother is leading and that your father is missing.With this he begins a long journey in search of your father along withLoki. On the way ends up having a hand of Dr. strange "scene that ispost movie credit Dr. strange". Thor just knowing that Asgard is indanger and that Cate Blanchett (Hela) is on his way to kill everyone.He ends up finding the Hulk on the way back to Asgard in search ofresume peace and order.Thor Ragnarok managed to bring the essence of Marvel after a few years.Film is very well written, has amazing graphics and impresses in thenarrative. Hulk works great the hero is in your best shape andperformance since the Avengers (2012), who had an excellent performanceand left the film even more complete. Cate Blanchett (Hela) has animpeccable performance to me she was a great villain of the Marvelmovies, your character really scary. The film is full of action with aquality humor without being forced. Chris Hemsworth (Thor) and TomHiddleston (Loki) still has a great chemistry on screen that has beencreating over the time together really work well and makes the storyeven more fluid. Marvel hit movie and managed to overcome other greatlong as, Avengers (2012) and Civil War (2016).The third film of Thor is the best Marvel movie ever made! Time for funis guaranteed. A tip ... have two movie scenes post credits not lose.