Yes that's right, this film is even more disappointing than theabomination that was "Cars 2". There are some truly atrocious creativechoices made towards the end of the film which I will discuss in amoment. Let me first point out, however, that there is some good inthis film. The first act does an alright job of setting up the stakesand character arcs. We are introduced to the new characters and itmoves a long at a pretty fast pace. The second act, though a bitmeandering and slow, explores Lightning McQueen's relationship with DocHudson. It was easily the most poignant part of the film and gave goodclosure to Doc's character, something "Cars 2" failed at altogether.Additionally, the animation is absolutely sublime and Randy Newman'sscore beautifully echoes that of the first movie. Where the filmcompletely and utterly fails is the third act. Spoilers follow. Thebiggest issue with this film is Cruz Ramirez. She weighed down themovie in the first and second acts, and in the third act, rendersLightning useless. The film sets up an underdog story with Lightning'scrash and subsequent recovery but never delivers this. Instead,Lightning gives up in the middle of the final race in Florida andpasses the torch onto Cruz who, despite this being her first race andher only training for two weeks, magically wins. Lightning, the belovedracer from the first film, is completely cast aside for the annoying,moronic, and horrible Cruz. It's PC-pandering at its worst. Cruz is acomplete Mary-Sue. She didn't have a shred of likability in the firsttwo acts, but I could tolerate her because it was still Lightning'sstory. The third act feels like it was written by new-age feminists whocompletely miss the point of the "Cars" movies and don't at allunderstand the concept of a narrative character arc. What is mostdevastating is the fact that we never got to see Lightning rise upthrough the ranks, beat Jackson Storm, and finally become the fabulousracer we know he is. We never got to see Lightning WIN. The film leavesyou totally deflated and empty; flustered and angry that Pixar, astudio that has proved again and again its deftness at storytelling andfilmmaking craft, has fallen to the collectivist propaganda that isplaguing some films lately. If you were a fan of the first "Cars" film,a fan of Lightning McQueen or even a fan of great movies in general,please PLEASE avoid this one. You will only be let down like I was. Irepeat, DON'T WATCH IT.