Lightning McQueen, now a seven-time Piston Cup racing legend, findshimself overshadowed by Jackson Storm, an arrogant rookie who belongsto a new generation of racers that use the latest technology to improvetheir racing performance. This causes McQueen's fellow veterans toeither be retired or fired by their sponsors to make way for the newrookies. In the final race of the season, as he tries to catch up toStorm and the other leaders, McQueen suffers a violent, nearly fatalrollover crash, leaving him badly injured.Four months later, while recovering in Radiator Springs, McQueenisolates himself from his friends, and spends his time watching footageof his late mentor, Doc Hudson. Confronted by his girlfriend, SallyCarrera, McQueen fears being forced into retirement as Doc was. Rustyand Dusty, the owners of McQueen's Rust-ESE racing team, send him to anew state-of-the-art racing center, much to his surprise. When hearrives, he learns that they have sold Rust-ESE to a new owner,Sterling, who assigns him to work with trainer Cruz Ramirez. McQueeneventually becomes impatient and annoyed with Cruz's methods, andattempts to use a high-tech racing simulator, only to cause severedamage to the equipment.Convinced that McQueen is no longer capable of winning, Sterling isready to take him off the racing circuit, and use him for productendorsements. McQueen offers a deal instead ? if McQueen wins the firstrace of the upcoming season in Florida, he can decide when he retires;otherwise, he will retire immediately. Sterling accepts the deal, butassigns Cruz to work with him one-on-one. Instead of improving his owntop speed, McQueen spends most of the day helping Cruz get used toracing on the sandy coastline outside of the training center. Forinspiration, they travel to a dirt track on which Doc raced, butinadvertently end up competing in a demolition derby, which Cruzultimately wins. Distraught at the apparent waste of training time,McQueen rages at Cruz and, in the process, accidentally breaks hertrophy. Upset, Cruz reveals that she had wanted to race professionallyjust like McQueen all her life, but never started a race, because shefelt outclassed. She resigns as McQueen's trainer, and starts back tothe training center.Learning that Storm has set a new lap record, McQueen calls his bestfriend, Mater, for advice. Mater suggests that he should track downDoc's mentor, Smokey. McQueen catches up to Cruz and convinces her tocome along, and the two travel to Doc's hometown of Thomasville,Georgia, where they meet Smokey and several of Doc's old friends.Smokey reveals that even though Doc never raced again after his crash,he found a new happiness in training McQueen. After Lightning McQueenaccepts that he will never be as fast as Storm, Smokey and his friendsteach McQueen and Cruz how to drive smarter than Storm, with Cruzserving as a sparring partner for Lightning. However, during a finalpractice race, Cruz suddenly overtakes McQueen and he has a flashbackto his crash, shaking his confidence.At the race in Florida, McQueen is encouraged by Smokey and hisfriends, and gradually pushes up through the ranks. Still convincedMcQueen cannot win, Sterling spots Cruz in the pits, and orders her toreturn to the racing cent re to begin prepping another racer for thefollowing week's event, despite her wanting to stay and watch the race.McQueen overhears the exchange and remembers that Cruz had wanted torace because of him. He decides that Cruz is the answer to beatingStorm. Entering the pits, McQueen has his pit crew outfit Cruz forracing, complete with his racing number, giving her the chance tofinally race. Cruz uses McQueen's coaching and Smokey's advice to catchthe leaders. Feeling threatened, Storm tries to intimidate Cruz, evenpinning her to the wall during the final lap of the race. Instead, Cruzuses the wall to vault over Storm and take first place. She and McQueenare both credited with the victory since they both raced with thewinning number. Cruz quits her job with Sterling and accepts an offerfrom Tex Dinoco for his Dinoco racing team.Later, at an exhibition race in Radiator Springs, McQueen and Cruzreveal they have adopted Doc's old racing colors and number,respectively, to honor his memory. Tex Dinoco informs the group that hehas bought Rust-ESE from Sterling, and McQueen decides to continueracing and train Cruz as well.In a post-credits scene, Mater, at his junkyard, tries to answer a callfrom his phone. But, he knocks his reception antenna and his phone goesdead, much to his dismay. Give The Bad Reviews To Big Hero 6!