Who said that? I didn't. Emma Watson (Yes, Belle of the Beast of 2017)did. Don't believe me? Check out her quotes section on this site. Ifyou catch my drift, you will know. And no, I have not seen that film,and most of the Harry Potter films that she starred in. And no, I don'tknow a lot about what she does, only bits and pieces of good things Ihave heard of.Okay. Now that I have just done a quick read of the junior novelizationof the film and finished it, I can safely write out my experiencesabout this film. But, as I say to TV, you start at the beginning ordon't tell me at all because I am putting down money for this and myreserves are limited and I won't accept internet freebie watching. True to this, I do remember seeing EVERY Cars film on the big screen ina big room. Of course, this one included. I'd add, I was someoneinterested in automobiles and racing, IN THE PAST. So yeah, I have alittle knowledge about race tech. Watched the famous 24 Hours of LeMans (24 hrs non stop, go the distance race) once on the internetcoverage, never again. So I went into Cars 3 with a little memory ofthis past. Did not see much of the tech displayed here, but what gives?This is a kid's picture.Also, I did remember wanting to see more of Cars 2 characters. Yeah,that wasn't there. Therefore for those looking for that, I'm sorry,it's not here. But what is here, is something more. So it doesn'tmatter. Even if there ain't, I wouldn't have complained. And I am notcomplaining now."He is facing his biggest rival," that is how the film's tagline go.And my only companion of words before I walked in to the theater. Movealong now, let's go! And then, suddenly, the plot takes a sudden turnwith a screech of tires. That moves into something that captures thementor and protégé bond very well. And that is, indeed, the biggestgift that the film have given me. Don't get me wrong, I'm a 19 year oldTV and film student, also enthusiast, who is also a casual movie goer.Course, don't expect me to mention the names of the characters of thefilm, because if you have seen it (1,2 and 3), you would know. And ifyou have see this, you'd understand. But do you see something that themajority either turned a blind eye towards or refused to care? Becausefor some strange reason this film really got under my skin.And, yeah. Reading the text adapted from the film, as I mentionedabove, I felt a surge of motivation I have felt from the film. Hell, Icouldn't even find this feeling from almost all of the moments I spentin secondary school, or university where I am still in my first year'ssecond semester. That mentor and student bond I saw in this film, was aelectrifying jolt of inspiration and motivation to me. And I couldn'tthrow it away. I just couldn't, it's too "rare".Franchise (I noticed) or not, I don't care. In this era filled withconsumerism (Don't tell me that, Fight Club. I know you fight in aclub, I don't do that. Thanks anyway.), you will see me turn down manyoffers to buy stuff. But Cars 3. Oh, be ready. When you arrive ondigital format, I'll see to it that you join my collection of alllicensed DVDs. Thanks for your motivation, I'll remember to use thatfor as long as I can in this life.What? Don't believe me? If you have seen it, look closer (AmericanBeauty). If you have not seen it, consider.Something there? You better believe it.