Let's be perfectly frank here. Pixar is one of those companies that isknown for making high quality children's film. "WALL-E", "TheIncredibles", "Up", the Toy Story trilogy are all classics made by thisstudio. Cars is easily their least loved franchise. Yet it is thesecond franchise to get a full trilogy. So, why does Pixar spend timeand energy producing these films that have little to no artistic merit.The answer is to sell toys. The Cars franchise has no reason to existother than to sell the dozens of toy cars that are created with eachmovie's release.So, now that we've established that Cars is nothing more than Pixarselling out, does that mean the movies necessarily suck? Star Wars andthe Marvel Cinematic Universe are beloved franchises and both veryclearly sold out. So selling out doesn't automatically equate to bad.The question perhaps should be, why isn't the Cars franchise as belovedas Star Wars or the MCU or even almost every other Pixar movie? Thatanswer is nuanced. Well, it's more nuanced with Cars 1 and 3. Cars 2does just flat out suck.The original "Cars" was a very traditional fish-out-of-water movie thatis almost a beat-for-beat remake of "Doc Hollywood". Perhaps Pixar wasgambling that people wouldn't remember a middling Michael J Fox moviefrom the early 90s? "Cars 2" was a mistaken identity spy comedyprobably drawing on films like "The Man Who Knew Too Little" and 1967's"Casino Royale". And Cars 3 is essentially the first half of "RockyIII" attached to the end of "Creed". This is almost certainly why theCars franchise is nothing special. Essentially, it just lift ideas fromother movies and replaces the human characters with cars and somehowexpects that will be enough to thrill people. It doesn't.Also, Mater is without a doubt the worst and perhaps one of the mostunfunny comedic relief characters ever created. Thankfully, his role isreduced this time around, but not nearly enough for my taste.That's not to say these movies are completely awful (except Cars 2).Cars 3 actually has a very strong first act and a third act that issolid enough. Unfortunately, the second act slowly gets more and moreboring until it jumps back to life at the end. Both Cars and Cars 3have a lot of charm and many young children will enjoy these movies forwhat they are. However, as long as they continue to never ever bringanything new to the table they will never be as good some of the bestPixar has to offer.