The Good:- The graphics looked absolutely amazing. Best animation visuals I'veever seen. That's about it...The Bad:- The trailer for the movie was *completely* misleading.- Doc hudson died without any explanation. Cars that trained him (older ) are still alive which makes you think something unexpected mustof happened? I'm guessing this is because of the voice actor passingaway, but some kind of explanation would of been nice.- A lot of bad messages for kids. Aging is something to be made fun of( excessively in the movie ). Once you're older there's no way you canpossibly win. If you're not winning at something, give up andcircumvent the rules so you can basically cheat to win ( because that'sall that matters ). If someone says you can't do something ( Cruz notable to be a racer ) stop trying completely and wait until you're grownand someone comes along and fixes the situation for you.- The interactions between 'Mater and Lighting were the highlight ofCars 1. Funny jokes, fun times, laughing and friends. Mater and most ofRadiator Springs were left out of this one. The movie was very seriousand the jokes that were said were untasteful ( mostly about his age ).I'm not sure I even laughed once during the movie.- The level of propaganda was impossible to look past. Cars 2, andespecially Cars 1 cultivated a following of mostly young boys that areinto cars/racing/trucks etc. They wait until Cars 3 to turn the entirefranchise into a story about equal opportunity and equality. The mainreporter in the movie is suddenly female, the famous demolition derbystar is female, and the new hero/racer of the Cars franchise is female.She has no experience as a racer, drives on the beach once ( neverpractices once on asphalt ) and then goes to win the race with JacksonStorm who has set all kinds of new records? After she wins the race thecamera cuts to every one of the female characters going "whooo". Idon't understand why a kids movie has to push politics and ideology.IT'S A KIDS MOVIE. Also, I can't see my 4 nieces hanging up theirFrozen outfits to get some Cruz toys.All in all it left a really bad taste in my mouth not only about Carsbut Pixar/Disney as a whole. Are there going to be any more innocentkids movies with humor for the adults as well, or just neutered storiesfor the sake of PC.