Am a big Pixar fan, feature films and short films. As far as featurefilms go, the 'Toy Story' franchise, 'Inside Out', 'Up' and 'Wall-E'were particularly fantastic, while 'Presto', 'One Man Band', 'Geri'sGame' and 'Piper' were particularly great short films.The 'Cars' films are often considered lesser Pixar efforts, for reasonsthat are understandable. To me they are towards the bottom as well,though the first 'Cars' film was still very enjoyable if not perfectand while the second film had a lot of problems to me it wasn't thatawful. Seeing 'Cars 3' during my four day hiatus from IMDb (but had notyet gotten round to reviewing), from personal opinion it wasunderwhelming and the short film that came with it, 'Lou', came overmuch better.Some will disagree, others will agree, but 'Cars 3' (expectingpitchforks and stones to be thrown, because some will consider this ablasphemous statement to make) for me was the worst of the three andreplaces 'The Good Dinosaur' (which still wasn't too bad a film) asPixar's weakest.'Cars 3' does have its strengths. The animation is fantastic, it's richin colour, gorgeously designed and the attention to detail isincredible. The racing scenes are mini-masterpieces of editing as to beexpected.There is also an energetic and nostalgic music score, a few of thejokes are funny and the voice acting is uniformly great, CristelaAlonzo taking top honours. A few neat little touches, like thedashboard as well.For all those good things, a lot didn't work. Too many of the jokesbackfire, due to too much of a recycled feel and very tired timing. Themore emotional parts to me lacked heart and soul (though there are acouple of parts that did), so it never came over as poignant (comingfrom someone who cried like a baby during the emotional moments of 'ToyStory 3', 'Inside Out', 'Up' and 'Wall-E').While there is a story and it is not as cluttered or as confused as thesecond, it does plod along too much, with a very sedate middle actbefore coming to life at the end (the climax is good and has someexcitement), and seemed too thin for the running time, which it triedto hide with padding, some of which added little.Didn't get emotionally invested in the characters, and, even with theintentionally flawed ones, never learnt enough about them and foundsome difficult to like. Cruz had real potential but felt underdevelopedto me, although she did bring a little heart to a film that lacked itelsewhere. Meanwhile Lightning never really grew as a character andMater, while with less screen time than before, is a bit annoying.Overall, disappointing film that never really kicked into gear and asign of the franchise running out of gas. 4/10 Bethany Cox