There has been a spate of films lately that chronicle disastrous eventswithin recent memory (i.e. post 2010). Such movies include "Patriot'sDay," "Deepwater Horizon," "The 33," "13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers OfBenghazi" and "Lone Survivor," among others. In fact, "Battle Of the Sexes," based on an exhibition tennis matchbetween Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs in 1973, seems almostprehistoric by comparison. And while this Joseph Kosinski (2015's"Oblivion")-directed vehicle is deliberately-paced and fairlyformulaic, the script (by Ken "Black Hawk Down" Nolan and Eric WarrenSinger, "American Hustle") is based on a book ("No Exit") by SeanFlynn, and is nevertheless quite affecting and the story stays true tothe events which led up to the fatal fire which took the lives of manyof the Granite Mountain Hotshots (no real spoiler alerts needed, justGoogle it) in 2013. Of course, with all such large cast films, little character developmentis offered, except for the group's supervisor, Eric Marsh (Josh Brolin,"Hail, Caesar!")and outcast firefighter, Brendan McDonough (MilesTeller, "Bleed For This"), as the fledgling Hot Shots struggle to becertified and therefore become a legitimate organization. This takesnothing away from the rest of the ensemble, but there is only room forso much narrative. A few other supporting characters appear, including the fire chiefDuane Steinbrink ("Kingsman: The Golden Circle," Golden Globe winnerfor "Crazy Heart") and Marsh's spunky wife, Amanda (Jennifer Connelly,"American Pastoral," GG winner for "A Beautiful Mind"), but it's Brolinand ? especially ? Teller who steal the movie. McDonough, nicknamed"Donut" by the rest of the firefighters, is a drug addict, hustler andjust plain loser who somehow impregnates a casual girlfriend, Natalie(Natalie Hall, "Shades Of Blue" TV series).Basically, he was just another Southern California skater kid who ranwith the wrong crowd, skipped school and smoked marijuana. Not allowedto see the baby, he is (finally) determined to straighten his life out.Since he has some emergency medical (EMT) experience, he applies at thePrescott Wildland Firefighters to save his soul and himself. Seeing apossible soulmate, Marsh gives him a chance when no one else would. Ofcourse, like any fish out of the water production (or any World War IIpicture from "From Here To Eternity" to "Hacksaw Ridge"), Donut ishazed and harassed and almost drops out, but manages to stay the coursewhile the gang awaits certification. After all of that, however, Donut got straight, got fit and after arocky start with the crew, was fully accepted as a member of the teamas they traveled from Colorado to Idaho fighting fires. In thewilderness and on the job, they pulled pranks and put on skits toentertain themselves. We the audience get to see a few of these scenes,but soon its the conflagrations that take center stage.Meanwhile, we're in Arizona where the average summer temperature seemsto be in the high 100s and wildfires are breaking out all over. Here,the cinematography of Claudio Miranda ("Tomorrowland," "Life Of Pi")takes over, with wide screen shots of the blazes licking and scorchingeverything in sight as well as tight shots of sweat and soot- trackedfaces. Not since Mikael Salomon lovingly photographed Ron Howard's"Backdraft" has there been a more respectful filming of firethroughout. The results are both beautiful and terrifying. After a year of workingto improve their hot shot status, the Granite Mountain boys are calledto struggle against the wind-driven Yarnell Hill Fire on June 28. Alightning storm ignited in the high desert northwest of Phoenix. Twodays later, the brush fire that covered a few hundred acres explodedacross 13 square miles and chaos ensued. The fire wasn't contained,radio problems hampered crew communications and the smoke was too thickto see clearly. The blaze the turned on the 19 men (Donut was ordered to be a lookoutand barely escaped with his life) forcing them to duck and cover undersupposedly safe thermo blankets, which offered no help in the end.McDonough's book, "Lost Brothers," makes no new revelations about whyhis friends didn't make it out alive. Without passing judgment, he saysthey acted on the best information they had at the time. He doesn'tknow why the crew took the path that led them down from safety atop ablackened ridge and into a trap they would not walk away from at thefront of the wind-swept inferno. The movie ends with a heart-tugging scene in which Donut arrives at ajunior high school where families of the deceased are gathered. Allthey know is that one survived, but they did not know who. Donut'sarrival confirmed the worst news possible. McDonough suffered a severecase of survivor's guilt, but now does what he can to honor those whomade the ultimate sacrifice for their fellow man. The men who died,included Marsh, 43, Andrew Ashcraft, 29; Robert Caldwell, 23; TravisCarter, 31; Dustin Deford, 24; Christopher MacKenzie, 30; Grant McKee,21; Sean Misner, 26; Scott Norris, 28; Wade Parker, 22; John Percin,24; Anthony Rose, 23; Jesse Steed, 36; Joe Thurston, 32; TravisTurbyfill, 27; William Warneke, 25; Clayton Whitted, 28; Kevin Woyjeck,21; and Garret Zuppiger, 27. Kosinski then brings the waterworks flowing by showing pictures of theactual men who were lost in the tragedy next to the actors who playedthem. Those who do not feel the impact of this conclusion probablynever had a soul in the first place. Bare bones direction andfilmmaking, but a deeply emotional experience nonetheless.