I saw the trailer and really wanted to like this movie. Who hasn't putsome cool music on, put their ear pods in, and pretended their life wasa couple times cooler than it really was?But after about 10 minutes of watching, I felt nauseous at the thoughtof how something with so much potential, with such good intentions,managed to screw it up so royally?The music part was a good idea - but at times it felt like it waswashing out the plot and emotional connection to the action happeningon screen. Like if the music wasn't there, I would just be looking atactors blinking at each other.Then the fact that every baddie (the character's co-workers in themovie) seems an already over-done clichéd archetype. The sleazy couplewe're boring to watch, Jamie Foxx just seemed pointless andaggravating, and the others were annoying.The main guy (Ansel Elgort's character) seemed determined to take asmuch acting clues from Hayden Christensen's Anakin Skywalker. He spentmost of the movie pouting and smirking which didn't help or damageanything. It just seemed like he was in the wrong movie - like we wereaccidentally looking at someone go about their day who's just waitingfor their laundry to be done or something. He seemed like a nice guy,but kind of came across as an idiot.Then onto his relationship with the girl. The guy literally sees somechick twice, exchanges a couple of minutes of conversation. Then he'sshooting people for her, they're running away together, and sheapparently has no problem taking part in car chases and attempting tokill people. The girl doesn't have enough lines to show any personalitywhatsoever and there is no sense-able connection between the characters- none. Not to mention the fact that after this 3-or-so day romance (atthe climax of which) the dumb-ass lead goes to jail for a couple ofyears, during these years the girl apparently has no life of her ownand is sat there waiting for him with open arms like it was justyesterday. Because...love?The least aggravating character in the whole movie was the old man hewas looking after and even that seemed like it was somehow overdone,though I'd never seen it before.Lastly, the guy's name is Baby. And boy, do they go on about it likethey'd just discovered gravity. The young couple's longest conversationcenters around the girl not being able to wrap her effing brain aroundthe fact that the guy is called Baby - not because it's a really stupidname, no, apparently it's the best thing since tinned tuna. Becausethey're both music buffs and now they can ride around and listen tosongs about Baby. (This was the point at which I pretty much wanted toclaw my ears off.)I really don't get it - how does this movie have a 8.3 rating? Am I inthe wrong and missing something that's glaring everyone else in theface? I feel like it would not have been impossibly difficult to fixthese faults and make a really good movie with this base - it feelslike the final cut of Medellin in Entourage that the director refusesto change. Maybe I'm a cynic, but this movie blows.That said - there were things that I liked. The pace was good, themodern-yet-vintage timeless feeling of the setting and generallyanonymity of the setting that focused only on the story, the othercharacters besides the main guy (who would have done so much betterwith some better material), the diner motif, even the conversationwasn't completely terrible 100% of the time.