Someone else also used this summary and gave a glowing positive reviewso it just goes to show that two people can see the same movie andexperience completely different emotions. Having read several pages ofIMDb reviews I can see that I am in a massive minority of those whohave posted .But as with everything in life.. that doesn't make themajority right and the minority wrong ....I mean look at Trump ...ohsorry he lost the popular vote as well so even the "majority " waswrong ... Anyway this movie is complete drivel and one of the worst ofthe last decade . I deeply resent the waste of expenditure on two movietickets and the two hours torn from my life . The script must have beenless than 4 pages of A4 if the directions were left out as there wasalmost no communication worthy of the name and no subtlety in characterdevelopment whatsoever . The "plot" is ludicrous so that would be OK ifit was supposed to be a farce or a fantasy but I fear it was intendedto be neither of those two genres . And of course I should haveanticipated that to be the case in view of the Director's puerileprevious work .I somehow thought he might have grown up . Towards theend a car containing one of the villains Buddy , John Hamm ,who hasalready been shot, is pushed through a barrier in a multistorey carpark and falls at least 4 stories to the ground outside landing on itsroof .Less than a minute later Buddy ..completely uninjured by thiscatastrophic incident ..has emerged from the car and somehow regainedthe fourth floor to attack the sort of hero "Baby" . So I suppose I amthe idiot for believing that excitement ,thrills ,tension needs someelement of credibility. With literally dozens slaughtered by gunshotand farcical car stunt chases ...yawn yawn ..oh surely the movie goercannot get a thrill from such action...?..seen it all before a hundredtimes ..boring boring . The only remaining content of the movie was themusic : good but anyone can phone up to license the use of thecreativity and skill of real artists so it doesn't exactly count assome sort of creative worth and a nice performance from Ansel Elgort asBaby. Every other major actor played an "I am only doing this for themoney" wooden caricature .If you are assessing this movie before goingplease don't waste your money and time .