"Baby Driver" is showy, cliché-ridden and irritatingly self-aware. It'slike that yappy drama society kid at college who is so consciouslytrying to act cool by breaking into song, dancing around chairs,drumming on desks and spitting jokey one-liners with a hand pistolflourish....the kind of person a cynical SOB like me just wants topunch in the throat.The central premise is about a young, good-at-heart kid forced into alife of crime in order to pay off a debt. The annoyingly slick,Abercrombie-faced "Baby" is not only the fastest getaway driver inAtlanta, we later find out he's also a self-taught music producer,dancer and talented free-runner...are you rolling your eyes yet?The main mechanic, so lauded by critics, is that everything in the filmrevolves around music, from the editing to the dialogue. Since Baby isconstantly plugged into his i-pod (so, we are told, to drown outtinnitus from a car accident which killed his parents), the filmessentially plays like one giant music video, with nearly everygunshot, tire screech and sassy put down edited meticulously with thebeats or riffs of whatever track is playing during the sequence.Unfortunately for me, the songs didn't make what was happening onscreen that much more interesting. While there are some splendid carchase sequences (too few in my book), one must endure cringey momentsof Baby miming and dancing to James Brown, dull characters waxingpoetic about song lyrics and saying cliché bull$hit like "Sometimes allI want to do is head west on the 20 in a car I can't afford with a planI don't have". Everyone in the film is pretty, none of the gangstersreally look like gangsters, least of all the Latina 'Darling', whocan't even hold a gun convincingly and is just there to show cleavageand lick her lips at camera. Imagine the most indulgent ideas from Guy Ritchie and Tarantino's trashbin channeled through a Justin Bieber video. Less style and even lesssubstance. There are no doubt people who will love it for being a showy piece ofnonsense, and there is some entertaining, high impact action, but it'sfar from the genius some critics are praising it as. I saw it with agroup of youngish people who all agreed it wasn't as good as they'dhoped and that some bits were just plain daft.Leave your brain at home and perhaps you'll be rewarded...