(RATING: ???? out of 5 ) GRADE: B THIS FILM IS RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: A fast and furious heist film with jaw-dropping car stuntsthat takes the moviegoer on a wild ride, as long as one can accepts itsmany leaps of logic.SYNOPSIS: After finding true love, a getaway driver wants to leave theworld of crime.JIM'S REVIEW: Baby (Ansel Elgort) is a loner who likes high speedaction. He loves the fast and furious high octane lifestyle. Give him acar and he can move from zero to 120 like no one else can. Which makeshim the perfect getaway driver and gives him a passport into theprofitable world of crime. Injured in a car accident as a child that left him parent-less and witha permanent case of tinnitus (a constant ringing in his ears), Babydrowns out the real world with classic rock music as his livesoundtrack. This also helps him concentrate better on his uniquedriving skills. Of course, he eventually meets Debora (Lily James), acute waitress who steals Baby's heart while he steals other items.Now they say, crime doesn't pay, although Baby is making akilling...that is until Baby wants out of the crime game. Doc, crimeczar and all-around bad guy, played with over-the-top menace by KevinSpacey, won't hear it. Hence, the basic conflict.Edgar Wright wrote and directed this action heist thriller and he takeshis simple (very simple) story, fills each frame with exciting stuntwork, and creates memorable offbeat characters. Baby's bank robbingcohorts are a colorful motley crew. They include Jamie Foxx (JamieFoxx), Griff (Jon Bernthal), Eddie No-Nose (Flea), JD (Lanny Joon), andBuddy (Jon Hamm), and his darling, Darling (Eiza Gonzalez). All of thecast know that the story is preposterous but they play their roles withhigh energy, rapturous glee, and a knowing satirical wink to theaudience. (Especially fine are Mr. Hamm and Ms. Gonzalez as a crazedmodern day Bonnie and Clyde.) Yes, the plot is silly and devoid of anyreal depth or logic, especially as it accelerates to its tidy littleupbeat ending, but it is lots of fun.Baby Driver is all action too, more like a demolition derby withmultiple chase scenes than a serious movie about crime and punishment.It's Reservoir Dogs with the sardonic humor and without the excessivebloodbath or wit. Call it Grand Theft with Auto, set to music. Skillfulas it may be, the film still seems like an endless series of musicvideos looped together to form a movie. All the action moves with astrong syncopated beat, highly choreographed for our enjoyment. It'sfull throttle escapism. The first movie musical about cars.Baby Driver presents a major case of style over substance and stylemostly wins out. Kudos to the excellent taut editing by Paul Machlissand Jonathan Amos and Bill Pope's electric hued photography that givesthe film its unique look. Mr. Wright stages and choreographs his actionsequences with an edgy disregard for realism. He also keeps hischaracters from being lost in all the maelstrom of revved engines andmotor mayhem by developing individuals with distinct personalities andlasting traits. (Loved the his and hers neck tattoos.) All remains suspenseful and riveting, that is, until the film takes asharp detour in its third act, veering hopelessly into typical chaseand crash mode. Some of its characters start to act out of character,acting more like mere plot devices set in motion to tidy up all theloose ends. In fact, the movie never explains how characters know thewhereabouts of others in order to seek revenge and one character's"change of heart" makes little sense and actually weakens thestory-line. Too many leaps of logic.Still, fasten your safety belts and move over, Quentin! Edgar Wright'swell made film is for adrenaline junkies everywhere; serious film-goersmay enjoy it too, as long as they slip their minds into neutral. With aplot that defies logic and having enough potholes to do major damage toone's faculties, Baby Driver is a joyride.