"Only the Brave" (2017 release; 133 min.) brings the story if theGranite Mountain Hot Shots fire squad. As the movie opens, "Based onTrue Events" we are reminded, we get to know Eric Marsh and his gang,as they are trying to get certified as Hot Shots, allowing them tocombat wild fires in the front line. We also get to know Brendan, adoped-out loser whose girlfriend just got pregnant. Realizing he needsto turn his life around, Brendan applies to join the fire squad and forreasons unknown until much later in the movie, Eric decides to giveBrendan a shot. In a parallel story, we also get to know Eric;s wifeAmanda, a horse whisperer. But not all is well in their marriage... Atthis point we are 15 min. into the movie but to tell you more of theplot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see foryourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest movie from up-and-comingdirector Joseph Kosinski, who previously directed "Ton: Legacy" and"Oblivion". In his latest, he steers away from sci-fi and insteadbrings us the incredible story of the Prescott, AZ wild fire squad,nicknamed the Granite Mountain Hot Shots. I expected a disaster movie,and there is certainly that too, but the movie does much more thanthat: it brings the story of a group of people in a way that you arecompletely emotionally invested in those people, and you CARE. Kosinskidirects an all-star cast, headed by Josh Brolin as Eric. Is it just me,but Brolin only seems to get better as he is getting older. That guy isjust solid and authentic. Miles Teller plays the role of Brendan, anunlikable character at first. Jennifer Connelly is outstanding asEric's wife Amanda. Taylor Kitsch is one of the guys in the fire squad.In much smaller roles, Jeff Bridges is Duane (Eric's superior), and theageless Andie MacDowell plays Duane's wife. The movie's photography iseye-candy, and the wild fire scenes, which I imagine are mostly CGI,look very real to me. Last but not least, there is a very nice musicalscore, courtesy of composer Joseph Trapanese (who has worked withKosinski before)."Only the Brave" opened wide this weekend, and I was really lookingforward to seeing it. The Friday evening screening where I saw this athere in Cincinnati was attended only so-so (less than half a fairlysmall theater), somewhat to my surprise, given the stellar criticalacclaim this movie has been getting. I can only speak for myself, but Ifound this to be an outstanding wild fire disaster movie that packs anemotional wallop I didn't expect. I encourage you to check out "Onlythe Brave", be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray,and draw your own conclusion.