(Originally posted from confessionsofasavagemind.blogspot.com)The summer blockbuster season has become somewhat of a bore for me. Themajor films released this summer have been generic, bland, andunexciting as they can be. To prove my point, the fifth Transformersfilm was just released to audiences' and critics' dismay everywhere.During the summer, I rarely even find myself at the theater due to thelittle variety of choice and depth of whatever hundred million dollartentpole film is currently plaguing every theater around me. I had evenstopped watching movies almost entirely due to this fatigue. I am happyto say that Baby Driver is the film that rejuvenated my love formovies.Preemptively, I will tell you that I will give you no plot descriptionof the film. I knew next to nothing about the film besides the fact itwas a heist film. I highly recommend going into the theater with ablind eye to reading or looking up anything about the film besides theshowtimes. (Yes, that means no trailers too!) I cannot possiblydescribe this film. Yes, it is a basic crime and heist film. However,it breaks so many genre conventions that it is unacceptable todisrespectful tot he film to refine it to one genre. The bestcomparison I could give is if Heat, Bonnie and Clyde, An American inParis, Reservoir Dogs, and Drive had a cinematic orgy and produced thischild. The film is so fast-paced that you can hardly breathe. Thesuspension of disbelief, or how much you actually believe the storythat is taking place on the screen, is flawless within the film. I cameinto the theater with about a million and a half different thoughtsrunning through my head, and every one of them was silenced when thelights were dimmed. In all of the quick action on the screen, the filmmakes time for a real heart and story in its pseudo-musical style. Thisis executed by some of the sharpest and effortless editing andcinematography that this film critic has ever seen.The casting in Baby Driver was absolutely divine. I cannot think of onecharacter or actor who was misplaced or a weak link within the film.Writer-Director Edgar Wright delivers the sharpest dialogue and storyof his illustrious career. That is saying something incredibly largecoming from the director of Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, Scott Pilgrimvs. the World, and The World's End. Wright cements himself as one ofthe best minds in cinema. I mourn for his version of Ant-Man thatMarvel canned after the studio would not allow him the creative controlhe was used to. Wright has been working on Baby Driver as an entireproject since 1995, aka the entirety of my life. To see hisuncompromised vision come to the screen as a real joy. It is also areal message to producers to stay the hell out of visionary directors'way (I'm looking at you, Disney) Edgar Wright can not only direct anygenre but spawn entirely new ones as he does with this movie.There are very rare occasions where a film can take me from cinematicnihilism to enjoying the true art that goes into these incrediblepictures. I haven't felt a true joy from a film till the two or threetimes I saw La La Land. There are absolutely no faults with this film.It wins not only a perfect score from me but the (tenative) rank of thebest film of the year.Score: (10/10)