Went into this film with an open mind because the trailers lookedpromising and the cast was excellent. Edgar Wright has never been adirector that I've personally held in high regard, that is not to saythat any of his films are bad, its just there solid and enjoyable filmsnothing to rave about a lot. Now Im personally quite conflicted in my opinion of this film because Iwant to like it a lot, there is a lot to like in this film, howeverthere are big aspects of it that just don't work for me personally. Theproblems I have however probably don't have an impact on anyone else'sexperience watching this film. Lets start with the positives of the film, Firstly Edgar Wright and hisdirecting and style. This film is beautifully shot every frame in thefilm is a joy to watch, complimented brilliantly with the fantasticediting of the film. I can't remember watching a film that has been sobrilliantly and elegantly edited, it elevates scenes perfectlyespecially in the fast paced car actions. Wright has pulled out all thestops with this film in terms of his directing there is clear sense ofpurpose for every shot and movement the camera makes thought out thefilm. His directing and editing in this film is something to bemarvelled at and applauded. The cast of the film, as mentioned earlier, was one of the main reasonsfor watching the film in the first place. Everyone in the film gives agood performance with what their given, more about the screenplaylater, and majority of them seem to have great chemistry together.Ansel Elgort steps up and gives a good, solid main performance of thefilm, which I was slightly nervous about however he proved me wrong andwas great. Lily James also made me little nervous about her casting inthis film but once again she proved me wrong and was a good addition tothe cast, even though her role was not as big as I though it would havebeen. As for the rest of the cast legends like Kevin Spacey, Jamie Foxxand John Hamm are all great but you would expect that from them. The final positive of the film for me is the action which is doneperfectly and is stunning to watch, however it must have been anightmare to put together. All the car chases in the film andespecially the opening of the film are heart pounding and a edge ofyour seat ride to watch, they are never a dull moment. The actioncoupled together with Wright's directing and editing style is a matchmade in heaven, pure brilliance. Now lets turn our attention to the negatives of the film, firstly thesoundtrack to the film. At the first and especially in the openingscene the soundtrack works brilliantly and is joy to watch, however themore the film goes on the more stagnant, boring and annoying itbecomes. For me personally it becomes to repetitive of just onegreatest hit after another and another and another and so on......Itstarts to take me out of the film which is really annoying and can ruinsome scenes, it suffers from the same problem that Suicide Squad hadwhen it comes to soundtrack, dare I say it. The story and screenplay of the film, it is simple at its core howeverthe majority of the characters are given terrible dialogue to say. Thestory of a get-a-way driver is nothing new, there is nothing wrong withthat, and this film has a simple premise of bank jobs and such. Howeverthe stories and background stories to the characters is pathetic,majority of them including the main character Baby hardly have abackstory apart from the fact his parents are dead. The only characterwith any charisma , charm and wit throughout the film is Jamie Foxx'scharacter, which at best is a side character to the film. The story andthe journey of the film becomes really boring and dull because you asthe audience don't have a great bond with any of the "good" characters,because it is forced upon us. Talking of a force relationship the"romance" of the film is really poorly set up and after just one day,its like they've been together for years. Its really rushed and reallycliché and a poor attempt to make us, the audience care. All in all the core problems of the film, for me personally, havehindered me from enjoying it. Yes there are some great moments in thefilm and some really good technical accomplishments but however when afilm can't get the solid needs of a foundation for a story right thenthe rest of the film is trying to balance. I saw an interview recentlywith Edgar Wright saying that he designed the soundtrack to the film,before writing the script, and oh boy does it show, definitely not oneof his best written films to date. 60% out of 100 or 6 out of 10 a Goodfilm however is let down in certain areas, if your just looking for afilm to be entertained by great action and music then this is the filmfor you and that is fine, its just not for everyone a bit of adisappointment.