I'm not the biggest Edgar Wright fan but man, I saw the trailer forthis and I knew I had to see this as soon as I could. Everything aboutit seemed like a good time. I like the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy,each film is funny and solid. I absolutely loathed Scott Pilgrim vs TheWorld though and thought it was terrible. I was hoping for the bestWright ever made with Baby Driver and its pretty nice to say I think weare there with this film. I had pretty high hopes and have to say whilethe film isn't perfect and struggles a bit at the end its still asatisfying ride.The film follows a quiet but expert heist driver named Baby, and histoils in life which include finding love and the high risk/high rewardlifestyle he lives as a getaway driver. Baby is constantly listening tomusic on different iPods to drown out the sound of tinnitus hedeveloped during a traumatic childhood car accident which killed hisparents. I really loved the interactions between Baby (Elgort) andDebora (James). I loved Lily James in Cinderella but I love her evenmore as the innocent waitress in love here. Side note, but holy cow shereally looks like prime Shelly Johnson from Twin Peaks in this.I have to say Edgar Wright puts a wonderful spin on a heist film.Unlike his previous films, the film is really light on comedy and issolely action and style. Its great though. The car weaving scenes arevery fun to watch, action scenes edited quite well. As with previousbank heist films the action brings it either with the guns or thefrenetic car chases. I have yet to really like Ansel Elgort insomething, but this has to be the film that's going to make him a star.I love the characters in this film. Spacey works so well as the leadingmastermind behind the heists. Jon Hamm in a villainous role works justas well as Jamie Foxx as Bats. Eiza González is new to me but wow isshe such a gorgeous actress, I may actually take up the From Dusk TillDawn series now.The best touch in the creation of this film is the ever presentsoundtrack. Almost every part of the film is accompanied by Baby's iPodsong. Its fantastically eclectic and does well to keep pace with thefilm and accompany different moods and themes as the film progresses.Things get a little messy near the end but I think Edgar Wright issomehow still able to keep it coherent and crazy till the end. This isthe type of film that needs a second watch. Its possible that it willgo down in in rating on a re-watch. However, its also equally possiblefor this to enter a personal cult status with another viewing. I'd sayEdgar Wright did very well with this one.8/10