I'm the type of person who doesn't take giving perfect 10 lightly butat the same time I'm not looking for perfection. This film ismagnificent in almost every way, brilliant in execution, and uniquelycreative. It's unbelievable how many easily dispensable moments such asa sound effect(car door ajar), a cartoon clip, or a dream moment andmany other small things were given coherence. To me these are theprerequisites for a 10, something that is just epiphanic, it hits youwith a wonder on why someone like me who is not expert in filmmakingunderstands that this film is an expertise, a masterpiece.Is it Musical? Not really, but music here don't serve as a backgroundaesthethic it has a role to fulfill. It's actually hard not to compareit to a musical in recent memory. Though I have to say La La Land'sRomance and Jazz is not for everybody but Baby Driver's Romance, FeelGood Music and Action, now that's what I'm talking about.It's also incredible how Baby Driver is a hybrid of so many films andyet it's not convoluted. Romance, Musical, Heist, Action and Comedyinto one film, that is just incredible. It's almost as if Edgar Wrightis saying I can do all of those and I'm not even serious. It's alsonotable that Baby Driver is not desperate like some films that forcestwo genres into one but comes out doing it inadequately. It doesn'teven need the backing of a blind fanbase to exaggerate how exceptionalit is. This is a True Cross-Genre Film that was able to exhibit the thingsthat we love from each of those genre. It's not like SpidermanHomecoming that just add a slapdash writing of teenage angst andpretend it's already a coming-of-age film.So many directors have great visions, concepts and stories but likewhat Sam Sylvia of GLOW said "There are many Oscar-worthy ideas outthere, So What?!" The truth is I don't like any of Edgar Wright'sprevious films, maybe I don't get British jokes or maybe I think SimonPegg is unfunny but despite the ludicrous movies in his resume, EdgarWright puts on a clinic on how to make those kind of Oscar-worthy ideasa reality in Baby Driver.I'm so picky with my films sometimes I think I hate films but BabyDriver despite its stupid name is timeless and simply one of the fewgreats ever.