True stories are the one thing throughout the film industry that can'tbe known as being a dime a dozen because it seems as though almost halfof the films nowadays are based on true events. Of that half, I'd sayonly about half of those stories are done with complete justice andcare. So, it's really a toss-up when going into a film like this. Withthat said, Only the Brave is a fantastic presentation of these eventsand the men who risked their lives on a daily basis. Although it mayfeel a little slow at times, here is why I believe this is a filmthat's pretty much for everyone. When you're trying to tell a possibly tragic story about people thatmay or may not have to give their lives in the wake of danger, itreally does require some powerful and devoted performances in order toget the audience to emotionally respond to the events unfoldingon-screen. From Josh Brolin to Miles Teller, to even Taylor Kitsch andJennifer Connelly, I honestly thought this ensemble was one of the bestof the entire year, with the standouts obviously being Brolin andTeller. Each and every one of the supporting roles gave their very bestas well, making this a very believable and realistic team.The premise of this film is relatively simple. A crew of firefightersis out to become the next crew of "Hot Shots," and they will dowhatever it takes, which also entails hiring some fresh and willingtalent. The film dives into their lives outside of work and reallyinvests you in each one of their jobs. I was quite riveted throughouteach one of the fires, and I loved how it didn't take it too seriouslyto the point of depression. With a nice blend of bickering and action,these characters were more fleshed out and likable than I was expectingthem to be, which really added a level of intensity to the overallmovie. It really is the fact that this film has a terrific cast that reallymakes you feel for them when the climax occurs in the third act. I wasnot familiar with the events that occurred in real life, so I wasn'tsure what to expect from the finale of this film. Although I feel thereare some abrupt aspects about it, I feel as though it was handled withcare and respected the families involved in the actual events. Thefinal act of this movie is surprising in multiple ways and it did haveme shedding a few tears by the time the credits started to roll. In the end, Only the Brave is definitely a slow watch at times and itsrun time is slightly longer than the material needs it to be, but whenit's slow it also takes its time to emotionally invest you in itscharacters, so it's sort of a catch-22. With terrific performances allaround, direction that seems to be inspired, and sequences that willhave you on the edge of your seat, this is a very well-made a memorablefilm that I can confidently say will be one of my favorites of thisyear. This movie is well-made in every regard and I highly recommend itto everyone.