The spirit of Christmas a common theme of movie around this time ofyear trying to teach us the main reason we get a vacation and givegifts in December. And about every five years, we get the retelling ofthe first Christmas that brought with it hope, grace, and salvationfrom how horrible of people we are. This weekend that retelling comesthrough again, but this time from the perspective of the animals andwhat they went through that fateful night. Robbie K here with a reviewon the Star, an animated movie that hopes to shine bright in thisweekend of big releases. What's in store? Read on to find out myfriends!LIKES: Good animation: With the age of computers, you expect fluid animation,and the Star doesn't disappoint. The animal movements are excellentexamples of anatomical study, capturing the foot, neck, muzzle, orwhatever other body part you want your animal to move in an accuratemanner. In addition, the designers do a nice job of anthropomorphizingthe animals as well, creating a hybrid of personalities that are fun towatch. And while your either admiring, or ignoring the animation, youcan be sure that your little one will be stoked to see the charactersclumsy antics and slapstick humor result in a laughable adventure. The Voice Acting: While acting in full form is a highly challengingtask to try to accomplish, there is something to be said about the artof voice acting. The assembled cast gets two thumbs up for me in theirability to bring the simplistic animal roles to life withsemi-memorable characters. There are too many characters to name, butSteven Yeun as the main character carried a heavy load as theadventurous, yet stubborn donkey Bo who was a fun character to watch.Keegan-Michael Key was another welcome addition to the cast, his solidcomedic delivery perfect for the comical character of Dave the Dovewhose quips have been diluted down for the kid friendly atmosphere ofthis movie. However, my favorite character was the camel Felix, TracyMorgan who had the most zany, crazy, and comedic punch of the wholemovie with his sarcasm and sheer idiocy. All in all, they do theirparts well, and create that wholesome family feeling. Artistic Tale of Christmas: When it comes to religious and kid's movie,it can be difficult to find the balance that lays between cheesy,annoying, and of overzealous religious zeal. Fortunately, the Star wasable to accomplish this goal to the point that it delivers the mannerin a heartfelt way without falling into Hallmark sappiness territory.The Star maintains its cute, slapstick tones throughout the whole movieup to the predictable ending that we all know is coming. And when thatclimax occurs, it somehow delivers the powerful message and keepsthings fun, which isn't easy given the imbalance that plagues thecinematic world. Nevertheless, this movie has an art to its delivery,which nets points in my book. DISLIKES: Character Use: The Star is another example of jumping the gun andhiring too many actors for a limited cast. While there are a fewcharacters, Bo, Dave, and the wolves, who get an adequate amount ofscreen time on camera, many of the characters are reduced tounnecessary cameos that serve little purpose. The Field Mouse, therandom goat, even the bad king himself are just expensive shout outsthat could have been used towards developing a stronger story.Hollywood may be doing favors for the friends, but this reviewer foundmuch of the characters a waste of time. The story: Before you shout blasphemy towards me, I don't hate thefirst Christmas story, far from it. What I mean in this dislike is howbare the story felt in this telling. It's one geared towards kids,doing little to curtail the story to adults, which limits itsentertainment purposes for a variety of people. Yes, I get it, it's akid's movie, but think of how well Pixar can cater to both audiencesand get the job done. The Star's message is great, the package is cute,but it's limited in the audience members it can truly entertain. The animation. Other major studios know that every detail is importantin animation. While Bo and the main characters movements look great,the rest of the characters (primarily the secondary backgroundcharacters) walk stiff or are limited in their movements. While a minordislike to some, this reviewer has developed an eye for world building,and the Star kind of failed on that level for me. Biblical times maynot have been the mega city behemoths of the modern world, but I'mpretty sure it had more splendor than this movie made it out to be. TheStar seemed to cut costs on this movie where it could, unfortunatelymaking the world succumb to characters caught in mundane worlds. The VERDICT:The Star is cute, it's spiritual, and it is one of the most familyfriendly movies of the entire year to bring your little ones too. Withgood primary animation, voice acting that is energetic and funpresentation, this is a Christmas story I can get on board with.However, this studio dropped the ball on using their characters andworld building, cutting corners to give a simplistic presentation thatis dull compared to Disney's worlds. In addition, the limited audienceentertainment faction is also a strike against a tale that held muchpotential. The Star is good for a church group to go to, but it's placewould have been better in a direct release film in my opinion, insteadof a costly theater run. My scores are: Animation/Adventure/Comedy: 6.5 Movie Overall: 5.5-6.0