If you enjoyed the first Kingsman movie, likely you will this one aswell. If like myself you found it to be a spy film beset by anauseating combination of cameo, bad sex jokes and hyperbolic,cartoonish plot, The Golden Circle is not going to change your mind.Poppy (Julianne Moore) has transformed undiscovered ruins in Cambodiainto a land of kitsch 50s Americana, from where she controls theworld's recreational drug supply. She has spiked said drug supply so asto hold the world leader's to ransom, either legalizing all drugs orletting millions of their citizens die. All of the Kingsman secretagents have been wiped out aside from the main cast of the first film,meaning they have to team up with their American cousins to eliminatethis threat.If a world under threat from some all encompassing power that causespeople to act erratically sounds familiar, that's because the centralplot of The Golden Circle is identical to the first film. This time aswell as underwriting the British working class, there is also ampleopportunity to make broad stereotypes of Kentucky natives too.The use of music in film can be a joy, Tarantino going so far as to sayit's 'just about as cinematic a thing as you can do. You are reallydoing what movies do better than any other art form; it really works inthis visceral, emotional, cinematic way that's just really special'.Writer-director Matthew Vaughn prostitutes this great cinematic virtue,over- using from the first time Eggsy kicks the radio mid-fight toMerlin (Mark Strong) singing John Denver. It's all so painfully obviousand dull, the kid who attempts to be funny by talking over everyone allthe time.If the music is cloyingly over-done it's only one part of theinterminable fight sequences. With heroes surviving headshots all thisrunning around is little more than a slideshow for different places inthe world. As the film reaches its climax anyone could tell you wholives and who dies and that Elton John's excruciating cameo will playsome strained part. All there is to do is sit back and watch the greenscreen, wondering where it all went wrong and why does no-one want tomake a spy film with characters and coherence.There's also a reason no film with a phonebook of stars can beconsidered a classic after Grand Hotel. With only a few minutes tointroduce themselves and engage in some sort of subplot, it all feelslike a waste. In The Golden Circle it's hard to think who is moreunderwhelming, Academy Award Winner Halle Berry or Channing Tatum, whois removed from proceedings just as he is introduced. At least PedroPascal fully inhabits his juvenile surrounds, and Mark Strong is anengaging screen presence with a little smidgen of character to workoff.A low-point of the first Kingsmen was Samuel L. Jackson's screechy turnas the big bad. Julianne Moore as sociopath-come-housewife may be asobvious an irony as calling a drug lord Poppy, but she certainlydoesn't grate (or mince) in the same way as her predecessor. Thestrange joy taken in churchgoers being massacred or heads explodinglike fireworks found in the original is also passed over.The script's nonsensical nature, co-written with Jane Goldman, variesfrom the minute (Eggsy can't drink with his friends because he's goingto his girlfriend's parents the next night) to the terminal (theantidote to the spiked drugs is destroyed and rediscovered over andover). As for any wider message in The Golden Circle, the Machiavellianintelligence of the President prevents any allegorical comparisons, andthe anti-drug message is about as convincing as Reefer Madness.A final gripe comes with the trailer, giving away plot points thatdon't turn up until an hour into the film. What's the point of makingColin Firth's return a surprise if he's featured so prominently in themarketing?Onwards to the third film, which I suspect will be essentially the samefilm again.christophermarchant.wordpress.com @BrianInvincible