With 2015's Kingsman: The Secret Service, director Matthew Vaughnadapted the popular spy comic series into a fun and stylish action-comedy film that continually poked fun at how silly it actually was.After making over $400 million worldwide and almost universal audienceacclaim, a sequel was quickly greenlit. This forgettable sequel triesto outdo the original but is bogged down by a ridiculous plot, overlongruntime, and poor new characters. If you are a fan of the first film like I am, you will be happy to hearthat Vaughn keeps the same fast-paced and sleek action that you havecome to expect. The action is plentiful and the slow motion is wellused to keep the flow steady. Some fans are going to love that theaction here is much bigger, but some scenes are too big for their owngood and so unrealistic even in a series that makes fun of beingunrealistic. The final action scene tries to outdo the fan favoritechurch brawl from the first film, but falls well short and ends themovie on a disappointing note. The core cast is all back and each of them is the same as we left them.You can feel that the chemistry between the Kingsman has evolved,especially between Eggsy (Taron Egerton), Harry (Colin Firth), andMerlin (Mark Strong). They play off of each other really well and feellike a real family. It would have been a shock to see Harry still alive after beingpresumed dead in the first film, but this surprise was ruined by thetrailers, which is a worrying theme for recent movies that have hadtwists/surprises ruined before release. Introduced in this movie are the "Statesman", the American version ofKingman that features Channing Tatum, Halle Berry, and Jeff Bridges.They introduced in the beginning to be a bunch of fun loving crimefighters that appreciate a good drink. However, Tatum is sidelinedhalfway through and the other Americans aren't as interesting as theBritish. Julianne Moore takes over as the main villain, Poppy, a drug lord witha plan to hold the world for ransom. Moore's character is very onedimensional and doesn't really do anything, only residing in herhideout and trying to be menacing as a poor man's Harley Quinn. Shekeeps Elton John, played by himself, as a prisoner to keep herentertained. John is very annoying the whole movie, shouting expletivesand mocking himself, and is given way too much screen time. The plot of Kingsman: The Golden Circle is even more far-fetched andstupid than the original. The basic premise is that Poppy controlsalmost every drug in the world (somehow) and everyone that has usedthem is now infected with a deadly pathogen. She holds hundreds ofmillions for ransom with her price being that every drug made legal inorder for her to make astronomical profits. Poppy blows up the Kingsmanheadquarters and every agent's home (except Eggsy and Merlin) so theywon't put a stop to her plan. She ignores the Statesman for some reasoneven though they are shown to be even stronger than Kingsman. Eggsy andMerlin must team up with the Statesman to find the antidote beforeeveryone dies. Multiple plot holes come up throughout that mixupcharacter motivations and reasoning. There are also subtle nods throughout the story about how drug usersaren't bad people and that we shouldn't punish them, but they are soliberally forced and unneeded that it quickly becomes irritating tohear. The film clocks in at a runtime of 141 minutes and really drags duringthe middle parts as the characters trek along from set piece to setpiece. It's weird that a film this long is filled with multipleunderdeveloped characters and plot that is given little build up. Atleast twenty to thirty minutes could have been cut and would haveresulted in faster-paced film that doesn't get slowed down byunnecessary callbacks to the original and underdeveloped side plots. Kingsman: The Golden Circle is a dazzling action movie that tries totread the same water as the original, but is drowned by underdevelopedcharacters, a dumb plot, and an overlong runtime. For the fans of thefirst one, be prepared for disappointment.