Matthew Vaughn went all out and got to do anything and everything hewanted. I enjoy his movies, but I think some constraint would help thismovie feel more impact-full. Because there's a lot of emotionalelements in the plot who don't really hit home due to the tones jumpingaround. "The Secret Service" was a fun movie that poked fun andcelebrated the spy genre. However, the sequel may have crossed the lineof jumping into the comic book zone in some aspects. It makes me wishVaughn would make "Kick-Ass 3", but I guess you can see this as thereplacement. He's got his fingerprints all over it when it comes to thewide-lens cinematography, the yellow color palettes, quirky characters,extremely over-the-top action and of course shocking moments, whichwill probably have people complain that; "everything was fine up untilthat scene happened!" If you like those elements then I'm sure you willhave a good time with "The Golden Circle". I can't decide if I reallylike it or just think it's OK. I'm sort of in the middle. Theentertainment value can't be denied, so that counts for somethingthough.The stakes are high when it comes to the story. The characters findthemselves in desperate low points, which in my opinion would havecalled for some scaling down on the craziness. It's fun when it needsto be, but I think I would have cared more if they sometimes took itseriously. The action scenes are a blast. The coordination andcreativity is fantastic. It's just that each one of them is set to thebackdrop of some song, so it makes it look like a music video. Itdoesn't work for every big action sequence. Especially when the momentleading up to it hasn't kept to that fun vibe. I would prefer that whenthe action hits you'd be more invested and perhaps even fearful of thelives of our characters. I didn't feel a single punch because it's allseamless and flows by like it's nothing. Sometimes it works if thescene calls for it. But, if you have people on the verge of dying withtime running out (and these are people with emotional connections tothe main characters), then you should feel the danger and the intensityof the situation. Instead you switch to the "fun entertaining mode" andwhat could have been a dramatic tension-filled scene transforms into aridiculous video game. Again, I think some restraint would have helpedthe movie. I enjoy those extravagant moments a lot, but there was somepotential that was lost. The part at the Italian ski resort was the oneI liked the most. Just because it was one of the few scenes thatactually had some tension to the action.The cast is excellent, Henry Jackman's score is great, the transitionsfrom scene to scene were top notch. The movie kept my interest for themost time. There are moments where it borderlines on being a step toofar, but it usually snatches back before it gets out of control. TheStatesmen were nice and I would have liked to spend more time withthem. I did hear that an earlier cut of the movie was 3 hours (!). I'mcurious to what was deleted, but I'm sure a lot of it is more timespent developing the team-up between the Kingsmen and the Statesmen.The father and son bond between Eggsy and Harry is still the heart ofthe series. I'm glad they found a way for that story to continue. Youoverall get to see more range from the main cast, which was a nicesurprise. I had some issues with the experience and there are for suremany things that will shock or irritate the audience. If you shut yourbrain off and forget some logic you will enjoy the roller coaster. It'sa ride that never drags, so be in the right mindset if you decide tocheck it out.