F**k this movie! F**k this movie in the foppish, lewd, aggressivelymean-spirited, blithely reductive, brazenly sexist, dizzyingly gross,egregiously slapdash, mordantly stupid a**hole. For the record, in caseyou want to abort this review early, I might as well tell you I wasn'tsold on the first Kingsman (2014). But while that one had all the samefaults as this one, it at least had the wherewithal to employ competentstorytelling techniques like pacing, character arcs and thematicclarity. This one took all the problems of the first one and stuck themunder a magnifying glass to see if it'll make decent people squirm. Theresults might have been considered tragic if I wasn't convinced thecreators weren't doing it on purpose.In the sequel to the surprise hit of "Anglo Knows Best," we revisitEggsy (Egerton), Merlin (Strong) and the rest of the Kingsmen justbefore their organization is torn asunder by a mysterious foe.Employing the Doomsday protocol, Anglo Goes West, to team up withanother spy organization and bring down a reclusive drug-lord (Moore)with plans of holding the whole world hostage. Will Eggsy and his newpals be able to put a stop to this new menace? And will the suddenreappearance of Harry (Firth), long thought to be dead, make or breakthe Kingsmen once and for all?Man-eating robot dogs, electric lassos, submarine taxis ? all of thisand more you can expect from The Golden Circle. Much like itspredecessor, this movie has its heart and mind in the right place whenit comes to absurd and remarkably bizarre gadgets. But that, along witha couple of James Bond inspired establishing shots are about the onlythings this movie has going for it. The rest is awash in missedopportunities, humdrum action and pallid plot points that are eithertoo excessive to be fun or as forcefully lachrymose as holding a puppyhostage at gunpoint.It's a bad case of Kick-Ass 2 (2013) syndrome. Instead of approachingits infectious satire from a different angle or codifying its unique,candy-coated world with bold, trend-setting choices, the movie justopts for more. There's more explosions, more gunfights, more gore, moreslap-happy goofiness, more moments of posh-looking kick-a**ery set totoe-tapping glam rock. All of it is trying to push the envelope, butnone of it sticks.Part of it might have something to do with the film's lack of backbone.The first film, for better or worse, clung to Eggsy'squasi-coming-of-age story like a steaming helping of hatred to aWestboro Baptist Churchgoer. No matter how low the film went (and may Iremind you it went pretty low), we could always rely on our affableunderdog to be the upstanding gentleman he's meant to be while neverresorting to anything more terrible than butt stuff.Here however there's nothing really to root for. Eggsy's personal lifeis treated like a trifle and his reunion with Harry his mentor has noreal impetus. The only real moment of character vulnerability comeswhen he comes across a clumsily established moral dilemma that feltlike it was cooked up by an apologetic for the skill of pickupartistry.Meanwhile to answer for the litany of criticism thrown in 2014, thisflick doubles down on the extreme sexism. The perky princess butt- playfrom the first one (Alstrom) is now the nagging girlfriend, AgentLancelot (Cookson) is a pile of cinders (oh, yeah spoiler alert), PoppyDelevingne is brought in just so we can look at the inside of a CGIvagina and Julianne Moore, our villain basically plays a deviousversion of the valium popping housewife whose stuck in the fifties.Then there's Halle Berry who plays the Merlin to the Kingsman'sAmerican counterparts ? The Statesmen. She does very little other thanstate the obvious but is nevertheless given a chance to sit at thebig-boy table in token appreciation because? f**k. This. Movie. So.Hard.This movie is essentially an evil genie's answer to a wish for "more".It is big, loud, messy, revolting and almost entirely jeopardy-free. Ifyou consider the first Kingsman to be a cathartic bender than this isthe whisky soaked hangover that accompanies it. You want to know ifit's proof; set it on fire.