This film is simply pure entertainment. Mathew Vaughn has made anothergreat movie. It begins just as the last film ends with an impressive ifnot opportunistic car chase in the Taxi throughout London ending withEggsy swimming through the London sewers all so that he can see hismates in Camden one last time and set the drug fuelled story of thisfilm rolling. This film doesn't bring anything new in terms of plot direction or adeveloped baddie with meaningful motivations but these aren't what madeKingsman: The Secret Service great and they sure aren't what made thisgreat either.It's brilliant because the script did not lose its unique Britishvernacular that set the first film apart from so many other spycomedies. It's still a British film dominated by British acting, I wassurprised how little Channing Tatum was in it given how prevalent hewas in the trailer, and in fact takes small pops at America throughout.This film will only hold out as long as America can laugh at its stupidstereotypes, which are meant to be funny for all, like us Bits have toin most Blockbuster movies. Granted the CGI was glaringly obvious throughout the film and wasslightly painful in certain scenes, but it allowed the film to createthese brilliantly imagined and engaging action scenes in which thefirst film based it success and word of mouth upon. Without it, theaction scenes would be gun fights like we have seen hundreds of timesbefore. Although there is no scene on the same level as the churchscene in the first film, the Diner scene at the end does come closewith Pedro Pascal's "skipping rope" as a weapon adding something newand slightly sickening as he cuts through one Italian guard like a hotknife would through butter. Finally, this being a year for big failed celebrity cameos in movie andTV (Ed Sheeran in GOT and David Beckham in King Arthur in particular),Elton John in this film is hilarious and plays a much bigger role thanI expected, which I was all for seeing just how funny he was with thescene of him and Colin Firth killing the Robot Dog being my personalfavourite. If you take this movie too seriously with some again comparing it to007, you will be disappointed as of course it's not going to have thesame class or sophistication as Fleming's novels. That is what makes itdifferent as it does not try to copy that or make a mockery of iteither. The Kingsman films now stand on their own.