It's clear that Colin Firth, Taron Egerton, Mark Strong, ChanningTatum, Pedro Pascal, Elton John and Julianne Moore were all having thetime of their lives filming this. The movie's over-the-top style, whichdid well at capturing the spirit of the first film, allowed them all tohave fun with their characters. However, when a more serious scenepresented itself, like when Merlin had to sacrifice himself or whenHarry revealed that he had felt like he was leaving nothing behind whenValentine shot him in the previous film, they still brought the heartand emotional weight needed to convey what the characters were goingthrough. From a character standpoint, my favourite scene was when Eggsymanaged to remind Harry of who he was. That was a very touching scenethat brought a smile to my face and showed that, while this film ismostly just meant to be an over-the-top action comedy, it still knewwhen to tone it down and allow us to appreciate the bonds between thecharacters.I thought bringing Colin Firth back was a bit risky since Harry gotshot in the head in the first film but their explanation for thehealing of his head wound, although rushed, was at least brought backagain later rather than just shoved into the film for convenience andthen abandoned. Too bad it was applied to one of the films villains.What did slightly bother me about Harry's resurrection is how and whyHalle Berry's character (by the way, that woman looks damn good for herage) even found and bothered to bring him back in the first place. Butoverall, it doesn't matter. Colin Firth brought back the dashingKingsman agent but added a layer of vulnerability to him that we didn'tsee in the previous film.Julianne Moore, another woman who is aging well, is mostly known forher skills as a dramatic actress but this movie showed that she canalso be balls to the wall psychotic. Poppy Adams was a completepsychopath who could do terrible things with a smile on her face andwas clearly having tremendous fun being the villain. I also liked thejab they made to corrupt politicians with the scumbag president.Overall, this is a good sequel. Not perfect but clearly the performerswere enjoying themselves so it's easy to enjoy it along with them.