Lady Bird is the semi-biographical directing debut of noted indieactress Greta Gerwig. The film stars Saoirse Ronan as Christine 'LadyBird' McPherson, a Sacramento teen whose uneasy shift into adulthoodbears unpredictable and transformative results for her, her friends andher family. She dreams of moving as far away as possible for college,in part to avoid her contentious relationship with her mother(Metcalf). The prospect seems unlikely however given her father'srecent unemployment. Thus while she waits, Lady Bird soaks in andlearns from her encounters with her boyfriends, her run-ins with thewell-meaning nuns at her out-of-touch Catholic School and the quirks ofher dozy hometown.Much like Gerwig's breakthrough success Frances Ha (2012) (a film shealso co-wrote), Lady Bird has a very frank, very refreshing honesty toit. The characters, both major and minor are flawed and sympathetic,the story and the city in which it takes place feels fleshed out; drawnwith an appreciation and love that appeals to a certain sense ofremembrance. It's not nostalgic ? who truly can be nostalgic for 2002,a year Lady Bird notes for being a palindrome and little else. It'smore like an honest examination of that awkward period in life afterhigh school, before college where boredom, jadedness and sexualfrustration can unknowingly turn you into the adult you will become.The honesty goes a long way in overcoming the usual teen dramedyclichés. While the film stops just short of surprising audiences withthe wholly unexpected, Lady Bird nevertheless spins its web of storylines in a unique configuration. The expected mother-daughter friction,the Catholic School repression and the pompous proto-douche boyfriendsubplots are all here and accounted for but they're painted in withsuch care and loving detail. Like a Faberge egg this film is cognizantof tradition but encrusted with unique filigree all its own.Supporting cast members Laurie Metcalf and Tracy Letts are trulyspectacular as Lady Bird's hardened but still loving parents. They bothdominate different extremes of the parental spectrum (one overbearing,the other a little too free-wielding), yet both only want what's bestfor their children even if it costs them their pride, their financesand in one subplot their dignity. Beanie Feldstein and Lucas Hedgeslikewise make pretty good hay out their roles as Lady Bird's longsuffering best friend and first boyfriend respectively. While it wouldhave been nice to see more of Hedges exploring the deeper complexitiesof his character, what ends up on screen, works in serving the overallnarrative.Saoirse Ronan is?an interesting choice as an avatar for Gerwig'spersonal tale of adolescence and turmoil. The film requires her to befunny, charming, excitable, aggressive, and a bit of a brat dependingon the circumstances. And while the young actress hits all those notes,she does so with an uncomfortable passivity that often risks making themovie about her environment as opposed to about her. One can't help butcompare Ronan to the fearless Hailee Steinfeld of last year's Edge ofSeventeen (2016) and wonder if by this time next year, we'll still betalking about the self-absorbed but not too self-absorbed Lady Bird?That along with the strong inference that Lady Bird is a lesser,spiritual prequel to Frances Ha means the film, for all its positivesdoesn't go all-the-way sort of speak. It's an honest movie and a lovelymovie but not as truly transformative or life-changing as could have orshould have been. The bad news is that means The Perks of Being aWallflower (2012) will stay in the popular consciousness for only thatmuch longer. The good news is hopefully that means Greta Gerwig is justgetting warmed up. With a movie that ultimately feels as custom made asthis one, I'm very, very excited to see what she comes up with next.