Greta Gerwig, usually disappoints me - as an actress and now in herwriting and directorial debut, LADY BIRD, a coming-of-age film about aseventeen-year-old girl growing up in Sacramento "?the Midwest ofCalifornia?" (the best line in the film,) and the love/haterelationship she has with her working-class family and peers. Socialdistinctions figure prominently in Gerwig's cinematic world of "ironicclass strivers." I keep wondering why I am left cold by her words andher characters and eventually understood that LADY BIRD is tooself-consciously trying to be inclusive - inclusive of everycontemporary issue - touching upon a diversity of characters andsituations with momentary episodic flashes.The touch is light,illustrating concerns rather than delving into them, giving us tokenism- glossing over deep pain and longing with a CliffsNotes diminution.Saoirse Ronan is excellent as Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson - anickname she gives herself to appear distinctive. I am sympathetic tothe aspirations of a young, self- involved teenager searching for apath to glamour and excitement. Youth is an innocent time - one open toendless fantasies - reality has not yet penetrated the hermetic worldof dreams. The "firsts" of the teen years - first kiss, first sexualexperience leading to the loss of virginity, first self-awareness ofone's own ethical and moral values, and the critical realization thatthe world is not always spinning for you alone - solely for yourpersonal gratification.The film opens with Lady Bird and her mother - a wonderful performanceby Laurie Metcalf - who is driving and listening to Steinbeck's Grapesof Wrath on audio tape - both simultaneously weeping, moved by thebeauty of the spoken words; their mirrored responses reflect theirenduring affection. And suddenly the mood is shattered and we see theother side of their relationship - a mother who works double shifts asa psychiatric nurse to supplement the family income so that herdaughter can go to a private Catholic school; the burden of monetaryexpenses weighs heavily on her shoulders. The ever-present resentmentthat comes with sacrifice is often unleashed on her oblivious daughterin a torrent of sarcasm, humiliation, and disparagement.Greta Gerwig is at her best in the scenes between mother/father anddaughter. A lovely tenderness exists which is often choked and stifledby the exigencies of financial straits.The underpinnings are there fora truly fine movie, but in the rush to cast a wide net, Gerwigcompromises her subjects' humanity, placing a veil of bromides overwhat could have been profound interactions. Maybe next time. I hope so.