I love "Lady Bird". Watching Writer and Director Greta Gerwig's "LadyBird" is seeing life happen. Saoirse Ronan plays self-named "Lady Bird"Christine, the Catholic Girl School senior doing her best to leave herhometown in Sacramento in 2002. Laurie Metcalf plays Marion ?Christine's Mother, who is the workaholic nurse covering double shiftsto make ends for her family. Her husband, Lady Bird's Dad Larry, playedby understanding Tracy Letts, who suffers clinical depression is laidoff from his job. Lady Bird has a "step-brother" Miguel, played bybright Jordan Rodrigues, the UC Berkeley graduate working at 7 Eleven. Lady Bird and her Mom have the biggest hearts, yet often not graciousfor each other. Lady Bird's chaste boyfriend Danny, played by LucasHedges, confesses "Your Mom is so hard on you?" Lady Bird defends, "?She loves me." In the moving scene, Lady Bird and Mom shop for promdresses. Lady Bird asks her Mom, "Do you like me?" Mom replies "I wantyou to be the best version of yourself." Lady Bird says, "What if thisis the best version?" Apparently, that isn't enough. They break yourheart. Ronan and Metcalf have profound authentic screen partnership. Ronan israw, hysterical, and compassionate. Metcalf is strength and tendernessin her quiet and measured words. "Lady Bird" is hilarious and touchingin humanity. It celebrates being and loving the best version ofyourself, acknowledging the unconditional love of those who see andlisten you as greater. Director Gerwig's debut feature boldly looks atlife touching all our hearts. In the opening car ride home after visiting State universities LadyBird and Mom argue. Lady Bird wants to go to college back East. Her Momreminds that they can't afford that, and besides she doesn't have thegrades. Hysterically, Lady Bird opens the car door and leaps out themoving car. Later we see her back in Catholic School with pink cast onher broken arm. Gerwig brilliantly captures our attention. Lady Bird's best friend is Julie, played by kind hearted BeanieFeldstein, who is the sweet girl who suffers some over her appearance.Her divorced Mom has a live-in boyfriend. Math whiz Julie crushes onher teacher Mr. Bruno, played by Jake McDorman. Lady Bird would like tobe on the Math Team, but she isn't good at math as Sister Sarah Joan,whimsically wise Lois Smith, points out. Instead the Sister convincesher to try acting in a play with another school. It's love at firstsight for star Danny, gentle Hedges. Danny from the big Catholic familybetrays Lady Bird in the surprise reveal. In her cultural exploration she jettisons BFF Julie for rich girlJenna, haughty Odeya Rush, and pursues her romance with mysteriousloner musician Kyle, charming Timothee Chalamet. Turns out mysteriousis really the conspiracy theorist kid with the tragic family.Meanwhile, Lady Bird enrolls her Dad (Lett) to help her apply to Eastcoast colleges unbeknownst to Mom. Lady Bird does her best to invent that best version of herself. Ronanmakes us laugh and cry along the way. I laughed so hard while Lady Birdand Julie lie on the church floor eating communion wafers discussingthe uses of "shower heads". When Ronan compassionately hugs Danny, whoconfesses his fear, I cried. When she holds Julie who doesn't have aprom date, who says "Some of us aren't built for happy." I had thebiggest smile. As exasperated Mom tells her daughter, "It's neverenough!" that breaks Lady Bird's heart and ours."Lady Bird" has the biggest heart of any movie I've seen. Ronan makesthis so. Ronan and Metcalf reveal that unconditional love of Mother andDaughter in their fierce words and silence. They touch with theirhumanity. We are all the better for it. In the end saying, "I loveyou?" is more than just thanks. That expresses the best version ofourselves. I think "Lady Bird" is the best movie of the year. At leastit is my very favorite.