Greetings again from the darkness. Joining the likes of Woody Allen,Mel Brooks and Ben Affleck, Greta Gerwig proves her significance andbrilliance is most apparent behind the camera, rather than in front.Her first feature film flying solo as writer and director is without adoubt, one of the year's best. Surely she has benefited from having avery talented live-in muse and mentor and partner in Noah Baumbach, butthis extraordinary film is clearly Ms. Gerwig's passion project ? andit's a thing of beauty (character warts and all).Ultra talented Saoirse Ronan plays Christine, aka "Lady Bird". Sheclaims it's her given name ? a name she gave herself. Entering hersenior year of Catholic High School in Sacramento, she's the typicalblend of teenage insecurity, bravado and restlessness. Her never quitesatisfied mom is played by Laurie Metcalf, in what is probably hercareer best performance, and definitely worthy of Supporting Oscarconsideration. A brilliant opening scene finds mother and daughtersharing a cry, which quickly devolves into one of the endless stream ofarguments that make up half of their relationship. Their scenestogether are sometimes caustic, always realistic, and likely to hithome to many mothers and daughters watching.Lady Bird is convinced she must escape 2002 Sacramento and live on theeast coast, where she assumes culture thrives. This is the age whereevery teenager is convinced an amazing destiny awaits them ? notstopping to contemplate what talent they possess that might actuallycontribute to society. Lady Bird is an average student who seems todream not of greatness, but rather of some vision of life where shewill be appreciated for simply being herself. So much of what happensis grounded in the reality of high school life, friendships, andfamily. She jumps at the chance to be friends with the "it girl" whocontrols the "in crowd". Leaving her lifelong best friend Julie (BeanieFeldstein, Jonah Hill's real life sister) in the dust, Lady Birdfinagles her way into Jenna's (Odeya Rush) inner circle of rich kids,including the cooler-than-cool Kyle (Timothee Chalamet, CALL ME BY YOURNAME). He's the bohemian-wannabe type we've all come across. Herattraction to Kyle results in confusion over her relationship with niceguy Danny (Lucas Hedges, MANCHESTER BY THE SEA). The film touches on many familiar topics, and the script elegantlyhandles each piece of the puzzle and gives each character their due.Lady Bird's middle class family is going through some financialdifficulties after her dad is laid off. Tracy Letts is superb as thedad who is beaten down by a life that's nearly passed him by, but hestaves off his own depression just enough to provide the basic strengthneeded by his wife and spirited teenage daughter. Mr. Letts and Ms.Metcalf aren't TV sitcom parents carefully positioned as punchlines forclever kids, like what we typically see. The emotional bond betweenparents and offspring is perfectly awkward and deep. Mother anddaughter have their shared escapes, while father and daughter sharesome secrets. There is also a complex sister-brother dynamic, as wellas the common issues of school days ? teenage girl self-respect, classwarfare, teacher crushes, and the pressures of extracurricularactivities. Lois Smith has a couple of outstanding scenes as a wise andobservant nun who sees Lady Bird for who she is, and provides thenecessary guidance. Welcome comedy relief is combined with an editorialstatement on the ongoing reductions in funding for the arts, as thefootball coach (Bob Stephenson) is put in charge of the dramadepartment.Ms. Gerwig's excellent (quasi-autobiographical) film defies traditionalcategorization. It's part teenage comedy, coming of age, family drama,and character study ? yet it's also so much more. Have you seen much ofthis before? Absolutely, and it's likely at least some of this hasoccurred in your own life, though you may not always enjoy beingreminded. What is enjoyable is watching the work of a skilled filmmakerand exciting new cinematic story teller.