Ladybird is a movie directed by Greta Gerwig. It is a comedy about ayoung girl played Saoirse Ronan who moved to Sacramento with her familyto live a new life. However she is struggling to adapt to strictCatholic school she is in and her family's financial difficulties. Sheis trying to establish healthy relationship with people around her,especially her mother. This is the first film that I have seen in along time, where I didn't see a single trailer or a poster other thanknowing Saoirse Ronan is in the film and apparently the film was verygood. That's why in the plot summary I didn't say much because to sayanything more would be to describe every single little details happenedin the film. I always loved Saoirse Ronan and I think she is a verytalented young actress with great potential. She was in Hanna, one ofthe most underrated actions in the decade and I loved her performancein Brooklyn and Grand Budapest Hotel. After the failure of the Host,she went to back indie root and played in more arty film. This is apleasantly surprising good movie. When the film starts, you have theimpression that it is a coming of age story, which it is, but as thefilm went on it goes deeper and even darker. It dealt with subjectslike anxiety, depression and even sexual identification. Howeverdoesn't play off in a serious tone, after all it is a comedy, it feltnormal and lighthearted. And that is something missing in ourmainstream movies. We don't see a lot of movies that felt like we arewatching something as if it was unfold to us in real life. It is mostlythanks to the amazing acting the cast offers. I would say this is thebest performance Saoirse Ronan has to offer. Also the mother played byLaurie Metcalf was very good and even though she constantly conflictingwith her daughter, you understand why she is frustrated and you cantell that deep inside she loves her more than anything else. And thatis the biggest strength of the film: because it felt so real andlighthearted, you felt every emotion the characters felt; joy, angerand pain. You understand how and why everyone do the things they do. Iam surprised how dark some of the subject matters got, well at leastfor me personally. Last but not least, I have to mention the cleverediting used in the film and its beautiful cinematography. I don't havetoo much complaint with the film, but there are a few nick picks. Oneof them was the pacing. The film is only 1 hr 33 mins long. There somescenes felt a bit rushed. I wish the film could slow down at times. Thebiggest flaw in the film I felt is with the ending. I won't spoil itbut I felt it could be executed better and I thought it dragged a bit.What is more, some of the characters arcs are not resolved, but itdoesn't bother me that much. Lady Bird is a very surprisingly goodmovie. I had a great time with it and made me feel hopeful. It is oneof the best coming of age comedy I have seen. Even with its minor flawsI would highly recommend it to people. And if you are a teenageexperiencing hardship, go watch it, it will make you feel better.8.5/10