In which Christopher Nolan attempts to do a Spielberg in widening hispalette to take in a major war-themed movie a la "Schindler". Does hesucceed, well, I don't think so. Nolan has spoken about the unusualconstruction of his film, taking three stories on the day, one beingtwo young soldiers' desperate attempt to escape the carnage on thebeach over the course of a week, the RAF pilots attempting to protectthe air-space over the Channel within one hour and the crew of a smallprivate boat in one day making their own way to try to help relieve thesituation and then sort of sort of slow / fast forwards them all onfrom there, cutting from one to the next in triangular order, fromstart to finish. These switches, I have to say, I grew almost irritatedat by the end, to the point of anticipating them even at key dramaticpoints in the story.I guess his big idea was that rather than attempt a massive-scaleover-arching narrative of the events at Dunkirk, he attempts to tellthe tale with just these three microcosms and infuse them with thedifferent human traits at play in such a desperate situation. Thus wesee the young soldiers on the run from the start displaying fear,selfishness, ingenuity but yes, even cowardice as they try anything toget aboard a leaving ship, only to end up threatened with drowning inan abandoned boat they'd hoped to commandeer and use to get to safety.With the pilots, we witness calmness, bravery, loyalty, flying skillsand ultimately self-sacrifice as they fight overwhelming odds in theair while in the rescuing private boat, again we see endeavour, courageand compassion as the crew of one middle aged man and two young boysattempts to make a difference by saving as many as they can.Was this approach the best way to convey the big picture here...I'm notconvinced it was. Some of the incidents seemed contrived and at oddswith the realism sought for elsewhere, especially the incidents of theyoung cabin boy on the small cruiser and the French soldier who ends upwith a bunch of hardly heroic British soldiers under deck, trying toescape drowning.Sure, the depiction of the terrible ordeals they each went through isrealistically portrayed, on water, land and sea, but ultimately itlacks the realism of say "Saving Private Ryan", (sacrificed obviouslyfor the 12a classification to no doubt ensure younger viewers could getto see it), so there's no blood or bits of bodies as you wouldotherwise expect. I'm not sure I saw even one German in the wholemovie. There's very little dialogue either so there wasn't much room foracting skills to shine other than by reacting mostly with British pluckto events, which actors like Kenneth Branagh and Mark Rylance can doall day while Tom Hardy is confined almost exclusively to the cockpitof his Spitfire. The best I can say about pop star Harry Styles' actingdebut was that I didn't even notice him until my wife pointed him outto me in a scene right at the end.Commendably, Nolan keeps his film to a 105 minute duration when itwould have been easy to bloat it to double that length, but in the end,I didn't feel at any stage that I was actually witnessing real events,always that I was watching a movie, which for me, as I say, makes itultimately a failure. The miracle of Dunkirk was that 300000 got homesafely under insuperable odds, whereas here it seemed as if barely 300made it. Mr Nolan should turn his telescope around.