Hey, this movie have actually done it! And I can't think of anythingthat did it before this one - it managed to be totally supportive onblack/white racial equality by being equally insulting to both whiteand black people! Really, if someone told me the whole story of thisbefore I watched it I would react exactly like the cops in this movie.Seriously, this flick looks like it was filmed with just a draft of ascript and I wouldn't even call it a horror. It is unoriginal andrather ridiculous than frightening. Don't waste your time - it's themost valuable resource you have! PS: It honestly sickens me to even think that, but I have a slightnotion it has such high ratings because of the racial angle of theproduction. Which is sad actually, because I don't believe people ofminorities make worse anything as a rule, which means their works neednot to be given any undeserved praise - that is not what equalitymeans, people, that is actually a bad, harmful idea - if, say, a movieis praised as good - or even best like Moonlight - just because of somemisguided parity sense - in other words, just because it was mademostly by minority members, and apart from that it is, like Moonlightor Ida,mediocre at best, then it harms the minority more than it helpsit. It's simple - if you do anything and you are objectively not bestin it, or you suck at it even, but everyone around you tells you, thatwhat you do is awesome, then you don't have any incentive to try harderand be better.It can even be a source of deep frustration as you can sometimes tellthat you're getting undeserved praise, like from a overbearing parent,and deep down you know it is not sincere and something else entirelystands behind it. Like some politics that don't concern you personallyas a creator.If my work was praised no matter how bad it was just because of mycolor, beliefs or ethnicity, I know I would not be happy or satisfiedwith it. Also such practices make room for unethical creators who willsee that picking up a specific set of topics for their works willautomatically allow them to get ahead of any competition just becausethe topic is politically desired to be shown in certain context ratherthan the quality of the work itself. It's damaging and demoralizing.