I wanna start by saying this is probably the only horror film I canthink of where the comedy didn't ruin the movie, but actually made itbetter. Shaun of the dead is pretty good, but every other comedy/horrormovie I have seen, SUCKED. I usually say that horror and comedy shouldnever be put together, mostly because the mixing ruins two genres thatare mostly great on their own. But Get Out did a brilliant job mixingcomedy and horror in a way that I have never quite seen before. This movie actually both scared me and made me laugh and I didn't comeout hating the movie. It is a very different movie, also a verypolitical movie, at least I think so. I really thought this movie wasgoing to be terrible after watching the trailer, but now I am reallyhappy I have seen it. I am not really a horror movie fan, but the thingI think this movie did so well was not to depend on hardcore violence,quick camera movement, shock, effects, and nothing that make the badhorror movies bad. I have personally seen more bad horror movies thangood, which is why I usually stay away from them. The thing I love about Get Out is that it is scary in a trulypsychological sense that not many horror movies still use. And it doesit brilliantly, one second you will be laughing, the next you will bescared out of your mind. The way it does it is brilliant because everybad guy is very nice, good looking, political correct, and that makesit even more creepy. I am so grateful I can finally point to a goodmodern day horror movie. But again, this movie was great, and I thinkit sends a message that most do not want to hear, but people need tohear. The racists there are most of now doesn't go around beating upblack people or anything of the kind, they mostly do not know they areracist. People who are racist but knows it is wrong, so every timethere is a black joke he will go insane just to prove he is not racist,people who wouldn't care if they voted for Barack Obama or Ben Carsonas long as they can say they voted for a black person. People whoconstantly have to remind themselves they are not racist because theyvoted for Obama, or they are not homophobic because they have a gayfriend. The racists that make sure no one speaks in a way that theyfind uncomfortable, the racist that will say you are racist if you sayMexican instead of Latino American. The racist that will say it iswrong to have your kid dress up as an Indian for Halloween. That is the message I think this movie is trying to Get Out. Just soyou know this is just my opinion of what the movie is saying. If youreally want to know it's message, you will just have to watch themovie, to get your own opinion. Anyway this is definitely one of 2017best movies, and I would recommend to everyone. I hope you found thisreview helpful and I hope you will love the movie as much as I do.