Dunkirk is, in my opinion, yet another masterpiece from mastermindChristopher Nolan. Since everything that is brilliant about the filmhas already been said I will briefly write what I think of the film andalso touch on a topic that some people are criticizing the movie for.The fantastically directed film is told from 3 perspectives nonchronologically. It superbly tackles the narrative and the non linearstory doesn't at all pull you away from the intensity of the eventshappening on screen that don't stop from 00:00 to the last scene. HansZimmer most likely gives one of the most fitting scores for a war filmever. Sometimes there is only one note playing followed by heartbeatsounds and a ticking clock while other times a massive orchestra isinterpreting what is going on on screen. The movie brilliantly projectsthe feeling of each and every soldier on the beach to the audience.Confusion, turmoil and fear. The cinematography was breathtaking and Ifelt anxious throughout most of the run time. There is no lead in thisfilm and I can't really say anyone stuck out as giving a brilliantperformance because it wasn't needed and I'll explain why.The biggest criticisms of Dunkirk that I've heard of so far are thatthe characters are lacking in depth and that we aren't given anythingto be invested in them. I feel like Nolan was trying (successfully) tomake the audience care for each and every one of the men on the beach.He needed to have some form of "main characters" to be in the story sothat we can see the events unfold from the direct perspective of all ofthe soldiers. Usually in war films (I'll use saving private Ryan as anexample) the plot revolves around certain soldiers (like Cpt. Millerand Ryan) being in a war and doing things in the war but its stillabout THEM not THE WAR as much. In my opinion Dunkirk is a telling theSTORY OF DUNKIRK. Not of Harry Style's character or Tom Hardy'scharacter but of Dunkirk. What any of the "main characters" felt, everyother soldier felt. Nolan resorted more to film-making techniques totell the story rather than dialogue and that is why some people mighthave had a problem with the lack of character depth but realisticallythis type of terrible event wouldn't be a place for someone to"develop" as a character but rather a event where MEN WANTED ONLYSURVIVAL, and Nolan showed that perfectly. As for what the top reviewof Dunkirk on IMDb says about 'lack of emotion' in the film, I believethis to be a completely incorrect statement. Maybe he was referring tothe lack of 'brotherhood amongst men' or the feeling of moral orsomething epic like that. Again the longing for the 'Saving PrivateRyan' format of war films. What the reviewer fails to see is thatrealistically there was NO emotion on that beach besides fear andconfusion. And I can safely say that Nolan and Zimmer and the DP allsuccessfully gave us those feelings.9.5/10