As a regular movie goer I was naturally looking forward to seeing whatall the hype was about in regards to "Dunkirk". Well I was sorelydisappointed, and came away frustrated at what the director could havedone with such a large budget, instead of the tedious film he gave us. Within the first 10 minutes we find ourselves on the beach, togetherwith lines and lines of soldiers facing the water, waiting for theboats to collect them. Never mind the fact, that the boats had not evenleft England yet! Needless to say, the soldiers were completely unprotected in the open,and made for great target practice for the German planes above them. I found the lack of character building to be an enormous let down.Whilst there were three mini plots, the soldiers being evacuated, thetrio of Spitfires, and the one small boat with the man and his son,there was little or no interaction between the actors in these miniplots. I call them actors as we were never able to get to know them by name assuch, and hence there were no characters in this movie per se. KennethBranagh spent the entire moving walking up and down the wharf trying toget the soldiers into whatever boats appeared. The supposed armada that was dispatched from the other side of thechannel, never looked more than a bunch of mates out for an afternooncruise.There were many scenes with little or no dialogue, which depicted whatit was really like for mainly those on the beach, or in an unusedtrawler a group of them came across. Whilst these may have been realistic, we had no idea who the charactersinvolved were, as we had no opportunity to engage with them throughoutthe film.There were many times when we switched from a night time scene todaytime one, and then back to night time, when supposedly all theaction was taking place at the the same time. In my humble opinion, Dunkirk could have, and should have been an epicmovie, but I'm afraid to say that I found it boring, tedious, andwithout character. I am well aware that I am in the minority with this opinion, but itreally could have been so much better.Cheers,Hans