The fear of meeting the significant others parents has always been ananxiety of wondering how they are like. The anxiety of trying toimpress them, the background history or even the appearance can makeyou feel a little nervous. Director/writer Jordan Peele first film andtackling a horror genre at that makes a pretty entertaining movie. Hedefinitely has his work cut out as a director by making the one thingcouples usually have an anxiety about and twisting it around.The film follows Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) and his girlfriend Rose(Allison Williams) are planning a small trip to visit her parents. Heis afraid they will judge him for being a black guy. They arrive attheir country side house, were Chris notices that there is a black guydoing work on their yard or a house maid. Which her parents assure himthat they are not prejudice. When his girlfriends mother does anhypnosis session with him. He notices that everyone there may not bewho they say they are.Get Out is a great suspenseful horror movie. It may not be scary orbloody. It does build the mystery suspense. The moments of Chrisnoticing the strange behaviors that the house maids are behaving. Herparents behaviors being erratic and cheery and creepy about meeting himand introducing him to other guests in a big party. The concept ofhypnosis is also pretty crazy as Chris starts questioning if its hisparanoia self about fearing about being judged for his race or ifsomething sinister is going on. Jordan Peele does well building thesuspense and the anxiety with a white family having black people asmaids.I was very surprised about how awesome this movie was. I had lowexpectations after watching the trailers and was thinking it would be acheesy bad acting horror movie. Jordan Peele proved the expectationswrong. It turned out to be a smart suspenseful movie were you root forthe main character. Which is rare to see characters make certaindecisions which can be frustrating in most horror movies.There is a twist that is best not to reveal or talk about. The less youknow or see from the previews the better the surprise will be. The lastact and the ending does not disappoint. The movie does have some funnymoments and plus a comic relief character that is Chris friend that isalways throwing jokes about sex slaves and only trusting the "brothers"of his kind.Daniel Kaluuya did great which this is my first time seeing him performon screen. Allison Williams did well as his girlfriend. BradleyWhitford and Catherine Keener both were great and creepy with theircharacters.Once the twist is revealed, it can be kind of disturbing about whatsreally going on. Without giving much away. Overall, Get Out is a greathorror film. Director Jordan Peele may have a great start working onfilms. The suspense and funny moments were well balanced. The twist wassurprising. The cast and acting were great. The plot and concept ofinterracial meeting the family and paranoia was entertaining. Idefinitely recommend the film if you are looking for suspense