Given the outright gushing of critics in praising this film, I wasquite surprised to discover Dunkirk to be not only not deserving ofsuch praise, but even worse, to be a cacophony of minimalist nonsense,topped off by one of the most ridiculous film climaxes in recent memory(more on that later). "Possibly the best war film of all time?" Notquite, I could name dozens better. In fact I struggle to think of manythat are worse than this. My goodness, where to begin...First I do not understand where the $150 million budget was spent. Theactual story of the Dunkirk evacuation involved - literally - hundredsof thousands of men, and hundreds of boats and planes. In this film, wesee....a few hundred men? 30 boats? Something like six planes? Where isthe grand scale that a story like Dunkirk deserves, or really, demands?There was no grand scale. That is a heinous omission and oversight andultimately fails to tell the story of Dunkirk as it should be told. Andif you don't want to use CGI to achieve that scale, that's fine, butthen either expand the real numbers of extras and props so itreplicates what Dunkirk was actually like, or, don't do the film. A fewsoldiers standing around on the beach looks incredibly silly when thecharacters say on more than one occasion that there are over 300,000men there. Where are they? We never saw them. Ludicrous.Similarly, we see a few boats here and there, and a few planes. Thisdoes not come close to approximating the flotilla of ships, boats andother watercraft used - in reality over 800. It's hard to appreciatewhat a tremendous achievement the Dunkirk evacuation was - ultimately,the aim of this film I suspect - when we never actually see thatachievement occur. We see a few boats and few planes. Literally a dropin the bucket of what Dunkirk was. Yet at the conclusion, as the menare disembarking, back safe in England, we are supposed to be swept upin a swelling feeling of appreciation for something that we neveractually witness. Very bizarre.The soundtrack, if you can call it that, was an escalating collectionof random and intrusive blaring instruments that can be best describedas 'noise.' I have no idea what the goal was there. Perhaps it was anattempt to convey what one might feel, the intense experience one mighthave, if he or she was in a war-time situation like this. Perhaps. Aprofessional critic called it 'bombastic' and that's probably beinggenerous. I am not lying when I tell you I had to take an Advil when Igot back from the theater, thanks to the crazily escalating noise thatoverwhelms the latter part of the film. Yikes.As for the climax, the scene of a Spitfire seemingly free of the lawsof physics and gravity is bereft of all logic, and was such aneye-rolling piece of nonsense, no amount of criticism on my part can doit justice. Let's just say planes cannot keep flying indefinitely, muchless maneuver and successfully engage other aircraft, when that planehas run out of fuel. The film deserves to be panned for this ridiculousscene alone.This is not a great war film, it's not even a good war film. It is nottypical or traditional story-telling, I will give it that. There arestretches of this film that lack dialogue and there is zero characterdevelopment. While different, that's hardly unique (it's been donebefore). Perhaps some critics haven't understood that 'different' doesnot automatically translate to 'good' or 'great' - sometimes, it doesnot.Put down the Kool-Aid. As my brother said to me when we walked out ofthe theater last night, "Assuming I would like this, I thought I wouldgo see this again over the weekend. Not only am I not doing that now, Iwon't even bother watching this once it's on cable or Netflix." Truethat, bro. 5/10.