For the majority of his career Christopher Nolan has thrived insurrealism, whether it be focusing on caped crusaders or uncharteredspace missions. So it's intriguing to see him return to a narrativesteeped in realism, and grounded by its commitment to real lifeoccurrences. The results are staggeringly impressive too, while thetalented filmmaker maintains his creative sensibilities, crafting a warmovie that feels distinctively his.When thinking about war films, it'svery hard not to go straight to the classics such as Apocalypse Now,Platoon or Saving Private Ryan.You have to make something very specialto be mentioned in the same sentence as films like those.Naturally I was excited for the movie and I think most people werebecause we knew that it is Nolan's movie. From the opening shot ofdunkirk you are in it and You are experiencing everything like you arethere , there's never a dull moment or scene where characters sitaround a campfire and say who you got back home no background stories.You don't get those kind of things in Dunkirk what you are used to seein war films yeah this could be a problem because you don't feelconnected to specific characters and you are not connected emotionallybut this movie is not like others there are many war movies and we haveseen many similar things but this movie is not about individual it'scompletely about the event. It's about the evacuation like being in themiddle of this horrific situation. According to my opinion When you arein a situation like this you don't say "hey my name is.....what's yourswhere are you from - oh I thought we could have a conversation betweenall the bombs and planes firing constantly" No this movie is in themoment and how Nolan show us the event It's what movies were inventedfor. everything on the screen look completely authentic there's never amoment that feels wasted. When I heard that it's only 106 minutes longI thought it should be 3 hours long movie but when I saw that it startsin battle and ends in battle I think it's perfectly made in one andhalf hour. And if you're expecting big arcs then sorry becausesometimes in war people die alone and no one's there to comfort them ortell them it's going to be OK that's what make this movie soterrifying."Dunkirk" tells the story of a group of allied soldiers from Belgium,France, and the British Empire. When they find themselves surrounded bythe Germany army on the beaches of Dunkirk, the film follows the storyof the evacuation of 400,000 during the early stages of World WarII.boasting an incredible cast, Christopher Nolan allows his players tointernalize the fear and emotion, and allow them to express it in themost aromatic and penetrating demeanor's. As Tommy, Fionn Whiteheadmakes an astounding mark in his feature film debut. With no true leadin the movie, his point of view is often a crutch for the audience torest upon, as his internalization of the character is one of the film'smost pivotal high points.It is gripping from its very opening moments,in which we see soldiers getting picked off by invisible snipers in themiddle of the titular town as propaganda flyers shower from overhead,announcing to the British, French, Canadian, Belgian and Dutch troopsthat they are hopelessly penned in by the Germans.We are in the earlymonths of World War Two.Christopher Nolan makes the decision to avoidall of this explanation, and to give us a Dunkirk that focuses on thepersonal experiences of the war by land, sea and air The sea battle is also done very well from a technical perspective. Weget a sense of the claustrophobia of being aboard ship, the shell-shockand the terror of a watery death, especially when combined with litgasoline. I thought the acting was by far the best in this segment. Ivery much liked Mark Rylance's quiet earnestness as a civilian sailorsailing to Dunkirk with his son - the quiet communication between thetwo of them with glances - the profound sympathy toward CillianMurphy's traumatised rescued RAF pilot. And the scene of soldiersdrowning under a fiery sea is one of the most memorable and rightlyhorrific in the film.Dunkirk is edge of your seat filmmaking. Can honestly say I've neverseen anything like it.A lot of people were wondering about Harry_styles& unknown cast. They're all great but Dunkirk is not about any onesolider. Also 'Dunkirk' is another brilliant collaboration betweenNolan & HansZimmer. The way he mixes in a ticking clock with score isnail biting.DUNKIRK relies on very little dialogue.We all know whathappened on that beach, but Nolan's take is worth visiting. Yes,DUNKIRK relies heavily on sound of an increasingly fast ticking clockto build suspense.Drop everything and go watch Dunkirk. It is anexperience. Not a mere film.