Someone remembers the movie Skeleton Key (2005, with Kate Hudson!)!?Well, Get Out is basically the same plot, whereas in Skeleton Key thetransferring of the soul or whatever is done with black magic inSkeleton Key a neurosurgical procedure gets the job done. So the plotis mostly (besides the well-done clash of black and white folksculture) a copy cat (as Skeleton Key plays in the deep South we gotalso a little of the element of black/white culture contrasting).If I would have to choose one of both movies for a cinematic night Iwould watch Skeleton Key again - the dark atmosphere is far moresuperior and the suspense also. Also, the end is far more delicate.Get Out has some strong points - good actors, good production andespecially the strange circumstances and the growing paranoia of ourhero are well done. On the other side, the movie has some weak points too - imo the(re)solution is hasty done, also there are some (important) mistakes -how our hero got the stuff into his ears, as he was bound to thechair!? And the brother didn't see the stuff in his ears - he wasclearly checking if the "sheep" is asleep and knocked out. Also didn'tour bad girl see (in darkness!) the blitz of the phone - she shouldknow that the possession/control or whatever of the host is broken, soshe would never give the gun to her "grandfather". Also the comedy-element is a mixed up experience - some of the subtle comedy elements Iliked, tiresome for me was the black buddy stuff cliché: comedy Kitschzillion times done before - it was (partly) funny with Eddie Murphy inthe 80s and maybe you got away with it in the 90s but now...And whereas a good horror-movie mostly has a bad end for the hero (KateHudson loses in a certain, surprising kind of way the struggle for herlife), the director didn't have the guts to make a "good" end - ofc ourhero should be shot by a cop or ride the electrical chair. Why!? Because the mad comrades of our good evil family would ofc"delete" all pieces of evidence of crime there will be just onesolution left - our black guy would be sentenced for mass murder, orwho would believe his story, as many "decent" white folks would testifyagainst him!? Btw - isn't that the point of a racist society!? ;)This p.c.-ending is imo too much of fishing for compliments or suckingup to the common mainstream agenda - and a good horror movie shouldeverything but be p.c.In short - I was entertained and I like many aspects of the movie(especially all the actors), but in my horror collection Get Out won'tmake it into the top 100, maybe top 250 but even that's not for sure.The script/the story just is not good enough. Get Out: a little"horror" snack (the horror-elements are just a few, it's more a comedyand thriller). Not more but no less. Because all this biased overratingI rated 1, my real rate is 5.note:imo the political agenda or bias of many of the reviewers and thevotings (with black actors as main characters) is ridiculous -masterpieces like Blade Runner got a rating of 8.2 or Apocalypse Nowone of 8.5 and Get Out got 8.1... I've become accustomed to subtract 2to up to 3 points (deciding if I watch or not) if a black actor isinvolved as the main character(s) - not because of racism but becausethe ratings are f***ed up and I can't trust them (like all those fakereviews and ratings in the beginning of any movie initiated by thestudios) - Get Out is just another proof of this hysteria.