*Please understand my rating is to compensate for the absurd amount ofhigh ratings this film has gotten based on what I suppose is mere hypeand anticipation. Because nothing in the film is more interesting thana silent WWII Documentary. I'm a huge fan of Nolan's work. I was excited to see his latest inDunkirk. It may be the worst film he's made. And I think- if you placeany director with half the notoriety on the bill... this movie gets a7.0 rating at best. But. With Nolan's name attached, people decide it'sa masterpiece before viewing it- and they wouldn't change their opinionafter.There's no story. There's no character worth noting or caring about.There's no way to know what exactly is happening in many of the scenesdue to the choppy editing... and every character seeming to be from thesame clone-machine. (seriously- how many dark-haired guys with the samehaircut can you squeeze into a single casting?)It's monotone, it's repetitive, it's essentially the same scene for 2hours... and that'd be fine if something notable happens- but it neverdoes. There's never a moment where you care. Never a moment that hitsyou in the form of empathy, suspense, etc. It's essentially like Nolanwanted to play with a few boats, planes, and do it at the beach... andhe filmed it. It's been a long time since I've ever looked away from a screen andtwiddled my thumbs wondering if something was going to happen or if itwould just end if not... but I caught myself looking around the theateroften. If I had a watch, I would have checked it. Spoilers:About the only notable moment that SHOULD draw some sort of reactionfrom audience members, is an extremely odd scuffle on board where a boyfalls what looks to be 5ft to the floor below... and somehow loses hiseyesight, somehow seems on his deathbed, and then dies... None of itmakes sense, and the execution seems lazy and forced at the same time.The dad doesn't care. The guy responsible doesn't really care. Thebrother seems to care... for about 10 seconds. This part could havebeen cut from the film completely and wouldn't change anything. Muchlike a lot of the film. The film is essentially the trailer... over... and over.... and overagain. Even Hans Zimmer, who is usually brilliant, completely missesthe mark on this one. He's trying to force suspenseful sounds and noisewhere the film simply doesn't match up with action. How do you show the harshness of war while basically showing no one inpain? The closest thing we get to that is a few people drowning- but isflooding the real nightmare of war? You'd think so. It's truly the onlyfearful antagonist in this film. Water. And how many times can we watchsoldiers stacked in bundles stare up at the sky, seemingly as bored asI was watching them, only to have a few water-balloon efficient bombsfall around them? The editing was all over the place. Continuity issues everywhere.Daylight one second- dawn the next, back to daylight... the cuts wouldrandomly shift to another area of soldiers that look exactly like theprevious... sometimes in repeat scenes (which wasn't consistent enoughto read), sometimes in time shifts... and none of it is reallyjustified other than Nolan stroking himself to the millions he suckeredeveryone for here. Possibly the most boring film I've seen in years. Incrediblydisappointing effort by Nolan. OH! Positive: It's pretty. For about 30 minutes. Then you're prettytired of watching the monotone screensaver'esque takes that never seemto vary, with no contrast.