It was without no knowledge about what this movie was about when I satdown to watch "Get Out". The only thing that I did know about it wasthe fact that it was a horror movie, and I do enjoy horror movies quitea lot.I will say that the movie does start out quite alright, albeit itdoesn't really have that horror genre feel to it. But the story soontakes a turn into a more bizarre twist. And I mean that in a good way,because the way the story was constructed and set up was actually quiteintricate and interesting. Director and writer Jordan Peele managed tointroduce an element of confusion to the movie, which keeps theaudience in the dark and have the audience guessing at just whatexactly is going on. And that was a great accomplishment and definitelysomething that added a dynamic layer to the movie.And while the story did seem quite odd and bizarre, it was actually areally good story, and it turned out to be quite interesting andactually well-thought through.Director Jordan Peele was able to skillfully introduce some great buildups of drama, tension and suspense throughout the course of the movie.And the climaxes of these build ups were equally well brought torealization as well. Again, this really added a lot of depth and worthto the movie.Furthermore, the movie was really helped a great long way by havingsome really good acting performances by the cast. I must admit that Iwas especially impressed with Daniel Kaluuya's performance and how atease he seemed to be in this role. And I was also quite impressed withBetty Gabriel, although I think it was a shame that her role wasn'tbigger and that she only had limited screen time.The odd dialogue by various characters thought-out the entire movieactually makes sense when the revealing of what actually was happeningtook place. I will be the first to admit that I was quite puzzled andwas wondering about much of the dialogue throughout the movie. But whenthe plot was revealed, and you look back at the dialogue it all justmakes perfect sense."Get Out" is labeled as a horror mystery, but I would say that themystery aspect of the movie far outweighs the horror aspect. But thenagain, I would say it is more of a thriller than it is a horror movie.Regardless, then "Get Out" is quite an entertaining and interestingmovie.For a directorial debut for Jordan Peele then "Get Out" is quite anaccomplishment. I was more than genuinely entertained by this movie,and can warmly recommend that you take the time to sit down and watch"Get Out".