I was pretty excited to see this movie. I loved "Before I Fall" and Ialso love Horror/Thriller films....so seeing that "Happy Death Day" wasa combination of both of those things, I decided that I should go seeit.I honestly thought this film was pretty decent....even though it waswasn't quite as good as I wanted it to be. The biggest problem was that this movie didn't scare me at all. I mighthave felt a little spooked just once...but that hardly the "OMG I soscared god!! Argh!!" type reaction that the movie wanted me to have.None of the scary/suspenseful scenes really got me. I feel like thishappened because this movie tried to be two things at once. It tried tobe a drama like "Before I Fall" while also trying to be scary like"Scream" yet only ends up being OK in both ends of the spectrum. Itfeels like "a jack of all trades master of none" situation. The other problem was the exposition involving our heroine was poorlyhandled. Not spoil things...basically our protagonist actually has abackstory....but it is given so little substance and emotional weightthat it was just meh. It also isn't as integrated into the story aswell as it could have been. I feel that her backstory could have beenmore developed and/or given more emotional impact. Despite these problems, I still enjoyed the film. I liked the plot. Even thought I never felt scared, the movie gave memore than enough interest for me to be invested in the story for theentire run time. It will most certainly keep you engaged. And I thinkthe pay off to that story was pretty good, even if it felt a bit rushedin hindsight.I also enjoyed the performances. Obviously none of them are going to beOscar-winning material, but I think they did the job well enough that Ifelt immersed in what was going on. So good job guys!!Another thing that I liked was that I didn't find myself cringingconstantly like I do with other horror media like the "Scream TV show."Never once did I find myself rolling my eyes whenever someone opentheir mouth. Is the dialogue particularly memorable? Not really. Butthe fact that it wasn't a total cringe fest was certainly great newsfor meLastly, I thought the pacing was pretty decent. I did find it slow attimes, but the story had enough going on that I never once felt boredor irritated or anything like that.Overall, I found this movie to be reasonably enjoyable. Despite it'sflaws, I found the story and the performances enjoyable enough that Ican say that I had a good enough time. I give this film 3.5/5 stars.