Every negative review for this movie is going to point out that thismovie is built around a concept that we've seen before. Our protagonistis forced to live through the same day again and again. Groundhog Dayand Edge of Tomorrow (both excellent movies) made this idea popular andfor some people, they won't be able to get past the fact that thisisn't brand new gimmick. I don't have a problem if movies borrow fromother movies, they just need to do it effectively and put a fresh spinon it. Happy Death Day certainly accomplishes that. At the beginning,the journey hits the first couple of familiar notes but when Treestarts to realize what's happening, that's when the movie shifts gears.They aren't afraid to play with Tree's tragic end day after day and themovie functions for whole periods as a straight comedy. Luckily, thismovie is really funny when it wants to be. The writers know enough toplay with certain genre clichés and there's a surprising amount oftongue-in-cheek humour here. The marketing for this is a littlemisleading, it makes this movie look like a traditional slasher moviewhen it really ends up being a mishmash of comedy, mystery and horrorOther than the living the same day plot point, Happy Death Day centresaround the mystery of who Tree's killer is. The movie throws a bunch ofobvious red herrings at you right off the bat and I was glad they tookit a less obvious direction. I don't think they overplay their handeither, there are a couple of hints here and there but I think you'dhave to be pretty perceptive to guess the twists and turns that Day'splot takes. If I had one complaint, there was a point where they lookedlike they were heading towards a very sentimental resolution that couldhave been corny. Its a case of me wanting that for these characters.They bypass that though and keep going and while I understand thedecision, I might have preferred that wrap-up instead.Another turnoff for certain audience members might be Tree'spersonality as a character. She's a real b!#@% when we first meet herand I'm not exaggerating. The first time she meets her killer, I wasn'tfeeling sorry for her. But even when she's at her worst, she still hasa certain charisma that you want to keep rooting for her. Writingcharacters that aren't perfect and are selfish that you want to followis an art that so many horror movies get wrong. I liked how Tree grows(no pun intended) and by the end I really wanted her to find a happyending somehow.I don't often get to really discover actors and actresses. Most of themovies I watch are pretty mainstream and by the time someone becomes alead, you've probably heard about them from somewhere. I wasn'tfamiliar with Jessica Rothe at all but she anchored this movie as Tree.This is a stand up and take notice kind of performance, she'smulti-faceted in handling both the drama and the comedy in this movie.I hope this movie is just a stepping stone to bigger things for her andI think the last time I walked away from a movie so impressed with anactress I didn't know was Margot Robbie in The Wolf of Wall Street.Israel Broussard is easy to like as Carter, he's easy going enough thathis character's relationship with Tree builds up organically. RachelMatthews is funny as Danielle Bouseman, she's playing a verystereotypical character (stuck up sorority rich girl) but she nails it.Ruby Modine is sweet as Lori and Charles Aitken is appropriately slimyas Gregory Butler,I couldn't believe how charmed I was by this movie. I didn't plan ongoing to see this, it was a very spur of the moment thing and walkingout of the theatre I was blown away. Happy Death Day isn't the bestmovie I've seen this year but its the biggest movie-going surprise ofthe year for me. It features a great turn from an up and comingactress, a good mystery, some well placed meta humour and a willingnessto play within its central conceit. The marketing for this moviedoesn't show how creative and fun it is and I would urge you to givethis a shot. We've come off the summer blockbusters and we're still tooearly for the awards contenders so if you're looking for something tocheck out, Happy Death Day is an extremely fun hour and a half at themovies. Also, make sure to show up on time, there's a gag pulled withthe opening credits that hints at what's to come.