The Logan family is West Virginia proud, and a little cursed. Jimmyromanticizes John Denver to his daughter while tinkering with his agedpick-up. Clyde is a technician when it comes to mixology at the town'sbar. And Mellie chops years off of ladies' appearance at the cozybarber shop. The siblings found their respective fits, but Jimmy is gradually losinghis place. Picking up his daughter, Sadie, means knocking on a mansiondoor in overalls. His ex-wife has upgraded, but he does not seem tomind. Sadie was always his greatest treasure, and riches have minimaldomain over him. But his mountaineer comfort is expiring.Clyde speaks with deliberate spacing. His words only mean as much asthe pauses between them. Jimmy respects his brother with canineloyalty. Clyde's superstitions do not hold weight with Jimmy, butbelieving the theory of a hexed lineage is only liable to make onetimid. Jimmy gets drunk off of opportunity, and Clyde sounds alarms ofcollateral damages. Together, they find an equilibrium of homegrownprecision.The boys are only 2/3 of the dream team though. Well maybe just half ofit. The adhesive to every joint is Mellie. Her greatest advantage isher unsuspecting swagger. A confident sway that leaves bystandersrobbed blind. Even though she is the driver, she often rides in thebackseat. But then again, you always get bit from the snake you did notsee. The bonds within the family and the accomplices they hand select speakto the genuine roots bedded in their Appalachian makeup. They can trustone another because they are kin with their neighbors. They are notrequired to divulge all the nitty gritty details of their schemes, butthey do owe honesty and equality with their partners.Intelligence is not geographically monopolized. Cunning and forethoughtcan find refuge in any common man or woman's mind. The brilliance ofunexpected victories place figures in regional folklore. Their crimesare forgiven before they are committed, and a multitude of the unheardstrikes laughter audible to the highest of offices. Luck falls on thedeserving, and fortune rains on the humble.