Logan Lucky is first and foremost a heist movie. Arguably it's thefirst of its kind this decade, since the last time a really good movieof this stripe has focused on downhill good 'ol boys pulling anall-American snatch-and-grab, Burt Reynolds was still relevant. In itsadvertising the film mentions itself in the same breath as Ocean'sEleven (2001) but aside from both having the same director, the twocouldn't be more miles apart. One's about career confidence mendrinking fancy martinis. The other's about petty criminals snatchingchump change from concession drawers. One's essentially Michael Caine,the other is Steve Martin.As such, Logan Lucky doesn't come with the standard beats and rhythmsof your average Italian Job (2003). It's slower, quirkier, meandersdown narrative avenues then calls it all back in drastically differentways. While doing so it's also more human, more sympathetic calling tomind the best aspects of The Big Deal on Madonna Street (1958) with auniquely Appalachian twang.Recently let go from his construction job due to, "liability reasonswith insurance," former football prodigy Jimmy Logan (Tatum) decides toput in motion a robbery plan he's obviously been thinking about forsome time. He recruits his siblings, hairdresser Mellie (Keough) andone-handed bartender Clyde (Driver), to aid him. Then they knock on thedoor of infamous local demolitions expert and safe cracker Joe Bang(Craig) whose incarceration proves the first snag of many to rob theCharlotte Motor Speedway.As with all heist movies, much of the entertainment stems from thetension created when the plan, as described to the satisfaction of theaudience deviates ever so slightly risking exposure. What Logan Luckydoesn't just get right but gets near darn perfect is the way it playswith that convention. Large problems seem to wash over the ensemblewith increasing grace almost as if they know they can rely on theircommunity; family and own God-given intelligence to carry the day.Minor problems come across as inspired character moments for whichJimmy, Joe Bang and his brothers (Quaid and Gleeson) show their goofy,simple, superstitious selves.I say goofy and simple not to be derivative, though if that's what youtake from it then the film's prestige may come as a more pleasantsurprise than you could hope for. Much of the plan relies on othercharacters, such as a stuffy prison warden (Yoakam) and a haughty racepromoter (MacFarlane) to underestimate our ensemble's abilities.The film does an excellent job humanizing our heroes by exploring andframing their environments as a point of fact. Jimmy doesn't live insqualor; he lives in a cozy house overlooking the West Virginia hills.Clyde isn't a one-handed freak, he's a war hero and a dedicatedbartender to boot, Mellie, a capable getaway driver, the Bang brothers- professional bandits who "know all the twitters". The camera furtherhighlights this by panning and gliding at low angles making everyoneloom larger; everyone including a late third act addition in HilarySwank as a resourceful FBI investigator.The film is not without its faults. The pacing seems to shift up anddown like a Mustang barreling down the Eastbound I-64. And despite itsknack for air-tight alibis, Logan Lucky leaves the audience hangingwith a lot of unanswered questions. Given the controversy surroundingthe financing of the film, there's little doubt a sequel is beingplanned. One which I look forward to, but if film is said to be poeticjustice in a hundred minutes or less, Logan Lucky doesn't come acrossas poetic as it should be.All that said, Steven Soderbergh's Logan Lucky is a breeze. It's a fineand feral addition to the pantheon of good time slice-of-life crimecomedies that were first kicked off by Dirty Mary Crazy Larry (1974)and the like. And its quirkiness is helped immensely by its motley castwho by enlarge do wonders humanizing characters that otherwise wouldhave been shrouded in misplaced mythos. If you've been curious aboutthis one, do yourself a favor and check it out.