Now I know what you're thinking: Steven Soderbergh and a comedy crimecaper set around a NASCAR race is a perfect combo. Those of you who'veseen the Ocean's 11 movies will probably think the same (if you likethe Ocean movies)... Well sadly, I am here to tell you now that you are in for a bigdisappointment. I too, have seen Ocean's 11 and found it both funny ANDthrilling and so went into this film with high expectations and wasvery badly let down. This film is titled as a comedy but I found it about as funny as ayoung boy saying the word "vag***" out loud... Which is what actuallywhat happens. The real problem of this film is the script, courtesy of Rebecca Blunt.I found it one of the most boring and UN-amusing pieces of screenwriting I've ever seen. The film is only an hour and fifty-nine minutes but it feels like threehours before the heist actually takes place and that would be OK, IFthere was material to keep us entertained until then but there justisn't! Every scene is stretched-out pointlessly long and the dialogue feelsit's just there to make the scene longer. What the dialogue DOES do isit drags the scene down and makes it boring and uninteresting. Peopleabout anything and everything!After the fresh and fun scenes of Clooney putting his team together inOcean's 11, you would think it would be the same in Logan Lucky butit's actually just as boring as the rest of the dialogue, just peopletalking for the sake of talking!Moving on... One thing I will say for Soderbergh is he casts very welland he seems to get the best from his cast. The main characters givevery good performances. Tatum and Driver turn in performances TOTALLY different to what theyare used to as the dumb, hill billy brothers and actually play theparts very well. Craig too is like you've NEVER seen him before as thebleached blond, crazy-eyed Joe Bang and actually plays the part (anddoes the accent,for those of you who've seen Cowboys and Aliens)strongly and with real zest! Any more crazy and he'd be a runner up formay be the Joker.Good and convincing from ALL supporting actors: Riley Keough, JackQuaid and Katie Holmes... However these did little to revive a boring,non-funny and rather convoluted movie! Only at the end was I REMOTELY entertained but still, I was fighting tostay awake... What makes this film such a disappointment is how much potential it had(with the plot) of being a really good and fun film. It makes me wonderif may be in another director and writer's hands (say: Wes Anderson);this could have been everything it promised to be but unfortunately,IT... WAS... NOT!