There are some great heist movies out there and considering this is bythe oceans 11 guys I thought it would be great. But it just isn't. Thecharacters have no development to them. In a heist movie you aresupposed to root for the robbers and want them to succeed. This moviemade me not care about their plan and the jokes in it are not thoughtout properly. Channing Tatum's character was not very believable as both a red neckor a single dad down on his luck. Adam Driver was very boring andstilted with his southern drawl not really impressing anyone. Katieholmes was also in this film but she is a small character. I thank godfor this as she just can't act convincingly (watch Batman Begins andyou will see why Nolan got someone else to play Rachel in Dark Knight).Overall the 2 of the 3 main characters were boring and the actors werenot on their best for this film either because of poor direction orbecause the actors did not give a sh*t.The only good person in it for me was Daniel Craig. His accent wasokay, nothing to get hard over, and some lines he said were at leastfunny. The little girl in it was okay. Child actors are always going tobe rubbish but at least she was convincing. The two redneck brotherswere just a stereotype to be laughed at but they again fall flat andare not funny. The "comedy" in this "comedy, crime, drama" is stilted and boring withvery few jokes making me laugh. For instance during the prison riot inthere's this big Game Of Thrones reference which falls flat on its faceand is boring. It revolves around the books taking a long time to comeout?..That's it, no set up, no reason, it was just there to be "random"and relevant as far as I can tell.I actually made a note of the number of times the audience laughedduring the film. Most of the time the audience was silent as the jokeswere told except for one or two times like when a red neck says that heis "really good with computers, all the twitters I know em"??Noaccounting for peoples tastes in comedy I suppose. The plot is simple and effective with the actual "heist" bit beingokayish. This film was marketed as being from the same guys who didOceans 11,12 and 13 however the script was written by Rebecca Blunt whoto this day has received no other writing credits for any other movies.This is where you have been lied to ladies and gentlemen! I believedgoing into this film that the plot would be written by the team thatwrote Oceans but nope!! The film is not as clever as Oceans 11 for its heist plot. The bigreveal at the end is boring, revealing that they just threw a few binbags full of money in a garbage truck, berried it and then dug it up acouple of months later whilst the FBI was following them?? How did theyachieve this anyway??? Surely the FBI would have been keeping tabs onthem the entire time and knew they were doing this?! The technical side of things works quite well for this movie as the cutscenes showing the plot of the heist are edited really well. The filmdid have a flow to it, not being bogged down with pacing issues at all.The colour palette used as well was very efficient and was dark whenneeded. The sound did not wow me in the least but it was not awful likein some other movies I have seen and was used effectively to createfeelings and atmosphere. There was a big John Denver vibe going onwhich is in keeping with a stereotype that all people from westVirginia love John Denver and know all the words to "take me home,country road" which is simply not the case.All in all this film has good parts in it but not enough to warrant a£8.95 theatre ticket. With characters that are flat and comedy that isnot funny this film is not the worst I have seen but is missing thingsthat would make it a good movie. I would suggest that you wait for iton DVD or stream it if you really want to see it. Seeing it in thecinema was a bit of a rip off.