Imagine taking a room full of junior high school kids and asking themto dream up a script for a heist movie. Guaranteed, whatever the kidscame up with would be better than this nonsensical dud. If the title"Logan Lucky" doesn't make any sense to you, then you've gotten thegist of pic in a nutshell.The genius of the Coen Brother's inimitable style is unsuccessfullyplundered by the blundering "retired" director Steven Soderbergh. Likehis previous forgettable "Oceans" pics, Soderbergh obliterates anychance of an engaging story by reducing his films to nothing more thancontrived, distracting showcases of celebrities-du-jour. This trickyformula only worked once, with Sinatra's 1960 version of "Ocean'sEleven," but only because The Chairman of the Board and his notoriousLas Vegas "Rat Pack" were starring. Soderbergh's impotent 2001 rebootstarred pampered, effete, Hollywood pretty boys like George Clooney andBrad Pitt, who exuded none of the real street-smart savvy and tough guypersonas of Sinatra's inner circle. Soderbergh compounded his feloniousripoff of the Sinatra classic by inflicting two more tiresome "Oceans"sequels on the viewing public. While directing has certainly never beenSoderbergh's forte, neither is originality.Englishman Daniel Craig, the most flaccid and unappealing actor to everplay James Bond, has forever crippled whatever suave image he thoughthe might have had playing Bond with his cringe-worthy, bleached-hairedbit part as a Southern hick. Craig must have once gotten a near-lethaldose of facial botox, since his catatonic lack of facial expressionmatches his Code-Blue performance in pic as amore-than-slightly-deranged prison inmate, sprung "temporarily" (if youcan believe this) to assist in the heist of a NASCAR race. Channing Tatum and Adam Driver (cast supposedly as brothers, somethingthat could only happen in real life if their mother had lived near somesort of Chernobyl-level radiation at the time of their conception) areplayed as down-on-their-luck veterans, yet another smarmy cliché andderogatory ripoff of real vets. These two cretins, who togethercouldn't plan so much as a push-up, are the big masterminds of the raceheist.We saw pic at the Drive-In, the perfect venue for such insufferabledreck, since you can yak out loud with your companions, scarf handfulsof popcorn with gusto, swill beer that you've smuggled in, walk yourdog, let your kids play on the swings, and generally act like you're athome watching TV. Quality story-telling and engaging entertainment arenot all that necessary to enjoy the night out at bargain admissionprices ($5.00 per car on family night). But this P.O.S. was so bad, soutterly bereft of the slightest scintilla of entertainment, that weleft about three-quarters of the way through pic. Summer films are usually aimed at a less-than-sophisticateddemographic. But pic's exploitation of the collective imbecility of itsobvious target audience demonstrates yet again how vacuous andstaggeringly tasteless and banal the puerile Hollyweird suits are whogreen-lighted this hot, steaming, nut-filled pile of dog feces.