The marketing would make you think that this a funny heist caper kindof movie like "Ocean's Eleven" but more of a southern version of it.Just know that there's no laugh out loud moments at all. I'd describethe humorous vibe as amusing and laid back. It's the story of theLogan's who team up with the Bang's to rob the Charlotte Motor Speedwayduring a race. The story is classic with a neat concept. The charactersare all unique and feel like living every day folks. That's perfectlyalright and I also feel like the film emphasizes that by letting theshots breath a lot. Many scenes play out in long takes with few cuts,and that makes it look like you are watching real life on screen withcharacters who don't seem to be in a hurry. But given that the movie isso laid back it made it difficult for things to get moving until abouthalf way through. It struggles a bit tonally by the mid portion. Itdoes get better, but you can't deny that it's slow at times. I don'tmind an easier pace that takes its time. That being said Iunfortunately felt the run-time ticking in this one. Once the plan ofthe heist starts getting into motion the story picks up.Some odd camera shakes were noticeable on some instances. It seems likethey maybe had an unsteady dolly or rail. I can't decide if that addedto the charm or if it distracted me from the movie. Otherwise there areno issues technically and it looks neat with all the wide shots. I justhad that problem of not really understanding what type of movie itwanted to be. Did it want to be more of a nice drama or more like crimethriller? It's shifty with it never being one of both. It's sort of itsown genre. I find it difficult to recommend it and yet I don't reallymind it. My thoughts are basically somewhat mixed. I enjoyed thecharacter interactions and the score, but if only the pace had beenbetter. I'll say this though; there is a part of the movie just nearingthe final act where I felt strong sympathy for the people behind theheist. One shot in particular just really got me out of nowhere. I hadnothing against the characters, but an emotional connection for us tocare more about them was missing. Until that part that happen that is.So it got me by surprise. My final thoughts are that the end result isjust about OK. Underwhelming at times, but I saw nothing flat out bad.The best thing I can say about the film is that it plays out like apleasant summer breeze on a slow day.