It seems that everybody likes a good heist movie. This one has two guyswho have a long history with each other (one of them dealing with ahostile ex-wife) who decide to rob a large entertainment venue duringon especially busy day. They put together a motley crew to pull offtheir plan, which is very intricate, involving many moving pieces andrequiring a few lucky breaks along the way. We don't see the extent towhich everything came together until flashback scenes toward the end ofthe movie and, in the last scene, we're left with the impression thatthe story may not be as complete as we thought.Oh, but I wasn't just talking about the subject of this review, thecomedy crime drama "Logan Lucky" (PG-13, 1:59). Everything I said inthe previous paragraph also applies to the 2001 crime drama "Ocean's11". It only makes sense. This movie's director, Steven Soderbergh,also directed the first three "Ocean's" movies (including the 2004 and2007 sequels, but not counting the 2018 all-female "Ocean's 8" forwhich he's as producer). (However, he did not write any of these films? or his Oscar-winning effort, "Traffic", or "Erin Brockovich","Contagion", "Side Effects" or "Magic Mike", all of which he alsodirected.) Soderbergh's 2017 heist movie has a lot in common with someof his previous work, but has a very different setting ? the southernU.S. This is "Ocean's 11" meets "Talladega Nights". The Logans make up one of the most UN-lucky families in the South. Atleast, that's what Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) believes. He can rattleoff a long list of relative misfortune to anyone who will listen,especially to his older brother, Jimmy (Channing Tatum). Jimmy had beena star high school quarterback and appeared destined to play collegeball and then move on to the pros? until a leg injury ended thosedreams and left Jimmy with a permanent limp. Since then, he married awoman named Bobbie Jo (Katie Holmes), had a daughter named Sadie(Farrah Mackenzie) and got divorced. Since Bobbie Jo got full custody,Jimmy has to drive from Charlotte, North Carolina to West Virginia tovisit his daughter (which he does frequently? but not always reliably)and support her participation in beauty pageants.Complicating matters further, Jimmy just loses his job workingconstruction in the tunnels underneath the Charlotte Motor Speedway(due to liability issues related to his bum leg). For his part, Clydeis a disabled military veteran who lost his left hand and forearm inIraq. Clyde is now a sad sack bartender who never smiles, usuallyspeaks in a monotone and is? kinda slow. One day, British businessmanand NASCAR team owner Max Chilblain (Seth MacFarlane) comes intoClyde's bar and begins mocking his disability. Jimmy defends hisbrother, gets into a fight and destroys Chillblain's car, and theincident gets on Jimmy's last nerve. He decides to stand up for thelittle guy ? and take a bold step to change his life.Jimmy cooks up a scheme to rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Havingworked that underground construction job, he knows how they move themoney, where they store it and how to get to it. Clyde convinces Jimmyto join him, but they're gonna need more help. They visit an oldacquaintance named Joe Bang (Daniel Craig) who is an explosives expert.One problem ? Joe is "in-car-cer-ated" (as he sarcastically reminds thebrothers) ? and is up for parole soon. They say they can get him out ofjail to do the job and get him back before he's missed. Joe decides totrust Jimmy and Clyde ? but not completely.Joe insists that his brothers be a part of the heist. Jimmy and Clyderecruit Sam Bang (Brian Gleeson) and Fish Bang (Jack Quaid), eventhough the Bangs says they "walk with God now" and need "a moralreason" to do the job. The Logans invent one, add their younger sister,Mellie (Riley Keough), to the crew and Jimmy's plan takes shape. Alongthe way, Clyde gets himself thrown in jail (on purpose), the robberyhas to be moved up a week (to Memorial Day Weekend!), and otherproblems arise, but Jimmy gets everything set and he makes a phonecall, saying "call the baker", a signal which sets the plan in motion.After the job, Logan's Six must try to avoid suspicion from FBI agents(led by Hillary Swank)."Logan Lucky" is a pleasant enough diversion, but not especiallycreative. Soderbergh himself calls it "an anti-glam version of anOcean's movie", but he doesn't make especially good use of his setting.Although the locations, circumstances and people are indeed "all Southall the time", the script isn't as funny as it tries to be and most ofthe cleverness comes from heist movie clichés. Country music fans willenjoy the soundtrack (with special attention paid to John Denver's"Take Me Home, Country Roads"), but may wonder whether they're laughingat these unsophisticated characters ? or with them. The bright spotscome from a few very good moments and the performances against type byactors like Adam Driver and especially Daniel Craig. With all that anda moderate amount of southern charm, the movie is mildly entertaining,but whether you'll consider yourself "lucky" if you're fixin' to take apeek at this Logans' saga, I reckon is kinda iffy. "B-"