Logan Lucky is fun filled with stupid humor and an entertainingdirection that is brought to you by the director that did Ocean's 11films. Steven Soderbergh directing another film after his so calledretirement in the industry does bring a good welcome back to his heistcomedy film. It is like Ocean's 11 meets The Dukes of Hazards in a way. What worked about the film is it has plenty of stupid fun filled humor.It may not have jokes being thrown out in every scene. But more ofoddball characters making idiot decisions or more inside joke humor.The setting takes place in the West Virginia, were every acting talenttakes the advantage with southern accents. And some stupid redneck typeof humor. That is what made the film worked so well is the charactersare entertaining. Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) a construction workerthat gets laid off for liability reasons is forced to rob a speedwayrace event in order for him to have enough money to afford a lawyer. Heis in a custody battle about trying to make the best for his daughter,while his ex Bobbie (Katie Holmes) living a high class privilegelifestyle and having their daughter walk in a beauty pageant. Then,there is Clyde (Adam Driver) who is Jimmy's brother, and lost his handin war. His ego is shut down without his hand. He aids in helping hisbrother rob the speedway. Which they would enlist an explosive expertconvict Joe Bang (Daniel Craig) who has five months left in prison. Butthe brothers want to break him out for a short time to complete theheist and bring him back in. The plot is fun. If you have seen any of the Ocean's 11 films you mayget a feel for how the movie is. Where every scene that plays out withcharacters doing a specific action in order to put this heist inmotion. Then in the end, every thing is tied together with a twist.Soderbergh does well with his storytelling in making heists films whichis what he is strong at in filmmaking. The characters are all fun oddballs. Channing Tatum was great. AdamDriver was good. Daniel Craig was an interesting one, playing a convictwith bleached hair and an indifferent accent. Riley Keough playing theLogan's sister, who seems the most reasonable intelligent character.Katie Holmes playing the high class lifestyle character. KatherineWaterston has a small appearance which is fun to see. Seth MacFarlaneas the arrogant businessman is fun. And Sebastian Stan playing one ofthe race car drivers and his "clean freak" of eating healthy andcomparing his body to an operating system is funny. The one minor thing that did not work with the film is I feel like thepace slowed down in the final act. When we have detective Sarah (HilarySwank) trying to solve the robbery. And the exposition with everycharacter after their heist. Overall, Logan Lucky is a really good heist comedy film that is a lotof fun with the odd characters. The cast ensemble was great. The humorwas stupid and fun. Steven Soderbergh's direction was kinetic and funfor a heist movie. Every scene was entertaining and smooth moving withthe characters. It does slow down in the final act for everything tocatch up with the exposition. Nevertheless, it was fun entertainment. I rate the film 4.5 out of 5 stars.