Greetings again from the darkness. When we become a spouse and aparent, we immediately develop a mode of protection never beforeexperienced. We would do anything possible to protect our kids andspouse ? even die for them if necessary. One of the most gifted andimaginative filmmakers working today forces us to consider a terrifyingscenario: what if we had to select one of our family members to die?Yorgos Lanthimos delivered the most bizarre and interesting film of2016 with THE LOBSTER. This time out he re-teams with co-writerEfthymis Filippou, although this story eschews the dark humor of theirprevious film, opting instead for a type of gut-wrenching psychologicalwarfare we have not previously witnessed on screen. The goal here is not to make the viewer uncomfortable. Mr. Lanthimoswants us downright miserable from the tension. This is obvious from theopening scene as Schubert accompanies a close-up look at open- heartsurgery, and continues through the awkward conversations and speechpatterns as we get to know the characters. A terrific Collin Farrellplays the surgeon Dr Steven Murphy. Nicole Kidman is his wife (also adoctor), and their kids Kim and Bob are played by Raffey Cassidy(TOMORROWLAND) and Sunny Sulgic, respectively. The wild card is BarryKeoghan (DUNKIRK) who plays Martin, the most charming and oddballstalker who is hell bent on revenge and retribution. Keoghan is quitebrilliant in this most difficult role.Beyond the psycho-revenge plot lies a story of survival and atonement,making for an excruciatingly unsettling time in the theatre. We feelthe vice tightening on us as the tone shifts from uncertain awkwardnessto dark sinister intentions. Director Lanthimos and his regularcinematographer Thimios Bakatakis are in perfect sync with the variousharsh angles (high and low spiked with screeching violins) and thenecessary tight shots to emphasize the uneasiness and confusion of thecharacters.Alicia Silverstone is quite memorable in her one scene as Martin'smother. Frustrated that her flirtations with Steven aren'treciprocated, she belts out the year's greatest line of dialogue: "Iwon't let you leave until you've tried my tart!" Of course, we couldn'texpect sexual relations to be any closer to normal than theconversations, and Ms. Farrell and Ms. Kidman ensure this to be so.Truly at the peak of the acting profession, Ms. Kidman has never shiedaway from tough material or less-than-ideal characters. Her strengthand determination come through in every scene here, and it's her sceneat Martin's home where she really puts her stamp on the film.As difficult as it is to describe the film without giving anythingaway, one thing is certain ? it's a horror film. It's difficult toimagine a more frightening scenario than what shakes out here withtouches of both SOPHIE'S CHOICE and THE DEER HUNTER, while also havingnothing in common with those films. The film's title comes courtesy ofEuripides, and its suspenseful awkwardness at a level rarely seen. Thenext feature from Mr. Lanthimos (starring Emma Stone and Rachel Weisz)is due next year, and if the line was forming now, I'd be in it.