Lathimos is one twisted (bleep). I mean that as a compliment, but onlysort of; I wonder after this film, about a 16 year old who's fatherdied (presumably) under the watch of a surgeon and now is using his(uh) psychic abilities to tear his family down into sickness andpossibly death, if he can find a story to tell that isn't so, so, so...his usual. The first half was so promising, like 'oh, the director of Dogtooth andLobster doing a Lifetime-y stalker thriller, the Single White AspergeryTeen Boy' story, I'm in.' And then it... Didn't go where I thought andnot in any enjoyable way. My instinct is to compare to Kubrick -certainly in visuals that is the direct descendant - but Lathimos makesSK look like a bowl of sunshine and lolly-pops. His movies had humor,as dark as they were. This is closer to the unpleasant vibes fromHaneke, but the stilted approach to directing the actors from the otherfilms doesn't carry over so well. You need some kind of context forthis to work which those two films had.Eventually as the characters become more desperate and the(psychological) horror amps up, it feels totally divorced from realitycoupled with the freezing coldness of the thing. This is unsettlingfilmmaking, but it needs a point, or at least some kind of portal forus to get into the characters world. As strong performance-wise asFarrell and Kidman and are (the former does have a good continuity withhis tone from the Lobster, and especially the truly great performanceby the kid who plays Martin, the context for how they talk and act andtheir decisions and motivations at some key points either don't ringtrue or come off as WTF for the hell of it (also, minor spoiler, why isKidman never afflicted by the paralysis and other s**t but the kids areone after another?) I find this filmmaker so compelling, original, affecting and worthseeing anything he does if only because no one else IS his work now,and this has a concept that drew me in, and it's ultimately anambitious misfire. Sacred Deer is not unlike the problem that Mother!had a couple months back: we know there's a metaphor going on forsomething, and it may be too obvious. Only that film built up to itsinsanity, while this is the same uncanny, eerie tone throughout.Also, cool off with the music cues, Yorg.