The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a psychological horror film directed,produced and written by Greek director and filmmaker Yorgos Lanthimos,the same filmmaker who directed The Lobster. This film is absolutelybrilliant and it deserves to be add in the list of the best films of2017, alongside with Dunkirk, Blade Runner 2049, It Comes at Night,Okja, etc. During the cinema screening, I realised that lot of peoplewalked out of the movie theater and I asked myself: ''Why? The movieisn't bad. Give this film a time and chance to explain itself.''. Otherpeople were commenting that it was great, but it was confusing and alsodisturbing, because of many brutal and violent scenes containing blood,wounds, organs and general fear of hospitals. I understand that thisfilm isn't for everybody and that is really complicated at first, butif you watch the second time, you'll start to understand the wholepoint of the film. Here are some of the reasons why this film isamazing.It has interesting plot and story. It has everything what thepsychological horror genre needs to have: a constant growing tension,interesting story that actually makes sense, a great terrifying,horrific, brutal and violent scenes that are related to thestorytelling (that scene at the end in a living room, with ribboncovering eyes and a hunting rifle), the philosophy and moral behind thefilm, etc. The film has symbolism, metaphor and reference with theGreek mythology and some of the Greek tragedies.Acting, character development and dialogue between the characters wereincredible. Nicole Kidman, Colin Farrell and rest of the cast did afantastic job, but the actor who stole the most of the scenes and whowas outstanding, was Barry Keoghan's role and character, which I thinkhe'll receive the Academy Award Nomination for Best Supporting Actor.Like in The Lobster, characters are related to absurdism. All of themare unemotional, artificial, cold-blooded, monotone and strange, butwith a dose of realism. Normally, in those situations, characters wouldpanic, constantly cry and scream, but they don't, which is why, at theend of the film, you'll get this terrifying and shocking feeling.Editing, pacing and lightning are perfect. The whole film has insanecinematography, beautiful, static, slow-moving and dynamic one-pointperspective camera shots and angles, similar to Kubrick's directingfilm style and effect. Speaking of Kubrick, it also contains beautiful,tense and magnificent musical background and score, with classicalmusic, famous symphonies and violin sounds and music.But the film has some mistakes. Sometimes it goes really slow andsometimes the music and violin sounds can be so loud, which can beannoying.Despite of those few mistakes, this film is one of the reasons andproofs why we love and enjoy the art of cinema and filmmaking. YorgosLanthimos needs to be add to the list alongside with other legendarydirectors and filmmakers. Absolutely artistic, well done, brilliant,original and creative.9/10