When looking at the total body of work of writer/director/producerRichard Linklater, it would appear that this is a guy that relishes onthrowing the movie going public constant curveballs. From the indiedarling "Slacker," (which people like Kevin Smith cite as a film thathelped them become a filmmaker to begin with) to the "Before" trilogywith Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy, cult hits like "Dazed and Confused"and "SubUrbia" and the Oscar darling "Boyhood," his diversity instorytelling is one that makes sure that can challenge both himself andthe audience. When I found out that his latest venture was adapting anddirecting Darryl Poniscan's novel (which Poniscan also helped with thescreenplay) "Last Flag Flying," I was definitely intrigued by yetanother left turn for Linklater.In this film set near the end of 2003, Steve Carell plays Larry "Doc"Shepherd, who shows up at the bar owned by Sal Nealon (Bryan Cranston)after not seeing each other for almost thirty years since they servedin the Marine Corps in Vietnam together. With shared experiences thatthey are not sure they want to talk about, they seek out their thirdrunning buddy from those days in Richard Mueller (Laurence Fishburne),who is now a reverend in a small church. As they are all catching upwith each other, Shepherd drops on them his reason for gettingtogether: his son (a Marine himself) has been killed overseas, and hewants Mueller and Nealon to come with him to not only help bury him butalong the way heal themselves and each other.This film was a pleasant surprise for me. The vibe that I got from theone sheet and reading about it was one where I thought would ventureinto darkness and politics quickly and for the duration of the twohours that it would be on the screen. While there is not much more thana smattering of preachiness here, it is Poniscan's story of these threecharacters that is relied on to keep things moving, as it should be.These three actors are such powerhouses in their own rights that theirwork together makes this story even more powerful and even fun. Thereare some great comedic moments, driven mostly by Cranston's character,that keep the balance of "Last Flag Flying" in perfect harmony with itsdrama and emotion.There is also a "name to watch" here in J. Quinton Johnson. Mainlyknown for being one of the victims of the horrid "Dirty Dancing"experiment earlier this year, don't let that fool you. This young man,as the best friend of Shepherd's son who was there with him when hepassed, shows amazing emotional range and compassion that shinesthrough even as he shares the frame with some of the biggest actors ofthe last three decades. His performance is truly impressive, and I lookfor much bigger things for him in the future.Amazon Studios continues to gain steam with their cinematic choices,and along with Lionsgate, they have another winner with "Last FlagFlying". Releasing over Veterans' Day weekend, this is a veryrespectful and engaging telling of a tale of our service men and womenboth current and former that runs the gambit of emotion and is truly agreat way to spend a couple of hours in any form.