It is difficult to imagine a Linklater film that isn't some radicaltemporal experiment or structure-less existential rumination and thatis by no means a bad thing. Richard Linklater's films have alwaysstruck a chord with an audience that was less Hollywood and morespeculative, his stories progressing and themes being expressed notthrough plot but rather through ensemble conversations, the subjects ofwhich vary so wildly that massive spreadsheets exist merely in anattempt to retain all the information. After Everybody Wants Some!!,his delightful spiritual successor to his breakthrough cult classicDazed and Confused, Linklater offers another loosely-defined sequel inLast Flag Flying, only this time to the legendary Hal Ashby's 1973 JackNicholson-fueled classic The Last Detail. The names vary and so doesthe plot, but the characters are there and the counter-cultural idealsremain the same, albeit matured. However, fans of the director willunderstand that what Linklater's latest film features is one of themost shocking surprises of the year: a three-act structure!Last Flag Flying stars Bryan Cranston (Sal Nealon), Steve Carrell(Larry 'Doc' Shepherd) and Laurence Fishburne (Mueller) who reunitedecades after serving in Vietnam together to help Doc bury his sonafter he has been killed in combat in Iraq. What follows is a mixturebetween a road movie, a buddy-comedy, an introspective drama on agingand masculinity, and sociopolitical commentary that offer an uproar oflaughs and tears alike whilst also maintaining the director's signaturenaturalistic tone. The film's three leads undoubtedly make for some ofthis year's most charming performances. One could argue that half ofthe actor's jobs have been done for them, with the characterization ofThe Last Detail to draw from. However, each actor so perfectly embodiesthe respective character traits of their predecessors whilstsimultaneously adding several additional layers as a result of theyears between. Bryan Cranston displays a phenomenal range, provinghimself a worthy successor to Jack Nicholson, as he brilliantlycaptures his energy, vulgarity and humor without it ever feelingforced. Seeing Cranston (often typecast into more somber, middle-agedroles) as the bad boy of the trio is ultimately a refreshingpresentation of his skill. Steve Carrell effectively transitionsbetween his trademark goofiness and a grieving father, while LaurenceFishburne adds a great amount of depth to the original character ofOtis Young's Mulhall, offering some of the film's most delightfulmoments when him and Cranston play off one another. One almost gets thesense that these actors each play two different characters, as allthree prove to have a surface persona as well as an underlying struggleto release or overcome. When Fishburne in particular reverts to hispre-pastor self some of the film's best and funniest moments are had.While the comedy excels at the hands of its actors (arguably the mostconventionally funny Linklater film), it's political commentary alsotake an interesting stance; reflecting primarily left-wing ideologiesbut also displaying a great amount of respect for the troops. Theportrait that Linklater paints is that of war veterans who, while intheir younger years jumped at the chance to fight and die for theircountry, feel radically betrayed by the lies of their government andtheir purpose (or lack thereof) overseas. Last Flag Flying displays howwhile soldiers remain such a vital aspect of American identity, it isthe soldiers themselves who feel alienated; for how can one trust hisgovernment when it has the power to order you to die? Having said that,while the film excellently establishes and solidly reinforces itspolitical frustration and anti-establishment themes throughout, it isonly the final few minutes that it begins to thematically fall apart.In fact, I would go so far as to say it feels like the ending of thisfilm is taken from a different film entirely.After a tumultuous journey to bring Doc's son's body home, with aninsistence on burying him as a civilian, in civilian clothes, the triosuddenly reminisce over how great they looked in their Navy Blues backin the day, causing Doc to decide to bury him in uniform, like themilitary intended. This could have all been avoided however had J.Quinton Johnson's character (playing Larry Jr.'s best friend) had givenDoc the death letter he wrote for him when he first saw him as opposedto the very end of the film, with specific instructions to bury himjust as Doc coincidentally unknowingly orchestrated. It is both thesudden sight of Cranston and Fishburne's characters in uniform thatfeels so tonally jarring with anti-establishment narrative we wereconsistently given up until then; and the final voice-over of Larry Jr.reading his letter in which he states that he died doing what he lovedfelt so unbelievably Hollywood (I don't think I've ever heard avoice-over in a Linklater film) that it merely undermined thegovernmental frustration expressed throughout. Politics and honoraside, the fact remains that Doc lost his son for no good reasonwhatsoever, and to hear him say from beyond the grave that he was happyto die at the young age of 21 invokes a sense of patriotism totallyinconsistent from the rest of the film.Had it not been for the last 10 minutes, Last Flag Flying would havebeen a 10-star feature, as it is funny, heartwarming, and inspires suchempathy for these characters as both humans and veterans alike. This isan immensely enjoyable feature that offers laughs, drama and effectivesociopolitical commentary up until the ending, but is absolutely worthit nevertheless. Though most of Linklater's films are riddled withenough philosophical speculations and debates to awaken one's thirdeye, this one proves he can effectively tell a conventional story, andinstead inspires a smile.