Greetings again from the darkness. Apprehension and trepidation are theemotions that strike whenever anyone compares a movie to the classic1973 Hal Ashby/ Jack Nicholson film THE LAST DETAIL. That holds trueeven if the novel the film is based on was written by the same author(Darryl Ponicson) who wrote "The Last Detail" (1970), and even if thenew film is directed by one of the finest directors working today ?Richard Linklater. This latest doesn't play like a true sequel, but thereuniting of three men who served together in Vietnam does hammer homea couple of interesting statements while also delivering the type ofdramedy that 2017 audiences tend to connect with.Larry "Doc" Shepherd (Steve Carell), a former Navy medic, has had thetype of year that no one deserves. It's 2003 and he has just beennotified that his Marine son was killed in action while on duty in thewar in Iraq. This comes only a few months after Doc lost his belovedwife to breast cancer. It's too much for him to handle on his own, sohe embarks on a mission to ask his Vietnam buddies from three decadesprior to accompany him to claim his son's body at Arlington NationalCemetery. His two buddies are former Marines Sal Nealon (Bryan Cranston) andRichard Mueller (Laurence Fishbourne). Sal is a washed out dive barowner and Mueller is now the Reverend at a small church. The three menshare the burden of a war secret that each has tried to forget, andthey begin what's basically a road trip movie of middle aged menbonding during what is the absolute low point in life for one of them.Simultaneously, it also seems like an opportunity for all three torejoin the living.Lost idealism is the shared trait now among the three men, though theirlevels of cynicism vary. Edwin Starr sang it, and the characters inthis movie openly question: War ? What is it good for? Doc, Sal andMueller have separated themselves from memories of war in threedistinct ways ? family, booze, and God. It's only by reconnecting witheach other that they begin the long overdue process of reflection. TV'sare tuned to the capture of Saddam Hussein from the spider-hole, andthe similarities of the Vietnam and Iraq wars are contemplated. Theseare patriotic men who once trusted the government, but are now sodisenchanted they ask "what's the point?"Mr. Cranston has the showiest role, but it's Mr. Carell who shines asthe still-in-shock father. J Quinton Johnson also excels as the youngMarine charged with accompanying the gentlemen, and the best scene ofthe film features Cicely Tyson as the mother of a long ago fallensoldier who crossed paths with the three leads. As you might expect ina Linklater movie, the musical choices are unusual and spot on. BobDylan ("Not Dark Yet"), Neil Young ("Old Man"), Eminem ("Without Me"),and Levon Helm ("Wide River to Cross") are all included.The film is certainly an unusual blend of comedy, tragic drama, andcontemporary political commentary. Unfortunately, the contrivances aretoo many and too frequent to allow the film and characters to breatheand achieve the greatness of a true message movie. It teases us withflashes us brilliance and then pokes us in the ribs with another goofysidebar as if to say "just kidding". It seems this would have beenbetter served as an intimate portrayal of these three aging men whowere willing to die for their country than as a giant politicalanti-war statement and an accusation of how evil the government is. Theultimate message Linklater drills home: be a good friend, and be a goodperson. We can never have enough of those.