A Bad Moms Christmas may have fell into that comedy sequel flaw werethe first movie was pure laughs and fun. And this sequel may have somemoments were it can be funny, but overall it fell a little boringcompared to the first movie. I enjoyed the first with Mila Kunis,Kristen Bell, and Kathryn Hahn playing mothers who are so overworkedand unappreciated. They decide to take control of their own lives tohave a little fun. Sure, there are some hilarious moments in this film.But it was not enough to carry the rest of the movie. Amy (Mila Kunis), Kiki (Kristen Bell), and Carla (Kathryn Hahn) areunder appreciated and overworked trying to get ready for Christmas.They all get surprised by their mothers visiting them for the holidays.Then, there comes the drama with Amy's mother being the highmaintenance snob, Kiki's mother being too clingy and attached to herdaughter still, and Carla's mother who is a dead beat and only sees thedaughter when she needs something. Straight to the point, Bad Moms Christmas had some fun laughablemoments. A scene were Amy, Kiki, and Carla get a little drunk beforethey do some shopping at the mall. Kind of a familiar concept like thefirst movie, were they were trashing a grocery store. Also, a scenewere they are at skyzone and playing dodgeball with their kids andtheir mothers also participated was also a lot of fun. But the movie does fail with having a plot. It is all about mothersstruggling through the holidays, and there mothers show up to eitherwreck there peaceful holiday or give them a little meaningful messageabout how to handle there own personal life. There was a lot of moments were there was not many jokes or laughshappening. Especially, in the more dramatic moments when Amy and theremother part ways after a party that turned for a disaster in her house.And her mother and the other two mothers chat away about how they allmistreated their daughters. Overall, Bad Moms Christmas is a bad film. It has some brief jokes andlaughs. But not as good as the first film. Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell,and Kathryn Hahn were great but the script was lacking in a more funplot and humor. I rate the film 2.5 out of 5 stars. I recommend the film as a rental.