"A Bad Moms Christmas" (2017 release; 104 min.) brings more from theoriginal "bad moms". As the movie opens, we once again hear Amyintroduce the story. "I am Amy Mitchell and I just ruined this year'sChristmas" she tells us, amidst what appears to be a war zone in herhouse (and a camel walking by!). We then go back in time to "6 DaysBefore Christmas", where the story begins as Amy gets ready forChristmas and things start going wrong when her parents, and inparticular her domineering mom, show up. In parallel stories, Kiki andCarla also get visited by their moms. At this point we are 10 min. intothe movie, but to tell you more would spoil your viewing experience,you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: last year's "Bad Moms" was an unexpected success,and I found it to be somewhat of a delightful little move, inparticular with Mila Kunis and Kristen Bell playing "against character"as the "moms gone wild" in the funniest of ways. So when a sequel wasannounced, I was all in. Once again co-written and co-directed by ScottMoore and Jon Lucas, nothing could go wrong, right? Sadly, I mustreport that this sequel is nowhere close to the original, and nowherenear as funny. Why? While in and of itself it seemed like a good ideato add the three mothers of the original bad moms to to plot, itactually resulted in this being a movie more about the mothers of thebad moms, than it is about the bad moms themselves. In particular, thisis mostly about Amy and her domineering (and thoroughly unlikable)mother, although of course the other two bad moms and their mothers getplenty of screen time too. The weird thing is that, contrary to theoriginal movie, the bad moms are no longer bad at all in any respect,in fact trying like crazy to win their mothers' approval and love andpleasing their respective loved ones as best they can. Yes, there isone scene early in the movie where the moms go crazy during a shoppingmall spree, but that's about it. And then there are the male strippersscenes (yes plural), which got a lot of hollering and hooting from thetheater crowd (mostly female, of course). There was no such reactionwhen the young girl (daughter of Amy's boyfriend, maybe 6 or so?)dropped the F bomb, not once, not twice, but multiple time. The bottomline is that Kristen Bell, Mila Kunis and Kathryn Hahn are sadlyovershadowed by their mothers, played by Cheryl Hines, ChristineBaranski, and Susan Sarandon, respectively."A Bad Moms Christmas" opened wide on Wednesday. The Friday eveningscreening where I saw this at here in Cincinnati was attended just okay(not even half full in a small theater), quite surprising for a movie'sopening weekend. I'd say this does not bode well for the long termsuccess of this movie. Surely this will not generate strong word ofmouth. I had high hopes for this movie, but sadly the film makersdeviated way too much from the original premise, and this should'vebeen called "The bad moms' mothers screwed-up Christmas". I encourageyou to check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD or eventually onDVD/Blu-ray, and draw tour own conclusion.