Nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. Well you canadd Donald Trump tweets and inferior movie sequels to what BenjaminFranklin preached about back in 1879.A Bad Moms Christmas is in fact, a sequel. It is my latest review andyeah, it's pretty darn inferior. "Christmas", which I don't think wasscreened for critics, is a half-baked continuation of last year's BadMoms. Heck, it doesn't even feel like it has much of a connection tothe first film.A Bad Moms Christmas is like a cash grab for the holidays, a vehiclethat is more akin to a raunchy version of Love the Coopers (or NationalLampoon's Christmas Vacation) than to being a legitimate, Bad Moms partdeuce.It annoyed me that "Christmas" is yet another holiday film that takesplace in Chicago (even though it was shot in Atlanta). It also annoyedme that A Bad Moms Christmas is another holiday flick in which chaosensues when overbearing parents arrive on the scene. I am aware thatthe similar-themed, Daddy's Home 2 is coming out next week. In truth, Ithink I'll now avoid that movie like the plague.Anyway, with "Christmas" the main characters (played by Kathryn Hahn,Mila Kunis, and Kristen Bell) are not that "bad" this time around. Yeahthey get drunk at a mall, grind on Santa, and steal a Christmas treefrom Lady Foot Locker. But hey, that's only about seven minutes ofscreen time. Their actions just aren't as rebellious, wayward, orunladylike as in the first outing.Most of the script in A Bad Moms Christmas feels lazy. Thescreenwriter's idea of generating laughs is to add potty-mouthedF-bombs and a sequence where male genitalia is being waxed (ha-ha whata knee slapper). The production of "Christmas" feels rushed andslapdash as well. The snow outside looks fake, the sets try hard toappear like a poster child for a JCPenney Xmas catalog, and directorsJon Lucas and Scott Moore (yes there are two of them) have a realhard-on for slow motion shots with some tired, R&B music in thebackground.All in all, A Bad Moms Christmas does offer a few heartfelt momentsbetween the focal moms and their own, weirdo moms (played by SusanSarandon, Christine Baranski, and Cheryl Hines). Unfortunately,"Christmas" also has a stupid cameo by Kenny G along with a shamingdance montage at the closing credits (Kenny G is in that too and he dryhumps his saxophone, how cute).During the first half hour of "Christmas", Kathryn Hahn's Carla quips,"let's put the ass back in Christmas". Well A Bad Moms Christmasdefinitely achieves that notion. Rating: 1 and a half stars.