"Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare todie."I know, I picked the most quotable line of this epic fairy tale (sorryfor being such a cliché), but it was honestly the scene I enjoyed themost in this movie. Rob Reiner's The Princess Bride is one of his mostrevered films and it has become a cult favorite over time. I didn'tfall in love with it however, but I can understand the appeal thisromantic fantasy has on so many people considering it has it all: atale of true love, adventures involving pirates, sword-fights, fantasycreatures, and a princess who is forced to marry against her will. Thepremise is no different from that of your typical damsel in distressfairy tale, but the way the film seems to be mocking and honoring thosefamiliar elements at the same time are what makes it stand out. It hasa unique innocent quality to it while remaining funny, charming, andsweet. Perhaps I would've benefited from watching this at a youngerage, but having waited so long to experience it for the first time wasa bit of an underwhelming experience. I wasn't swept away by itsmagical and fantastic elements and the love story didn't stand out fromother romantic tales. There are several fun scenes and unexpectedcharacter interactions, but during most of the film I felt a bit bored.The satire works in parts and so does the fantasy, but it just felt toofamiliar to win me over entirely. The screenplay was adapted by William Goldman from his own novel of thesame name. Although for this film he uses a grandfather (Peter Falk) tonarrate the story as he is telling it to his sick grandson (FredSavage). At first the grandson isn't too keen about having his grandparead him a story, especially because it starts off with kissing, butonce the adventure begins he's hooked. There are occasionalinterruptions that bring us back to the kid's room, but most of thefilm takes place in this fantasy land where we are introduced to a verybeautiful woman named Buttercup (Robin Wright) who falls in love withher farm boy, Westley (Cary Elwes). The two have found true love, buthaving no money to marry he embarks on a trip and promises to return toher. Buttercup is shattered when she hears that Westley was killed by afearful pirate named Roberts. With nothing more to look forward to,eventually she gets engaged with Prince Humperdinck (Chris Sarandon) ofFlorin who promises to turn her into a princess. On the eve of herwedding, Buttercup is kidnapped by a man named Vizzini (Wallace Shawn)and his two hired henchmen, Inigo Montoya (Mandy Patinkin) a skilledswordsman who has promised to avenge his father's death, and the strongbut gentle giant Fezzik (Andre the Giant) who really doesn't know nobetter. While holding Buttercup ransom and fleeing from the site, theydiscover that they are being followed by a mysterious man in a blackmask. He catches up with them soon and the adventure begins as thesemen face off with one another and new revelations are made.Allowing for the story to take place through this narrative style wasone of the better decisions because it gave the film its unique dreamystyle and it wasn't necessary to deliver realistic visuals. It was allpart of the fantasy, although I would've preferred less interruptions,but I guess they had to give Fred Savage and Peter Falk some morelines. The relationship between Elwes and Wright was believable, but itdidn't stand out because it was too familiar. However, they were boththe perfect casting choice for these roles. It was Mandy Patinkin asInigo Montoya who stole the movie for me. I absolutely loved hischaracter and the sword fighting scene was the highlight of the moviefor me. It included a brilliant homage to Douglas Fairbanks (which I'msure gave someone the idea that Elwes would be the perfect choice tospoof his Robin Hood character in a later movie). Montoya was probablythe inspiration for Antonio Banderas as well when he was cast to playthe Zorro. This character has become an icon and he was the savinggrace of the film for me. The rest of the characters were OK, but hestood out. The exception and I think I'm in the minority here wasVizzini. I found Wallace Shawn's portrayal of him rather irritating andI couldn't stand him. There is also a hilarious scene with BillyCrystal playing a miracle doctor, who you'd only recognize due to hisvoice because he is heavily covered in make up to look like an old man.The Princess Bride had its strong moments, but somehow I never managedto fall in love with the fantasy and wouldn't consider it one ofReiner's best films. It does prove however what a versatile director heis because the film is very different from his other works. I'm still abit shocked that the film is so widely loved, but I can't argue itisn't a good movie. http://estebueno10.blogspot.com/