Legend would probably get, on the 10/10 vote scoring, a full 9/10 forthe sheer "plastic" quality of the picture. Plastic, I mean, in thepurely technical and, damn if I say it, magic of the special effectsand design. Even when it should be too sickeningly sweet and innocent,or perhaps on the flip-side too dark and hellish, director Ridley Scottand his production team of designers and art decorators and effects menand costume and creature designers (main one 'Thing' creator Rob Bottinon one of his very best jobs) make this delightful to look at. Scottdid accomplish one thing, if nothing else, which was to recreate withsets and actors and make-up the experience of reading fairy tales orwatching a Disney movie. It is one of the director's best-lookingpictures, and that is saying something for the former productiondesigner's films like Alien and Blade Runner. On that front, it's notonly exemplary of what can be done with both imagination and(rightfully laid) homage but what can look almost ahead of its time.This being said, the story and especially the dialog would get a 5/10.Maybe I just can't speak for myself in finding the characters not veryengrossing aside from the sheer conventionality placed in the perilbetween light and dark, Jack (Tom Cruise) vs. Darkness (an awesomedevil played by Tim Curry), gnomes and trolls vs. gargoyles and biggaloots. The writing is so stuck in simple terms (which for some maywork) that it's hard to look past the fact that it is, straight up anddown, a pure feat of style over substance. And it's HIGH style, thelikes of which give a good name for style and technical prowess,against so-so substance that could be found in any picture book. Thisgoes without saying that Jerry Goldsmith's score (included, thankfully,on the director's cut) fits in very well even when such characters arespeaking without much interest, and rises some scenes to emotionalheights. But the script, with some bits of exception, lacks the sparkof soul needed for great fantasy, and what a director like Jim Henson-working at the same time on Dark Crystal and Labyrinth- understoodintuitively.By the end, it's a wonderful marvel that, perhaps, wasn't entirelymeant for me as a section of the audience. In my 20's now this was thefirst time I had seen any version of the film, and yet even with myreservations I could see the film playing very well for young childrenready for the bright, sweet innocent side and cold, grim,brimstone-laden dark side (look ye elsewhere for grays), and if one istotally obsessed with fairy-tale fantasy it might strike even asgreater. It's a pleasant experience that's magnificent to see (it'sdefinitely *made* for a giant theatrical screen), however lacking insome ways that keep it from true brilliance.