1978's Grease, in many eyes, is a classic film. It is adored by allages, and it seemingly passes down from generation to generation withlove. This is one of the first movies I remember that have a sense ofnostalgia. This movie plays well with the baby boomers because ithearkens back to the 1950's, when love was swamped in innocence. Thismovie got the feel of the 1950's correct, I have been told. Theclothing, the background music, the charm, the acting, and the overalllook of the movie. The actual songs are 1970's rock'n'roll style, andthey are wonderful songs. The tone of the movie is upbeat, fun, andinnocent. It may be somewhat predictable, but the movie itself was madewell.There are a variety of reasons why I enjoy this movie. From theinterpretation of the 1950's lifestyle to the wonderful tunes to thethemes of true love-all of it elevates this movie into 'classic'territory. However, I am irked by a few things though. Mainly the ageof the cast. Don't get me wrong, I think the performances arewonderful, but I despise when movies cast people in their late 20's orearly 30's to play teenagers. Now some films can get away with it, butnot Grease. You can tell that the people in the cast are not teenagers.Check out these ages at the time of movie release. John Travolta was24, Olivia Newton-John was 30, and Stockard Channing was 34!!! But whoam I to complain. This movie gave Travolta and Newton-John the careerboost they needed.As for the story, it's nothing new. The story is one that has been toldto death, but it is all about how a story is told that can make orbreak a movie. This love story was told with a passion thanks to thehigh-spirited screenplay from Bronte Woodard and the energizingdirection from Randall Kleiser. This musical starts off at a Californiabeach in 1959. Complete opposite personalities have fallen in love.Greaser Danny Zuko (John Travolta) and an Australian chick Sandy Olsson(Olivia-Newton John). After a summer romance expecting not to see eachother again, both of them attend Rydell High unbeknownst to each other.They do their own things at first. Danny is a leader of a gang ofgreasers called the T-Birds and Sandy joins the Pink Ladies, led by thecharming Rizzo (Stockard Channing). When they run in to each other forthe first time, Sandy realizes Danny is a different man from the oneshe met at the beach. But will that stop her from getting back withDanny? Well, just watch the movie! Despite my concerns on the ages ofthe cast, I cannot deny how effective the performances are. Inparticular, John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John. Travolta eventuallybecame a major movie star, thanks to this movie. He knows how to singand dance very well for an actor. It seems like he models his characteroff Elvis Presley. With the hairstyle and the black leather jacket, heseems to be Elvis-lite. He exerts fantastic chemistry withOlivia-Newton John. She also sang very well and her performance as thenew girl in town is excellent. I liked the supporting cast very much.Stockard Channing did a solid job as the sex-happy leader of the PinkLadies. Jeff Conaway as Danny's right-hand man, Kenickie. There aresome veteran cast members who did a fine job particularly Eve Arden asPrincipal McGee and Sid Caesar as Coach Calhoun.I was most impressed with Grease. I remember seeing it as a little kidand enjoying the music. But as a young adult, it resonates with mebecause it reminds me of my high school days. The music is great andmost of these songs will stick in your brain for a lifetime. Suchnumbers to keep an eye out for are "Hopelessly Devoted To You," and"You're The One That I Want." The former song actually went on to benominated for an Oscar. This film is all about song and dance. Two ofmy favorite sequences include the ballroom dance scene which was beingfilmed for national television and it features some slick dance moves.My other favorite scene is the ending dance sequence at the school'scarnival. Very fun! On the whole, this film is upbeat, sweet, and afilm to remember.My Grade: A-