I have been waiting for the right time to review this film. I did not feeluntil today that I was truly ready to say all I had to say about directorRob Reiner's unforgettable staple of 1980s pop culture. When I first sawThePrincess Bride, I was only 7 years old, and hardly cognizant of film asanything but a pastime. While I remember the movie as being enjoyable, Ididnot have anywhere near as strong a liking or appreciation for it as I donow. I certainly did not remember the film as a theater-going experience,and recently, I got the chance to view it, on the big screen, with atleastfifty others in attendance at a midnight screening.Personally, I am one of those people who, by nature, absorbs memorablequotes, and by that token, the entirety of The Princess Bride is fairgame.As I sat there watching, I could always hear somebody, if not more thanoneperson, at least whispering along with the movie under his or her breath.Meanwhile, I noticed that there was a wide disparity of age groups. Therewere pre-teens, teens, people in their twenties, thirties, and some thatlooked well past forty. If the showing had not been at midnight, I do notdoubt that there would have been pre-pre-teens as well.With a screenplay written by William Goldman (based on his book), ThePrincess Bride is a classic, familiar story of a princess, her true love,and the forces that come between them. As is evidenced by those inattendance, this is a story for all ages. The manner in which thisfairytalepart of the story is executed by Goldman and Reiner is memorable enough tomake this a great film. As any fan of the movie will tell you, however, itis the film's whimsical, irreverent, pervasive tongue-in-cheek antics thatmake it an unqualified masterpiece.If you hang around people who love this film, do not be surprised if theyreact to unbelievable situations with the exclamation, "Inconceivable!"Likewise, if you tell them to just wait a minute, don't be thrown abackwhenthey suddenly sport a Spanish accent in saying, "I hate waiting." And ifyousuddenly, from out of nowhere, hear, "Hello.my name is Inigo Montoya.youkilled my father.prepare to die," don't worry. It's not your fault, andyou're not going to die.While The Princess Bride has the sort of satirical edge more gearedtowardsadults, the film is equally effective as a pure fairytale, and for thisreason, there is a little something for everyone. In addition, the filmenacts a self-referential tribute to the power and beauty of fairytalestories, even in the current age in which many consider them archaic andobsolete.A sick grandson (Fred Savage), who is spending his time mindlessly playingvideo games (of the nostalgic Atari 8-bit type), gets a visit from hisgrandfather (portrayed through a wonderful performance from Peter Falk).Tothe grandson's dismay, his elder has brought a book to read to him. Whenheexpresses disapproval at his grandfather's old-fashioned ways, thegrandfather's response is, "When I was your age, television was calledbooks." Even this quote stands out as resonant and memorable.The grandson starts out expressing skepticism and boredom, but of course,asthe reading of the story progresses, this gradually gives way tocaptivationand praise. Buttercup (Robin Wright, in her breakthrough role) is afair-haired, stunningly gorgeous maiden who has been engaged to the smug,cowardly Humperdinck (Chris Sarandon), the prince who rules over the landofFlorin. She of course does not love him, and she has been without joysinceher true love, a farm boy named Wesley (Cary Elwes), was reportedlymurderedon the seas.Of course, without Wesley, there is no story of true love, and we knowthathe must miraculously return to her someday. This happens through anextraordinary, and increasingly hilarious, set of circumstances. A groupofthree bandits kidnap Buttercup with the intent of killing her toprecipitatea war between Florin and its enemy, Guilder. These three are (in order ofincreasing stature) the intellectually pompous Vizzini (Wallace Shawn),theSpanish swordsman Inigo (Mandy Patinkin), and the big-hearted slow-wittedgiant Fezzik (the late Andre the Giant, in one of the most no-brainercasting decisions in all of film history).During the kidnapping, however, a mysterious man in black closes in on thetrail of the three abductors, and it is this man who takes on each of thethree one by one in battles of skill, strength, smarts, and of course,deliciously witty repartee. There is something unusually extraordinaryaboutthese battles, however.With the exception of Vezzini, the abductors are not villains as we mightinitially perceive them to be. The marvelously choreographed swordplaybetween the man in black and Inigo, and the hilarious absurdity of thehandfight with Fezzik, are not at all about winning or losing. They embodyasense of honor, sportsmanship, and nobility that is rarely exemplified incompetition (both fictional and real).Inigo, Fezzik, and the man in black do not display their skillspretentiously or flauntingly. Instead, they take a strong sense of innerpride in the subtle mastery of their arts. As a result, when we see themengage in competition, there is not a sense of enmity, but a wonderful airof camaraderie.Also included in the mix are a sadistic count (Christopher Guest) with anodd physical characteristic and a penchant for pain, an albino (Mel Smith)with a stuffy throat, the deadly wrath of an R.O.U.S., and a clergyman(Peter Cook) who makes Elmer Fudd seem eloquently spoken. Most memorable,perhaps, is the appearance of Billy Crystal and Carol Kane as themiracle-man Max and his wife. It has been reported that in the middle offilming this scene, Reiner was forced to leave the set, because Crystal'simprovisations were causing him to laugh to the point of beingsick.Regarding the film's casting, every single choice, without exception, isabsolute perfection. Cary Elwes not only easily looks the part of adaring,ingenious hero, but as an actor, he has an incredible gift for a subtlemixture of drama and comedy, one that easily coincides with the film'ssensibilities. Robin Wright easily essays the role of the headstrongprincess, endlessly devoted to her love (with a convincing British accent,despite her American origins).For the scene of swordplay, Elwes and Patinkin had to study fencing formonths, which is impressive, but on-screen, I had no trouble believingthatthey were characters who had studied for at least several years. Despitehislimited acting ability, wrestler Andre the Giant is perfect for the roleofFezzik, and something would be lost with any other actor in his place. Andof course, Wallace Shawn is endlessly amusing to watch as the diminutive,perpetually exasperated Vezzini.We also don't have to hear Christopher Guest and Chris Sarandon speak anylines to know they are portraying villains. The arrogance, callousness,andsliminess are readily apparent in their facial and bodilyexpressions.When all is said and done, we have witnessed a wide variety of hilarity,captivating acts of love and heroism, and of course, one of the mostsatisfying acts of retribution ever put on film (one that immortalizes thefilm's most famous quote and chooses just the right time and placement forthe film's sole swear word).For someone who watches this film for the first time, and quickly catchesonto the film's capricious mix of reverence and satire, the film is a marvelto watch simply for the knowledge that you do not know what will comenext.Will there be a touching moment? A reflective one? An act of bravado? Orwill our expectations be subverted in an act of comical subterfuge? Theanswer: any of them will do, as the film has a delectable variety of allofthem.From start to finish, The Princess Bride is a transcendent, magicalexperience that constantly elicits uproarious laughter and simultaneouslyimmerses the audience in a rich, magnificent, and almost nostalgic worldoffolklore that, after the end credits roll, seems timeless and undying. Inthe years since its release in 1987, it has grown into a cult film oflegendary status, and judging by the wide variety of ages I witnessed atthescreening (as well as the endless barrage of quoting), it seems perfectlyreasonable to assume that the film will endure for many years tocome.