"Casablanca" remains Hollywood's finest moment, a film that succeeds onsuch a vast scale not because of anything experimental or deliberatelyearthshaking in its design, but for the way it cohered to andreaffirmed the movie-making conventions of its day. This is the filmthat played by the rules while elevating the form, and remains thetouchstone for those who talk about Hollywood's greatness.It's the first week in December, 1941, and in the Vichy-controlledAfrican port city of Casablanca, American ex-pat Rick Blaine runs a ginjoint he calls "Rick's Cafe Americaine." Everybody comes to Rick's,including thieves, spies, Nazis, partisans, and refugees trying to maketheir way to Lisbon and, eventually, America. Rick is a tough, sourkind of guy, but he's still taken for a loop when fate hands him twosudden twists: A pair of unchallengeable exit visas, and a woman namedIlsa who left him broken-hearted in Paris and now needs him to help herand her resistance-leader husband escape.Humphrey Bogart is Rick and Ingrid Bergman is Ilsa, in roles that arearchetypes in film lore. They are great parts besides, verymultilayered and resistant to stereotype, and both actors give careerperformances in what were great careers. He's mad at her for walkingout on him, while she wants him to understand her cause, but there's alot going on underneath with both, and it all spills out in a scene inRick's apartment that is one of many legendary moments."Casablanca" is a great romance, not only for being so supremelyentertaining with its humor and realistic-though-exotic wartimeexcitement, but because it's not the least bit mushy. Take the wayRick's face literally breaks when he first sees Ilsa in his bar, or howhe recalls the last time he saw her in Paris: "The Germans wore gray,you wore blue." There's a real human dimension to these people thatmakes us care for them and relate to them in a way that belies thepassage of years.For me, and many, the most interesting relationship in the movie isRick and Capt. Renault, the police prefect in Casablanca who is playedby Claude Rains with a wonderful subtlety that builds as the filmprogresses. Theirs is a relationship of almost perfect cynicism,one-liners and professions of neutrality that provide much humor, aswell as give a necessary display of Rick's darker side before and afterIlsa's arrival.But there's so much to grab onto with a film like this. You can talkabout the music, or the way the setting becomes a living character withits floodlights and Moorish traceries. Paul Henreid is often looked atas a bit of a third wheel playing the role of Ilsa's husband, but hemanages to create a moral center around which the rest of the filmoperates, and his enigmatic relationship with Rick and especially Ilsa,a woman who obviously admires her husband but can't somehow ever bringherself to say she loves him, is something to wonder at.My favorite bit is when Rick finds himself the target of an entreaty bya Bulgarian refugee who just wants Rick's assurance that Capt. Renaultis "trustworthy," and that, if she does "a bad thing" to secure herhusband's happiness, it would be forgivable. Rick flashes on Ilsa,suppresses a grimace, tries to buy the woman off with a one-liner ("Goback to Bulgaria"), then finally does a marvelous thing that sets thewhole second half of the film in motion without much calling attentionto itself.It's not fashionable to discuss movie directors after Chaplin andbefore Welles, but surely something should be said about MichaelCurtiz, who not only directed this film but other great features like"Captain Blood" and "Angels With Dirty Faces." For my money, his"Adventures Of Robin Hood" was every bit "Casablanca's" equal, and heeven found time the same year he made "Casablanca" to make "YankeeDoodle Dandy." When you watch a film like this, you aren't so muchaware of the director, but that's really a testament to Curtiz'sartistry. "Casablanca" is not only exceptionally well-paced butincredibly well-shot, every frame feeling well-thought-out andlegendary without distracting from the overall story.Curtiz was a product of the studio system, not a maverick like Wellesor Chaplin, but he found greatness just as often, and "Casablanca,"also a product of the studio system, is the best example. It's a filmthat reminds us why we go back to Hollywood again and again when wewant to refresh our imaginations, and why we call it "the dreamfactory." As the hawker of linens tells Ilsa at the bazaar, "You won'tfind a treasure like this in all Morocco." Nor, for that matter, in allthe world.