"Grease" is the word! I never get tired of seeing it. It's so full of1950's charm and humor and yet, it has a special something '70's aboutit. John Travolta is fine as Danny, but Olivia Newton-John is reallythe heart and soul of this film as Sandy. She is utterly charming andvery photogenic as Travolta's summer love who winds up at his highschool for senior year. Some of the songs from the Broadway originalwere retained for this movie and are well filmed ("Summer Nights","Look At Me, I'm Sandra Dee", "Greased Lightning", "We Go Together"etc.). Other songs ("You're The One That I Want", "Hopelessly DevotedTo You", "Sandy" and "Grease") were written especially for this filmand are most certainly pleasant additions ("You're The One That IWant", in particular, is an absolute knockout!). "Grease" is awonderful movie that really deserves the privilege of not only being1978's highest grossing film, but of also being the highest grossingmovie musical of all time. Now, for creasemccann's idiotic April 14th,2005 comment from Ireland calling the film "Grease" racist. Um, Racist?When so many African Americans have Irish surnames? No offense totoday's Irishmen (or African Americans), but I wonder if creasemccannremembers which nationality Scarlett O'Hara's pa was? Also,creasemccann wrote that there were only two Black students seen in"Grease" (while Rizzo is singing the song about her pregnancy) and thencontradicted himself/herself by asking why couldn't there have beenBlack students seen (at all) in this film. He/She also wrote that inthe film, Danny's grandparent's came from Italy. Where in this film isthat? The movie "Grease" is evidently a film about White teenagers inthe 1950's just as "West Side Story" is a film about White and Hispanicteenagers in the 1950's and "The Wiz" is a film about African Americanpeople in the 1970's. Are "West Side Story" and "The Wiz" racist films?NO, and neither is "Grease"! Does creasemccann think that Ireland makesmusicals with Blacks in them? For that matter, does creasemccann thinkthat Ireland makes musicals? In the future, I would hope thatcreasemccann would keep off of this board and stay quiet on his/herEmerald Isle !