This is such stuff as dreams are made of ; this is Legend . Jack (TomCruise , though Johnny Depp, Robert Downey Jr. and Jim Carrey were allconsidered for this character) and his partners such as Screwball(Billy Barty) , Blunder (Kiran Shah) and Gump (David Bennet , recentlyhis Tin Drum) are disposed to do everything to save the world andrescue princess Lili (Mia Sara) who Darkness intends to make his wifefrom the hands of this evil devil . A young man must stop the Lord ofDarkness , the personification of evil , from both destroying daylightand marrying the young girl (Mia Sara was only 15 during the filming ofLegend , she was actually born in 1967, so she was 15 in 1982, which iswhen production for the film began) he loves . There appears demons ,Elfs , Unicorns , fairy , and goblin as Blix (played by Alice Playtenwhose face was designed after that of Keith Richards of The RollingStones) . As Darkness (Ridley Scott was inspired to cast Tim Curry asDarkness after seeing The Rocky Horror Picture Show , he had alsoconsidered casting Richard O'Brien as Meg Mucklebones) plans to spreadeternal night in the land where this tale takes place , by killingevery unicorn (the sound of the unicorns at play is actually arecording of humpback whales) in Earth .This breathtaking film contains imagination , magic , thrills , fantasy, adventure and many other things . This is an incredible fantasticmovie which features elves , fairies , dwarfs and other mythicalcreatures . Ridley Scott drew most of his inspiration for "Legend" fromthe 1946 version of ¨Belle and the Beast¨, as well as such Disneyanimated classics as ¨Snow White¨ , ¨Fantasy¨ and ¨Bambi¨. Impressiveproduction , the production was filmed on the Pinewood Studio soundstage that had been originally created for ¨The spy who loved me¨ .However , filming was interrupted twice, firstly by the studio burningto the ground and secondly, by the death of Tom Cruise's father.Composer Jerry Goldsmith's original score was removed by the studioafter the first round of test screenings. In an effort to appeal to"the kids", executives commissioned Tangerine Dream to create areplacement. Until 2002, Goldsmith's original score was heard only withthe film's European release. Special mention to brilliant and colorfulcinematography by Alex Thomson .Ridley Scott admits that comments made by some pot-smoking attendees ata screening got the director second-guessing himself, and influencedhim to cut the film from 150 minutes to 98. The director's cut revealsan alternative ending where Jack remains in the forest and Lily goeshome alone with plans to see him again soon. The motion picture wasmarvelous and glamorously directed by Ridley Scott , at his best and asstylish as ever , similarly his previous film ¨Someone to watch overme¨ and others as ¨Blade runner¨, ¨Black rain¨ , in which his visualstyle is impressive as well as his speciality ,the historical genre ,as ¨Robin Hood¨ , ¨Kingdom of heaven¨ , ¨Duelists¨ and ¨Black Hawkdown¨ . Rating : Above average . Essential and indispensable watchingfor Ridley Scott followers