"Grease" starts out with Danny Zuko (John Travolta) and Sandy Olsson(Olivia Newton-John), the two main characters. The two of them are atthe beach alone for summer vacation, and they start to fall in love.After the summer was over, Sandy had to back home to Australia. Butafter they leave the beach thinking they would never see each otheragain, Sandy's parents decide to stay in the United States. Sandy andDanny end up at the same high school, but neither of them knows it atfirst. Danny Zuko was part of a gang called the 'T-Birds,' and Sandystarted hanging with a group of girls called the 'Pink Ladies.' (The'T-Birds' and the 'Pink Ladies' were all friends.) Sandy decides tobecome a cheerleader, and on the night of the big bonfire the 'PinkLadies' decide to get Sandy and Danny to meet each other. Although itturns out that Danny isn't the same person that he was at the beach. Atthe beach, he was a loving and caring person, but at school he ispopular and has to keep his reputation in front of his friends andSandy wishes that she would have never met Danny at all. But after awhile, Danny realizes how Sandy feels and he starts to change. Sandystarted to date a jock on the football team and Danny started to becomejealous, and he tries to become a jock. The coach tries wrestling,basketball, baseball, and track. None of them were really suiting forDanny, so he gave up. Sandy was still into Danny and she tells him thatshe wasn't going to the dance with Tom, the jock she was dating, ifDanny wanted to go with her. Danny decides to go with her and theystart dating again. After they decide to date again, they went on adate to the drive-in-movies, and Danny gives Sandy his ring and triesto take advantage of her and she leaves him again. But, they end upgoing to the dance together; this dance was the American BandstandDance-off. Danny ends up dancing with Cha-Cha and Sandy is jealous.Danny and Cha-Cha wins the dance-off. After a while, Sandy forgivesDanny and they get back together again. The end of the school yearapproaches and the gang graduates, and Danny and Sandy are together forgood.The story line and the acting in the movie were great. I think thatthis movie really affected many of the popular high school groups intoday's high schools. Many young girls and boys act like Danny andSandy. Through my high school career, I've seen many fellow studentswho have similar experiences like the film "Grease". Overall, the moviewas great and I would recommend this movie to others, it really gives apicture of what are parents did in high school, and we could possiblylearn from them.