There's the original version, released in 1986 and on videotape, andthe 2002 Director's Cut, available on DVD. The latter version is one ofmy all-time favorite movies. It compares quite favorably with PeterJackson's "Lord of the Rings" and is a modern classic.The theatrical release of 1986, shamefully butchered (chopped up andbadly re-edited) by the mindless suits at Warner, and with its originalJerry Goldsmith score replaced by the rather trite Tangerine Dreamsoundtrack, is the version most people have seen. It was released onvideotape as a children's movie. What it is, and was intended to be, isa fairy tale for adults. In fact, it's too intense for really youngchildren.It's hard to say that the '86 version deserves any more than the "6"it's rated at on its IMDb main page. It is a disappointment, primarilybecause it's now impossible to watch without think how much better itcould be. The feeling and tone of the film were ruined by itstreatment.The Ridley Scott Director's Cut, released in 2002, is a completelydifferent movie. If you haven't seen this version, you haven't seen themovie. It deserves a score of 9 or 10. It doesn't look like a movie made 20 years ago. Scenes which are vitalto the tone of the film and the meaning of the story have beenrestored. The sumptuous original soundtrack, recorded with a fullorchestra, has also been restored, and this adds more to the film thancan be put into words. About the performances: A very young Tom Cruise is excellent as thehero. Tim Curry as the Lord of Darkness is awesome; his costume andvoice alone are worth the cost of renting or buying the DVD. Mia Sarais absolutely stunning as Lily. She actually plays two differentversions of her character, both wonderfully. This was her first role, arisk for Scott on such a big budget film, and she turned in theperformance of her career. She's never been better, or looked morebeautiful, than in this movie. The elves and fairies, both good andevil, are incredibly real-looking and believable. The costumes areperfect, and the sets are breathtaking, literally. One of the largestindoor sets ever constructed - a huge fantasy forest - was built forthis movie.If you haven't seen this version, rent it. If you have kids, buy it forthem; they'll watch it over and over. My daughter and her friends watchit repeatedly, she's probably seen it 50 times.