Cary Elwes, Mandy Patinkin, and Robin Wright Penn star in this classicfairytale entitled The Princess Bride. It is based on a novel by WilliamGoldman,who also wrote the screenplay. Director Rob Reiner brings life to thisstoryand effectively evokes the enchanting spirit of the witty 1973 novel.The movie opens with a sick boy (Fred Savage) who receives a visit fromhisgrandfather (Peter Falk) who intends to read to him from his favoritebook.The boy is not exactly pleased to be distracted from his world of videogames. However, his mood quickly changes as he and the viewer aretransported to a place out of time. We are taken to Florin, a kingdom inanimaginary land, complete with dashing heroes, cowardly princes, rhyminggiants, rodents of unusual size, fancy swordfights, and yes . . . evensomekissing.This fairy tale begins on a farm in the countryside. There lives abeautiful, young woman named Buttercup (Robin Wright Penn) who learns that"as you wish" really means "I love you" when she falls for her farmhandWestley (Cary Elwes). While trying to seek his fortune, Westley disappearsat sea and becomes an apparent victim of the Dread Pirate Roberts. A fewyears later, Buttercup, who is now engaged to Prince Humperdinck (ChrisSarandon), is kidnapped by a trio of misfits, which includesbrains--Vizzini(Wallace Shawn); brawn--Fezzik (André the Giant); and sword--Inigo Montoya(Mandy Patinkin). As they sail away toward the Cliffs of Insanity, theynotice the pursuit of a man in black. Now begins the adventure . . . .The central idea of The Princess Bride is that true love can conquer all.Throughout the movie, there are many hardships and trials that true lovemust endure. The movie keeps the viewer guessing until the very endwhetheror not there will be the classic fairy tale ending.This movie is appealing to me because of the classic fairy tale stylecombined with the witty humor, well choreographed action sequences, andintense instances of suspense. The characters are well developed and alltheactors give an amazing performance which adds to the overall appeal of themovie. The Princess Bride is easily one of my all time favoritemovies.