"Here's looking at you, kid.""This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.""I don't stick my neck out for nobody.""Round up the usual suspects.""I'm shocked, SHOCKED, to find that gambling is going on in here!""Did you abscond with the church funds?""We'll always have Paris."These are just some of the lines from this movie which have made theirway into our lexicon. Of course, I did save the most famous one forlast: "Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, shewalks into mine."Welcome to "Casablanca", regarded as one of the most popular movies ofall time. I know, I know, everybody says that, but it's true. Whenpeople criticize movies today, Casablanca is usually one of the "go-to"films they turn to when they say "They don't make 'em like they usedto."And, they would be correct.Ask any woman to name her top-five most romantic movies, and"Casablanca" will likely show up on her list. And when it comes tomovie romances, men's eyes usually glaze over at the mere mention ofthem. Well, I am here to tell you there is plenty to keep a man'sattention in this film and, in the end, he may actually walk away in anon-catatonic state.First, you have Humphrey Bogart as Rick Blaine, owner and proprietor ofRick's Café Americain in the city of Casablanca. An expatriatedAmerican, Rick is a cynic whose establishment is just this side ofillegal, yet he manages to stay in business and make a good living atit. And besides, it's Bogey!Then there's Claude Rains as the local chief of police, Louis Renault.Captain Renault is slippery as an eel, especially when it comes todealing with those in authority above him. He's also inquisitive,intelligent, and hypocritical.Up next are the Nazis. Morocco was French territory in 1941, and theGermans occupied France during that time. Here, they are presented asambitious warmongers bent on world domination (and that would becorrect). With the Nazis around, there is an inbred conflict from theget-go, as Casablanca is portrayed as a hub for the French Resistanceduring World War II. I should also point out that this is the earliestAmerican film I know of that not only uses the term "concentrationcamp" by name, but it also suggests that people have died within them.Throw in a murder or two, and you have the makings of a good film-noir.Okay, so "film-noir" officially sprang up after World War II, but itstill feels like one. The camera angles, shot composition, lighting,use of shadow, a brooding leading man (Bogart), and a tormented femmefatale (Ingrid Bergman) all add up toward the formula.All of this is capped off with sardonic wit and tight drama, signs of awell-written script (which, interestingly enough, was cobbled togetherright up to the very end of filming). Also, the timing of this movie iswhat made it such a hit. It ranks right up there with "On theWaterfront" (1954), "The China Syndrome" (1979), "Guess Who's Coming toDinner" (1967), "In the Heat of the Night" (1967), and "The DeerHunter" (1978) in terms of topicality within the society of the day.So, you men out there, when your woman suggests watching "Casablanca",throw some popcorn in the microwave. Trust me, you'll be able to sitthrough this one!