Ridley Scotts' fallen masterpiece "Legend" has, in it's own rite,become one of the most infamous, if not fascinating, legacies inHollywood. In 1984, Ridley Scott, director of the famed sci-fi "Alien",set out to tell a defining fairy tale. Once he was joined by writerWilliam Hjortsberg, the duo started off on a creative journey toconjure what would become the beloved film "Legend". The film wasfurther more given the appropriate elements for the general fairy tale.The Princess, the Hero, the Villain, the Goblins, the Fairies, and theother magical characters and creatures such as the Unicorns andHoneythorn Gump. Seeing as the film is intended to be a definitivefairy tale, this would also mean tracing the modern genre back to its'roots, Grim style. Indeed, the completed product was pure in it's wovenfables. Just as it is tender, and bright, is it also dark, surreal,nightmarish, and ultimately entrancing. More of the film deals with theovershadow of darkness in the magical land. A proper way to show thesudden switch from light and happy, to dark and fearsome indeed.In the story, we have the world, happy, beautiful, completelycompelling in its' own nature. The dark truth lies within its' ownreality. Darkness once ruled the world, but has since retreated intothe lower levels of the earth, to groan and complain of times in abetter existence. The world is happy, because the Unicorn, a very dear,and sacred animal, rules the land. These gorgeous creatures know onlylove and laughter, and thusly, protect the world from evil. They areattracted to one element in man kind, innocence. Princes Lily is pureat heart, as well as mind and spirit. Her soul friend, Jack, leads herto the creatures, as a gesture of love and affection. Quiteunfortunately, however, the Lord Darkness has sent his own army afterthe creatures too. Once both sides are at the right place, and thewrong time, the Unicorns are harmed, and the earth, in danger. Thusbegins a journey full of action, adventure, and suspense.Tom Cruise has only performed well in this one film, for me anyway. Heis actually quite affective, and believable as the hero Jack. He showsboth strength and bravery, to contrast with confusion and fear of theunknown. Very plausible indeed. Mia Sara is so gorgeous, naive, andpure as the Princess. Her characteristics consist of a blind ambition,love stricken playfulness, and of course, Innocence. Never, has thisgenre seen such a perfect portrayal. Now, Tim Curry turns in one hellof a performance. Thanks to modern film-making, Curry is a frightening,disgusting, and yet sexual portrayal of ultimate Darkness. The threestars are all mixed together in a real Fairy Tale, with a message atthe end. (note, this message is only seen in the 2002 restoredDirectors Cut).I do not feel the need to bring up the controversy that ensued theprincipal photography, as it is well known by fans and film buffs ofall kind. What I can say, is that Ridley Scott was certainly determinedto give us the product of his imagination. That said, he gave us a realfantasy. he has given us a real story of magic,, love, hate,adventure,and all kinds of elements that create what a film like this should be.One thing to truly be mentioned, however, is the late Jerry Goldsmith.This master at film composition of the musical persuasion, gave us hisultimate best, and that was being generous and forgetting about gettingstabbed in the back during the processing of "Alien". Again, the greatmusician was tricked, and his beautiful score was thrown out the windowfrom US versions, leaving the film to sugary and sappy. Even worse,important scenes were cut, leaving much of the film uneven andseemingly rushed. Sad enough, this kind of treatment happened a yearearlier with 1984's "Supergirl". Fortunately, however, we were giventhe true version of the film in mid 2002, and rightly so. The film hassince then, been seen, and loved by fans as myself, who loved it wayback when....as well as now.The best I can say, is that this movie has a full blown mastermind toit, and the producers and creators etc finally gave the film justice.Same happened with "Supergirl" in 2000. Bottom line, this film isbrilliant, and touching, and an ever- glorious masterpiece!