The Princess Bride is celebrating its thirtieth anniversary this yearand is still considered a timeless classic. Its mix of fairy taleadventure and comedy makes it a perfect film that both kids and adultscan enjoy. However, all that nostalgic glitter can't hide a mix ofsubpar acting, characters, and directing choices. The characters of The Princess Bride are the usual fairy talecharacters you grew up on as a kid. There's the swashbuckling heroWestley and his damsel in distress Buttercup (still one of the worstcharacter names in film), a gallery of rogues, and the dastardly king.We are immediately attached to these characters because of theirspecific traits that help them stand out. However, each character onlyhas one trait that they exhibit, making them very one dimensional andpredictable.The plot of the film is just as familiar as the characters. It'spredictable, which isn't a bad thing here since we're all accustomed toclassic fairy tales about true love. Buttercup and Westley fall inlove, but Westley must go away to work. He is soon presumed dead andButtercup goes into a deep depression. The king takes an interest inher and makes her his queen even though there is no love between them.Soon she is kidnapped by rogues in a plot to plunge two rival kingdomsinto war.The one thing that stands out in this film from others is that it takesplace entirely inside of the book The Princess Bride (the same one thefilm is based on). In the real world, a young boy is sick in bed andhis grandfather comes over to read him the story. He immediatelyexclaims his dislike of fairy tales, but his attitude slowly changes asthe story continues. We as the audience are like the kid, immediatelypessimistic about another fairytale movie, but then come around toappreciate the film for its charm and wit.It's not hard to tell that the theme of here is that true love willconquer all. It's heavily present and is the only thing that keeps thestory going, but what else do you expect from a fantasy film with anevil king who has taken someone's love hostage.I feel that both parents and kids can enjoy this film, especiallyparents today that grew up watching it as a child. There are a fewjokes that are purely aimed at adults that will go over kids heads, butmost are family friendly and offer some genuine laughs. Director Rob Reiner makes a fantasy film that ages well compared toother films in the same genre and timeframe. The jokes are still prettyfresh thirty years later and the practical effects aren't embarrassing.While Reiner perfected the preservation of this film, he did noteffectively create a story free of plot holes. Some events in the filmhappen with little to no explanation and some details are glossed overfor the sake of keeping the plot going. I'm starting to think I amnitpicking since this is lighthearted family movie, but it's hard tonot pay attention to such prominent issues. The acting throughout the film is either hit or miss. Cary Elwes asWestley is a highlight as he uses his natural charisma and good looksto create a dashing hero for the audience to root for. Robin Wright asButtercup is the exact opposite of Elwes. She doesn't make a very goodcharacter and becomes a burden to watch. While Westley is the maincharacter, Mandy Patinkin as Inigo Montoya is the clear fan favorite ashe strives to get revenge on the man who killed his father. His famousline "Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare todie." is said close to ten times, but gets better each time he getscloser to completing his mission. André the Giant shines as the gentlegiant (practically portraying himself in real life). Wallace Shawn isalso good as the annoying "Inconceivable!" guy but can be over the topand too annoying by the end of his screen time. The Princess Bride is a family film that will live on for generationsas parents pass it down to their kids. Even though flaws are present,not many films have this great a legacy and can deliver on theoverplayed fairytale genre.