Spoilers Ahead:First, those of you who read my reviews know how hard I am on musicals.I only own this and Oliver. Stop with the moral corruption, Danny putson a letterman sweater and she dresses up like a skank, it is impliedthey will meet somewhere in the middle. First, it moves quickly andOlivia Newton John can sing unlike Michelle Pfeiffer. Second, the storyis funny, please where Danny, the hood tries to be a jock, with violentconsequences? How about where the coach works himself into a latherlike Scarface,"We're gonna take them and rip them then we're gonnaslaughter them?" If you want to appreciate this movie watch the sequelwhich is like water torture. The songs are good: Summer Nights, theElvis like Greased Lightning, Beauty School Dropout? As a philosopher,there is no genre I detest more than musicals; they are not exactlycongruent with searching for truth. Their idealization, like The SoundOf Mucus, is always just so child like and painful. Yes, it has immoralparts but the level of brain dead, Pollyanna, morphine coma land iswonderfully absent. It is crude, I must admit my favorite line is whenCrater Face says to Conway,"Oh yeah, we'll I give you seventy fivecents for the whole car including your chick."It has lots of funny dialog,"Let's hear it for the toilet paper." Themovie's songs only contain one vomit inducer that is: We Go Together;hey, no movie is perfect. Travolta and Newton John play off of eachother well. There is plenty of humor about the straight jackets of theroles of T Birds and Pink Ladies; it even pauses for the serioussong,"That's The Worse Thing I Could Do." No, it is not pure reality,no musical ever is but compared to your typical lobotomy special likeFlashdance it is The Grifters. Young people, that is Sha Na Na a real50's throwback group that was huge in the 80's. If you like real musicfrom the 50's with good songs, a non vomit inducing script free ofpsychosis, like a typical musical, this is the movie for you. Yes, as amoralist, the corruption of Sandy is irritating but remember this isthe 1970's when Belushi and Chase were swinging the decadent wreckingball on all traditional Icons. The script does realistically depict the pain of adolescence, beingimprisoned within roles that control your ability to be spontaneous orhonest. Is it The Breakfast Club? No, but it does have seriousdelineations within the script. Again, when you compare this put itagainst other musicals. It is a paragon of verisimilitude compared tothe detritus that came before. The corruption with the two of themdressing to please the other is always misinterpreted as being onesided. Please, notice, in the same scene Danny has dressed like a totalDweeb to please Sandy. The ending implies that they will existentiallymeet in the middle. Great music, a funny script and a lack of theGarland / Rooney musicals that are suicide inducing. Hello Dolly, itisn't, Thank Heavens! I still love it almost forty years later.