Some of this review was edited due to this site's word limit.Regarding "Casablanca," Roger Ebert wrote in his Great Movies essay,"If we can identify strongly with characters in some movies, then it isno mystery that 'Casablanca' is one of the most popular films of alltime." Add "and one of the most memorable" to that statement. Almostany list you happen to come across of great movies will contain"Casablanca," as it has almost nestled itself firmly into our world'sfoundation. It is what one would call a memorable film. It may not bememorable for the audiences of today who find it boring, long, wearyand tiresome, but it will always be remembered. That isn't somethingyou can say for most movies. In one hundred years, do you think "TheLord of the Rings" trilogy will really - really - be remembered?"Casablanca" is a love story, just as so many other films released tothis day, but upon a viewing two nights ago, I asked myself what setsit apart from the rest. Just what has made it what it is today? Is itthe direction by Michael Cortiz, the chemistry between the actors, orthe actors themselves? Is it the sly side of dark comedy, or just thenostalgia of the film that drives so many viewers? Or perhaps it is thecliffhanger finale (those filming the movie didn't even know what wouldhappen at the end of the film due to constantly changing scripts andthe 1940s Production Code permitting a married woman from leaving herhusband for another man). Even if it isn't, the ending is superb,depressing and uplifting, one of the strangest, saddest, and happiestendings I have ever seen, in which Bogart mutters the famous lastlines, "I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."Bogart plays Rick Blaine, a chain smoker and heavy drinker living inCasablanca, French Morocco, during WWII. During WWII, Europeanimmigrants fled from their homeland down to Africa, in hopes of sailingoff the coast to Portugal, and then to America, land of freedom.Because of this, Casablanca is inhabited by petty thieves, viciousmurderers, and ruthless citizens. Every day a plane leaves from thelocal airport, carrying the precious few with Visa Passes to freedom.Those applying for a Visa Pass on the black market might come incontact with the crook Ugarte (Peter Torre).One night the thief Ugarte visits Rick's bar in Casablanca and asks himto hide two Visa Passes he has acquired by unrespectable means. Rickreluctantly agrees, only to watch Ugarte be taken away by Frenchofficials the same night, in his very bar. "Rick, you have to help me!"he screams as he is dragged away. Rick takes a puff on his cigaretteand remains solid. A bystander says, "Gee, Rick, I hope when they cometo take me away you help me out a little bit more than that!" Rickremains a statue and says, "I stick my neck out for nobody."We can sense Rick was a good guy at one time, but as Marilyn Monroeonce said, he probably "got the fuzzy end of the lollipop." He is tiredof fighting for the good cause. So he maintains his bar and tries notto care about anyone. His piano player Sam (Dooley Wilson) knows thereal Sam, and tries to evoke it, but Sam just sits in silence anddrinks and smokes and lets himself stay drenched in misty smoke.That all remains until Ilsa Lund (Ingrid Bergman) walks through hisdoors. It turns out that Ilsa left Sam and Rick waiting at a trainstation in the rain some time ago in Paris, France, during the Germanoccupation. Rick never saw her since. That night she walks into hisbar, he sits at a table in his joint, and in a mopy tone says, "Of allthe gin joints in all the world, she walks into mine." This is a veryeffective line.Do delve into the plot any further is pointless. Not only will it spoilinteresting tidbits, but it is just plain pointless to explain anymore.But I will say that every frame is handled with care and the extremeclose-ups in this film are amazingly effective. Sergio Leone was knownfor his extreme close-ups, but those in "Casablanca" seem to capture aninnocence of the characters that I have rarely seen equaled in otherfilms.Bogart is at the top of his game in this film, only equaled in "TheMaltese Falcon." Ingrid Bergman is superb, as well, but the supportingcast is equally impressive. Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre, ClaudeRains, Peter Henreid and Dooley Wilson all steal the show - well, maybenot Henreid, but that's because he's not really supposed to. This isthe perfect example of a well-rounded cast. Too often nowadaysattention is paid to the lead actors and not the supporters - this hasboth great leads and great supporters.People often ask me what my favorite film is. And to be frankly honest,it certainly isn't "Casablanca." To me, lists of favorites in rankingorder are pointless and silly - who am I to declare my favorite film,when I have not even seen some of the greatest unknown films out there?If someone asks me to tell them my favorite film I have seen, I usuallysay I don't have one. I still think lists of favorite-ever films aresilly. I have various favorites in various genres, but not an"all-time-favorite." Despite this, "Casablanca" is one of those films that has permeated ourculture. It will never go away. I'm not sure if it's one of my top tenfavorites, but if there is a difference between a favorite film and amost memorable film, "Casablanca" sure does disguise it.