'Legend', The Director's Cut (1985/2002), Unrated, One Hour & 54Minutes --and-- U.S. Theatrical Version (1986), Rated "PG" by the MPAA,One Hour & 30 Minutes. Content includes: Mild Adult Language, Some MildSexual Innuendos, Violence and Some Disturbing Imagery.My Take ** (Out of ****) or 6/10 on the IMDb Scale.'Legend' is triumph of art direction, make-up, costume and set design.It's a great movie to look at, but not much else. That goes for bothversions of the picture, The Director's Cut or the U.S. TheatricalVersion.'Legend' wants to be a mythical fairy tale. It tells of Darkness (TimCurry), a demonic overlord, who has been banished from the world to hisdark kingdom to reign in exile. The world is a beautiful place ofperpetual springtime, complete with sunshine, tweeting birds, pollen inthe air and tree blossoms in abundance. The world is kept pure andprotected by two unicorns who both harbor goodness, truth and light.However, Darkness is plotting his return to the world for a hostiletakeover. If his lackeys can take out the two unicorns, then Darknesswill once again rise to dominate the world. This is not very appealingto Jack (Tom Cruise), a young man who lives in a storybook forest. Jackshares a romance of innocence with the lovely maiden Lily (Mia Sara).When Darkness makes his move for world domination, the world is plungedinto a chaotic dark winter. Darkness kidnaps Lily to corrupt her andmake her his dark bride. It's up to Jack and his motley crew of fairyfriends to put the kabash on Darkness before all hope is lost . . .Sounds like the groundwork for a fun picture, doesn't it?Unfortunately, that's not the case. For as visually arousing as thefilm is, it's highly underdeveloped. 'Legend' is all style, with nosubstance. That's too bad. Everything looks great and the adventurecould have been a really great one too.One problem with 'Legend' is you don't care about anyone or anything init. There's nothing interesting, funny, witty or imaginative about anyof the characters, except for maybe Darkness. We've all seen this kindof story before: Evil is out to vanquish good, the young lad becomes ahero to save the girl and set the wrong things right. It's a timelessstory. No doubt, we'll keep seeing it time and time again. When it'sdone right, we love it. A good example would be the original 'StarWars' (1977). But 'Legend' doesn't do it right. We're not gripped inthe slightest.Tom Cruise as Jack spends a great deal of the picture looking scared orbewildered. Sara Mia, better known as Matthew Broderick's girlfriend in'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' (1986), is an adequate damsel in distress.Naive, but nice. The scene stealer is Tim Curry as Darkness. He looksgreat! He is layered in make-up and paint, but he truly looks like thedevil, complete with gigantic horns, goat ears, red skin, yellow eyes,a Charles Atlas figure and goat legs. Oddly enough, Curry's performanceshines though the latex making Darkness convincing as a sinisterpresence.As indicated, the rest of the characters are fairly one dimensionalclichés from other (& better) fantasy tales. They're only here as plotdevices, completely devoid of any other purpose, to get you through themovie from Point 'A' to Point 'B'. You don't care for them or empathizewith them in any way or about their plight. To make a movie like thiswork, you should at least care about the outcome of it's characters. Ifyou don't, then what's the point of watching it in the first place? The Director's Cut is more whimsical. It's about 24 minutes longer andhas extended dialog with longer scenes. Most notably, this versionfirmly establishes the lovely Lily as a princess, while the Americanversion is decidedly ambiguous about her background. Also notable isLily's singing in the forest and to the unicorns. This is morestorybook like and I suppose this behavior is to be expected ofmaidens.The Director's Cut boasts a lyrical score by Jerry Goldsmith. It'sbeautifully done and serves the storybook aspect of 'Legend' very well.The U.S. version is scored by the rock group Tangerine Dream. What Iliked about this score is that it's a departure from what istraditionally heard in this kind of picture. I thought this score was afresh approach to the 'fairy-tale'/'storybook' genre.Director Ridley Scott has described his director's version of 'Legend'as being the more sophisticated of the two versions. In some ways he'sright. Then again, both versions of the picture are rather muddled andlack coherence or any real direction. Both pictures feel choppy,unrealized and cobbled together from other fantasies minus the sparkthat makes the good ones work in the first place.Does 'Legend' have a saving grace? It's a visual roller-coaster. It'sgreat to look at. It reminds me of fantasy paintings that have come tolife. Too bad that the life we see in the movie is lifeless. If you canget around that fact, then either version of 'Legend' at it's best willbe excellent eye candy with terrific cinema-photography and greatmusic, whether it's Goldsmith or Tangerine Dream as the music provider. In my opinion, The Director's Cut and the U.S. Theatrical Version areon they same par in terms of quality. One is not better then the other.'Legend' isn't that good to begin with. To be fair, it's not badeither. If it wasn't for the film's visual style, there would really beno reason to even consider watching this picture. 'Legend' is a missedopportunity that left me wanting more from it then what I was given . ..