It's impossible to watch a fantasy film nowadays without comparing itto Peter Jackson's LORD OF THE RINGS TRILOGY . In fact even Jackson'sadaptation of THE HOBBIT suffers in comparison with his earliermasterwork . I went in to Ridley Scott's LEGEND not expecting much .It's a film that rather mediocre reviews on its release in 1985 andcemented the director's reputation as an artist only interested invisuals to the detriment of emotion and narrative Certainly on a visual level there's little that can be criticised evenin a cinematic post LOTR world and one can't help thinking that perhapsJackson has borrowed the visual look from Scott when he adapted theTolkien books . There is a subtle difference and that is Scott shoots afew too many medium shots in comparison to Jackson . Jacksonconcentrates on an ambitious sweeping spectacle that shows off the setsand locations to the best of their function where as Scott seems tolack this ambition . This isn't perhaps not a fundamental criticismsince one doubts if Scott was allowed the laissez faire artisticcontrol Jackson was allowed . The New Hollywood attitude of film makinghad ended in near disaster for the studios about three or four yearsearlier and one can understand the studio producers wanting to becharge of a production rather than the director And this is where LEGEND fails . It's a film that gives the impressionthat the producers don't know who to market the film for. LORD OF THERINGS is a rare film that celebrates Aglophile culture where as LEGENDseems to be a film that is trying - and failing to appeal to atrans-Atlantic multiplex audience . Tom Cruise has never been prettierbut seems miscast as a hero who is rather rather wet as opposed toheroic . Likewise the whole file suffers from a lack of focus as to whothe film will appeal to . The somewhat unrealistic nature fantasy basednature of the film won't appeal to a more mature audience while thevery impressive make up and demonic characters will absolutely terrifyyoung children . Interesting too that a common complaint on this pageis the incoherent plotting of the narrative . Quite often I foundmyself asking where the story was heading Insummary this is considered to be one of the weaker films of RidleyScott . By a bitter irony the directing and visual aspects are in factthe best thing about LEGEND which is a film that strikes the audiencethat the audience as being a film that is confused as to its market .Certainly it owes more than a bit to Tolkien but by the same tokenPeter Jackson may very well owe a bit to Ridley Scott