Ridley Scott's "Legend" was released at time when fantasy adventurestories were really taking off. Such films as "The Dark Crystal","Labryinth", "The Never Ending Story" captured the mind and theimagination to many places that can only be dreamed upon. "Legend" wasa bit different than the three fantasy stories that I have mentioned.For one thing, it did not do very well at the box office at the time.The characters were one-note and the story was thinner than a spaghettistring. But there is something that makes "Legend" stand out above therest. It is the fairy-tale atmosphere goes very deep and in the endyou'd be amazed at how well crafted this movie really is. This simplistic story is about Princess Lili (Mia Sara) and herboyfriend Jack-of-the-Green (Tom Cruise) were enjoying a fairytaleatmosphere together. Then all of the sudden, Jack points out to Lilitwo gorgeous unicorns standing together that cross balances the linesbetween good and evil. As a precaution, Jack tell Lili not to touchthem. But Lili's temptation get the best of her as she walks over tothe unicorns, a group of goblins take advantage and successfullyconfiscate the unicorn's horn. Shortly after that, winter comes intoeffect as and the balance is now messed up. Lily and the other unicorn enter a dark world and are held hostage tothe Lord of Darkness' chamber where he becomes smitten by her purityand uses that purity so that she becomes corrupted before destroyingthe last unicorn. Meanwhile Jack joins forces with a group of faeriesto rescue Lili and to prevent this demonic miscreant from blocking outthe light. A very young Tom Cruise's character Jack was very painfullyunderdeveloped. Sure he looks like the typical warrior fantasy herosporting loincloth clothing and carrying a mighty sword, but overallthis is Cruise's most forgettable character in his career. There's nohistory or any background to hold one's interest. But still his voiceand his way of carrying the character makes Jack a definitive hero. The real characters that truly carry the story was Mia Sara's Lili andTim Curry's Lord of Darkness. Underneath all that heavy makeup andover-the-top dialogue, Curry adds the right amount of malice and yetcan also come across as sympathetic. Sure he's as evil as they come,but deeper inside, we see a very lonely devil who think his darknessbalances the good and the light. And that is why he's asking for Lili'slove as she becomes attached to his dominion. Lili's transformation from the fantasy light-bright princess, to therunaway bride to the Gothic-laden princess was engaging to say theleast. Lili's transformations are handled with precision and care andteaches the lesson, that to get by in a fight against evil in fantasyenvironments means to break some rules and go against moral issues andas she goes deeper to becoming evil, she still manages to keep herhumanity alive. And whether good or evil, Lili is eye candy the wholeway through. The cinematography was best thing that makes this movie stand out verywell. The fairy-tale flowers and forestry is saturated with manyvibrant colours. As for the Darkness' chamber, the dark colours is whatI would have expected coming from an evil fiend like him. It's not a mainstream film at all, and many people might be turned offby its bizarre ways, but I think it's execution is terrific in terms oftrial, temptation, lust, and the fight for good against evil. When I was a child I was totally freaked out by the presence of theLord of Darkness. He was and is still to this day, one scary lookingdude. This is no way a kid-friendly fantasy adventure story. I haven'tseen this movie in years, but just today I rented the DVD and itbrought back so many memories and the story itself, though thin andvery short, but entertaining and enthralling. I highly recommended tochildren 9 years and older, mostly because the bad guy is one scarydemon.