This movie opens up a gateway to the genre of early romance with lightdrama. Now it is near impossible to find a movie that was made not forthe money, not to win awards, but for the people.At first I thought that this movie was over hyped, but when I sat downand watched it, I realized that the hype was true. This movie deliveredeverything it promised and then some.The characters were perfect. Believable, realistic, and you felt likeyou could relate to them in a way. Humphrey Boggart was the bestexample. His witty yet sarcastic remarks are still known as some of thegreatest lines of all time. My personal favorite being "Of all the ginjoints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine." Whilethe movie did start out slow, it quickly picked up and was able to holdmy interest. It was dark, yet was able to throw in light humor withoutupsetting the balance of a scene. Since it was dealing with a seriousissue, which at the time was an incredibly important matter, they hadto find a way to deal with the issue without upsetting the balance ofthe film. A feat that they managed to do well.There are many memorable scenes in the movie, but my personal favoriteis the very end when Rick has to watch Llsa fly off. It is painful forhim, but he knows that her staying would only hurt both of them and dueto his character he is able to keep his emotions inept, while conveyingin his new friend, Louis.As for changes, I would make none. This film is a masterpiece andwanting to make changes is like editing the Bible or adding finishes toone of Leonardo DaVinici's paintings. As the saying goes 'If it ain'tbroke don't fix it' I was only 12 when I first saw this film, but Igained much watching it. I learned that while you may not want to dosomething or say goodbye to someone sometimes it is necessary for thegreater cause.This is a movie I would recommend to anyone who wants drama, romance,comedy, memorable dialogue, or just an all around good feeling. This isa movie I will continue to enjoy for years to come.