No film captures the classical Hollywood style quite so well as"Casablanca." The film seamlessly combines romance and intrigue in itsexotic location, remarkably conveyed by mere studio sets. The black andwhite cinematography is perfect for capturing and adding mood to thesmoke filled rooms, war torn city streets, and foggy airports thatcompose the world of this film. Despite seeming a product of its time,"Casablanca" is truly a timeless piece of entertainment. It would befutile to recount the plot here. Even those who have never seen thefilm are likely to be aware that "Casablanca" is the film where IngridBergman is forced to chose between old lover Humphrey Bogart and herresistance leader husband (the often overlooked Paul Henreid). Bergmanas Ilsa Lund, the center of the love triangle, is magnificent here. Shecommunicates with such ease the very different types of love she feelsfor each man in her life, and we sympathize with her struggle. Ofcourse, Bogart too created a legendary performance as café owner RickBlaine. Seeing him transform from the man who will stick his neck outfor nobody to someone content with making a great self-sacrifice is oneof the joys of the film. Bogart and Bergman are leading players among equals however, and arerightly matched by numerous character actors, not the least of which isClaude Rains. In his portrayal of French Vichy officer Captain Renault,he hits the perfect notes to show off both the corrupt and goodheartedsides of the character. He also gets to deliver some of the film's bestcomedic one-liners. Another unforgettable actor is Dooley Wilson as thecongenial piano player Sam, who of course provides the quintessentialrendition of "As Time Goes By". Director Michael Curtiz certainly doesthese fine actors justice. The film has some striking visuals too. Beon the lookout for the raindrops on a letter which look more liketears, and the symbolism provided by a bottle of water towards thefilm's end. Viewers aware of the many troubles that plagued theproduction of "Casablanca," should be amazed at the manner in which thefilm as a whole is able to so greatly transcend the sum of its parts. When you pause and really consider it, "Casablanca" is a much simplerfilm than many others also hailed as classics. It was based on anunremarkable (and unproduced) stage play, shot on a modest budget, andreleased with the thought of the natural appeal it would carry for itswartime audiences. And yet it has endured so long beyond that. Much hasbeen made on the subject of reading "Casablanca" as a politicalallegory, with Rick representing isolationist America, Lazlo the FreeFrench, so on, and so on. This rightfully compels the film student inme. But in all actuality, the romantic in me is much more captivated bythe story of three little people caught up in the problems of a crazyworld. The nuances of the characters, the sense of urgency ominouslyhanging over every scene, and the tear jerking story of love lost,found, and lost once more in the name of a bigger cause are theelements that stay with us. For me, as well as countless other filmlovers around the world, the first viewing of "Casablanca" proves to bethe start of a very beautiful friendship.