It is not surprising that Rob Reiner chose to narrate "The PrincessBride" from the frame story of a grandfather (Peter Falk) reading abook to his sick grandson (Fred Savage). The film is a fairy talewritten by an adult who understood children, not any children, butmodern children impregnated with action films and video games, whowould more likely open their minds to thrilling sword-fights andadventures than anything involving 'a lot of kissing'.Reiner amusingly punctuates the story with the kid's reaction as toreassure the most skeptical of us that this won't be your typical'fairy tale' fantasy. And rightfully so because the overture wouldhardly make kids lower their guard, the film starts with a (typical)love story between the beautiful Buttercup (Robyn Wright) and herservant Wesley (Cary Elwes). Wesley obeys every demand with an enamored"as you wish", until Buttercup realizes she loves him too, and the filmhasn't make it to the fifth minute before the two leads embrace in landof Florin's bucolic landscape.The signature shot of "The Princess Bride" cuts immediately to the kidwho can't listen anymore to that cutesy stuff, and at this time, Reinergot us, and by us, I mean, children and adults, the audience isrelieved to see that the emotion shared by the listener is taken intoconsideration, and will work as the premise to a whole other material.I remember very well, the first time I saw the film, on 7th gradeclass, we were all 12 or 13-year old preteens and our teacher used thefilm to illustrate the value of 'narrative structure', we were all,'what the hell is that?' until that immediate reaction, and the storycould finally pick up.Wesley leaves the country to get rich and marry Buttercup but he'staken by Dread Pirate Roberts, known for never leaving anyone alive.Buttercup, out of despair, agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck (ChrisSarandon) but she's kidnapped by three eccentric outlaws whosedifferent frames works like a comic-book gag. There's Vizzini, theSicilian boss, played by a cunning and detestable Wallace Shawn, InigoMonotoya (Mandy Patinkin) as the skilled swordsman and Fezzik, playedby champion wrestling Andre the Giant who doesn't seem to carry thesymptoms of gentleness ? not yet. They take the Princess offshore,followed by a masked stranger who seems to be Private Roberts andPrince Humperdinck and his men.When the film was screened, the teacher referred to many scenes asparodies : the Screaming Eels were an imitation of "Jaws", theinvestigating styles of Prince Humperdinck were borrowed from SherlockHolmes, the masked estranger combined with Montoya's Spanish accentmade Zorro, and so on and so forth. "The Princess Bride" could easilybe labeled as a parody, feeling and talking like one, but I'm positivethat the film isn't as much a parody as it's a fairy tale, in fact, itdeliberately floats between these two levels, making possible to touchyour heart with a genuine innocence, not incompatible with its sharpwit.And this is another power of the film, it takes some distance fromDisney-like stuff without turning it into derision either, it's like awink to the audience with a friendly tap on the shoulder. The storypresents a series of adventures where we discover that there are morethan simple characters in the film: Montoya plans to kill thesix-fingered man who killed his father, he's already prepared hisspeech and naturally, with the repeated "Hello. My name is InigoMontoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die", everyone cheered in theclassroom, not to mention the last quote before the final slay. Aftertriumphing over Montoya and Fezzik, there's also an unforgettable duelof spirits with Vizzini whose outcome is not only unpredictable butcynically hilarious.The film is full of eccentric characters that all have their shiningmoments. It also reminded me of these Grimm fairy tales we read on 11thgrade, where everyone served a purpose, the villains, the antagonists,sometimes a place like the Forest with the fire spouts, lightning sand,and Rodents of Unusual Size, the helpers, like an unrecognizable BillyCrystal and Carol Kane, as Mr and Mrs. Miracle Max who'll resurrect thehero and allow the film to conclude on a satisfying way. And there'sthe eternal idea that brains triumph over brawn have and the way,Wesley defeats Count Humperdinck (Sarandon is excellent!) is also funnyand original at the same time.The film has the wit and fun of Rob Reiner's "Spinal Tap" but it endswith the same bittersweet melancholy than his "Stand by Me", when afterthe excitement, we're left with the feeling to have witnessed somethingso miraculously sweet and tender, (the music helps and the "StorybookLove" enhance that emotionality) that we've had our share of thrills orfun and we're not that reluctant to have a final kiss at the end. Thegrandfather closes the book before the kissing, but the kid's reactionagain matches ours ? the film is one beautiful romance and deserves aromantic finale, we wouldn't have accept it from a spoof, but if it wasone, the film wouldn't have been this endearing and so lovable classic."The Princess Bride" is a timeless classic full of unforgettablecharacters, a sweet thought to the late Andre the Giant who markedforever Cinema with his giant footprint, and unforgettable quotes. Thegrandfather couldn't give a more appropriate answer than his 'as youwish' when his grandson asked him to tell him the story again the dayafter. And like the book, the film can be seen over and over and I'mlooking forward to show it to my little girl when she'll be old enoughto appreciate it, hoping that her generation wouldn't be made ofchildren reluctant to watch such a cinematic treasure.