Top Gun it can be argued is the perfect Reagan Era film and is isdefinitely the film that cemented Tom Cruise's stardom. It's probablynow the film that most people will identify him with.Cruise plays Pete Mitchell aka Maverick who gets recommended for theNavy's elite Top Gun fighter pilot school. The best of the best trainhere at what they euphemistically call Fightertown, USA. The problemTom has is he's the best and he knows it. That doesn't near and endearhim to his fellow pilots.You can add Top Gun to a list of films that goes all the way back toTask Force where the story of the development of the aircraft carrierwas told, to The Bridges at Toko-Ri which was a film that told aboutthe first jet air war in Korea. What Gary Cooper flew in Task Force andwhat William Holden piloted in The Bridges at Toko-Ri are as ancient toCruise's generation as what Eddie Rickenbacker flew in the first WorldWar was to Holden and Cooper.One thing that has not left is that war in the air still is the glamorservice because it allows a record of individual achievement. And withflying combat at the speeds they do, one has to make less than splitsecond decisions. The men are better now than they were in the previouswars simply because they have to be.Cruise is ably assisted by such folks as Tim Rossovich, Barry Tubb,Clarence Gilyard, Whip Hubley, and Adrian Pasdar as fellow pilots atthe Top Gun school. Val Kilmer turns in a nice performance as Cruise'snumber one rival to be number one in the class.Best in the film besides Tom is Anthony Edwards as his co-pilot andbest friend. His death scene with Cruise is particularly poignant as isEdwards's wife Meg Ryan's scene with Tom as he breaks the news.Romance for Cruise is provided by Kelly McGillis who certainly had herchoice of hunks to fall for, but this film doe seem to make a pointthat women like confidence in their men even if it can be overbearingat times to those around. McGillis is a civilian instructor so theromance does not bring Tom or her under military fraternizationinfractions.Top Gun is a film every bit as good as the ones I mentioned before. TomCruise was never more appealing on the screen. And this review isdedicated to the fighter pilots of the United States Navy, some of thebest and brightest of the younger generation who are defending freedomfor old codgers like me.