Sandy and Danny, their names alone mean nothing, together they representthefilm we all know and love that brought us 'Summer Nights' and 'GreasedLightnin'. Grease is an infamous musical-play turned film, adapted andproduced by Allan Carr, chartering the summertastic rock 'n' roll of the1950s, centring on the highs and lows of a group of teenagers athigh-school, Rydell High.The film begins with two people having a summer romance, Sandy(Newton-John)an uptight, naïve, nerdy Australian girl and Danny (Travolta), a'jack-the-lad' 'T' bird. After the opening credits which are amusingcartoons of the main characters we see the two well known groups ofteenagers, the Pink Ladies and the 'T' Birds going back to school aftersummer vacation. The rest of the film centres mostly on the relationshipofSandy and Danny, the problems they face, and the ups and downs of theirhighschool chums. The main characters and the unusual pairing of Sandy andDannymakes for comfortable viewing.My favourite part of the film is the music, this film has such a brilliantsoundtrack. If you have the chance to watch the film on DVD you get theadded bonus of a songbook. However with a musical film you do find someparts unrealistic when they sing, why would a group of lads sing SummerNights for example? Yet that aside the songs, mostly corny love songs areaddictive and easy to pick up unfortunately will be in your head all day.Grease may not have had a lavish budget like filmsmade today, but this 1978 film directed by Randal Kleiser still manages tohave great audience appeal. Its' scenes and costumes are basic andprobablydidn't break the bank to produce but this all adds to the realism of thefilm.I like the film and could watch it over and over again. Newton-John'sdebutperformance is excellent but her character Sandy is too 2D and has nodepth.Travolta's performance is to perfection and this film benchmarked his filmcareer. Danny is 3D, he can be loving, self obsessed, a saviour and awinner, whereas Sandy to me is just a bore. All characters bring somethingdifferent to the film making it a success. Rizzo is the hard nosed cow,bitchy about Sandy, possibly jealous, who seeks revenge on her boyfriendbygoing out with his arch enemy. There is also Marcy who loves the men andhaslots of boyfriends, and Frenchy who becomes Sandy's best friend who iscaring.This uplifting, audience grabbing film may be slightly cheesy but there isjust so much to love about it, especially the soundtrack and dance moves!This gives it longevity making it such a great film that could be the bestmusical ever made. This classic film deserves a 5/5 just for being groovy!But I just can't stop thinking why is it called Grease?!