The Princess Bride starts as a Grandfather (Peter Falk) visits his illGrandson (Fred Savage) & decides to read him a classic fairytale, heopens the book & begins to read the story... In the kingdom of Florin afarm-boy named Westley (Cary Elwes) & his boss Buttercup (Robin Wright)fall deeply in love with each other, Westley leaves & Buttercupreceives word that he has been killed by the dread pirate Roberts. Fiveyears later & Buttercup is engaged to be married to Prince Humperdinck(Chris Sarandon) even though she has no love for him, shortly beforethe marriage Buttercup is kidnapped by a man named Vizzini (WallaceShawn) who then sets sail for the kingdom of Guilder where he plans tokill Buttercup in order to start a war between Guilder & Florin butButtercup is saved by whom she thinks is the dread pirate Roberts withPrince Humperdinck & his army close behind...Produced & directed by Rob Reiner this was written by William Goldmanbased on his 1973 novel of the same name, while not drasticallydifferent I haven't read the book so cannot compare the two but Ireally enjoyed the film on many levels for it's action, it's adventure,it cuteness & sense of humour. There's a neat wraparound story in whichpeter Falk tells the story of The Princess Bride to his young grandson& there are several amusing moments in which we cut back to the pairwho make several comments, the sort of comments that a young boy mightmake while listening to an old fashioned fairytale but it's also niceto see him become engrossed & caught up in the story like anyonewatching The Princess Bride will, the point that mere words on a pagecan captivate as much as a computer game is well made. I would call ThePrincess Bride itself more of a swashbuckling adventure adventure yarnrather than a straight fairytale, for some reason the fantasy elementsare downplayed quite a lot with only giant Rats & Westley being broughtback to life (if he was dead anyway which is never made totally clear)the only fantasy aspects. The Princess Bride seems more interested inamusing one-liners, sharp, witty dialogue & sword fight action which isfine as it all adds up to a throughly enjoyable light hearted fantasyromance. In fact the main aspect that The Princess Bride lifts from theaverage fairytale is the idea of true love conquers all, it's a strong& constant theme throughout thankfully without ever getting to mushy orsentimental. The Princess Bride manages almost perfectly to balanceseriousness & parody with an assortment of wonderfully drawncharacter's all of whom have great personality & some great moments. Atjust over an hour & a half the film never lacks pace & keeps moving allthe time, it's easy to see why the young Fred Savage gets so engrossedin The Princess Bride & I am sure most viewers will feel exactly thesame way.As I mentioned earlier I am a bit disappointed at the lack of overtfantasy elements, even the settings & locations from woods & ancientCastles look a little drab. The ROUS (Rodents of Unusual Size) aredwarf actor's in Rat suits which look a little tatty but at least theyhave fluid movement & still look better than a modern CGI computereffect probably would. There are some great fencing & sword fightingscenes, some of the best you will ever see to be fair as th makersdon't seem to go for historic accuracy or realism & just go to townwith various stunts & improbable gymnastics.With a supposed budget of about $16,000,000 the production values aregood & it looks nice enough having been mostly filmed on location herein England. The acting is good, Cary Elwes as the smooth, handsome &likable Westley shines although Robin Wright is a little flat incomparison. Billy Crystal, Mel Smith & Peter Cook all have comedicroles.The Princess Bride is a highly entertaining & witty play on the oldfairytale clichés that is a cracking action adventure film in it's ownright. What's not like? I thought it was clever & humorous & heartfelt& exciting. Definitely recommended.