I first saw this celluloid fairy tale back when I was a kid intheatres. I don't remember liking it much at the time (made meuncomfortable and queasy actually) and in fact, the only thing I reallyremembered from the film itself was the big red devil. Perhaps I wasn'tsophisticated enough then to enjoy it properly so why not see it againas an adult and give it a second shake...My main opinion during and after the screening (of the director's cut)was that although the decors and the makeup of the creatures are greateven by today's standards, that the movie dragged, mostly in the secondhalf. It felt long and I even yawned a few times. I don't know if it'sbecause the pace is wrong, the film lacks action or the story is notengrossing enough but I was bored too often. I also expect some kind ofsense of wonder in fantasy films. It happened with the unicorns,although unfortunately their horns were wobbly at first breaking theillusion, and it did happen with the grand entrance of the devil (seenon the cover). It did not happen much other than that. I loved thedevil played by Tim Curry in heavy costume and makeup making himunrecognizable. His deep operatic yet comforting voice (slightlymodified) is perfect, his expressions are very good and his movementsare quite believable. He's the best representation of a traditionaldevil I've ever seen. Although the main human actors are playedearnestly and rather well by Mia Sara and a young Tom Cruise, I wasmesmerized by the character of Honeythorn Gump, the apparent leader ofthe small fairy-folk. He looks like a child but his big expressiveeyes, his often severe facial expressions and the way he moves arereminiscent of someone older, kind of appropriate for an elf havinglived for a long time. The actor playing Gump was 19 years old whichwould explain some of his performance. I found him fascinating yetsomewhat sinister. I didn't find the comic-relief goblins and gnomesparticularly appealing or interesting. To be fair, they were buriedunder tons of makeup making them less expressive.I watched the director's cut on DVD and the normal shorter US versionafterwards. I will not go in details on the differences here but thoseinterested can check this link :http://www.figmentfly.com/legend/different4c.html . Neither version isperfect but I think I preferred the director's cut in part because ofthe classical music score (instead of Tangerine Dream's new agesynthesizer remade soundtrack for North America). The relationshipbetween the princess and Jack (Tom Cruise) is also more ambiguous, myfavorite character other than Darkness, the elf (?) Gump, has morescreen time, the appearance of Darkness is not spoiled right at thebeginning making his first "real" entrance a lot more dramatic and thefun swamp "sorceress" is there longer. On the other hand, with theshorter US theatrical version, you are less likely to find your mindwandering or being bored In closing, Ridley Scott the director said he was proud of his filmdespite all its problems (main set burning, big commercial flop andcritically panned at the time being a few) and that at least, hemanaged to get that kind of film (fantasy fairy-tale) out of hissystem. Not the most ringing endorsement if you ask me... Scott mightbe proud but I would not call Legend really good even today. it'spassable but it pales in comparison to other fantasy films of theeighties (Willow, Princess Bride, Neverending Story (only the firstone), Labyrinth, etc) that should be rented or purchased long beforeLegend. However, Legend has several redeeming features pushing it abovethe lower dregs of that genre. Legend was middle-of-the-pack for thatera but suffered from expectations that were too high.Rating : 5 out of 10