I am not getting into the "The greatest picture of all-time" debate.It's too subjective but if I forced to cast a vote, I would give thisthe most serious consideration. I mean, what aspect of this film isn'ttop-notch?The dialog is superb, one of the best ever put on film. The acting isgreat, cinematography first-rate and the story offers an interestingmix of drama, action, romance, music...you name it. This film haseverything but color, which might prohibit of a lot of younger folksfrom ever checking this classic out. That would be a shame becausefilm- making doesn't get much better than "Casablanca."All of this doesn't mean it's my favorite film of all-time. It isn'teven in my top ten but I always find it very, very enjoyable and thelatest 2-disc DVD transfer makes it even better to view.Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman, of course, are the stars but Ialways found Claude Raines' character the best to watch. His wittydialog as the police chief always makes me smile. He has many cleverlines and isn't a guy you can figure out. He and Bogart's character aresimilar, essentially coming across as people who only care aboutthemselves but deep inside are good-hearted people.The ending is much discussed and very famous and helps make the movieso revered. There has been so much written about this film that there Iwon't add more except to make one negative statement but that's about aline in the story and not a reflection on the quality of the film. Iwasn't impressed that Bergman, despite being married, was willing torun off with Bogart, claiming she "doesn't know" what's right or wrong!Are you serious? Well, judging by the marriage records of Hollywoodover the years, maybe they don't know adultery just might be wrong.Anyway, other than that, this is a great movie with many, many classicscenes. Bergman never looked prettier, albeit the aid of soft lensshots on her closeups, and Bogey was never more, well, Bogey, than inhere. Add Paul Henreid, Sydney Greenstreet, Peter Lorre and other fineactors and wow, what a cast!An added bonus is hearing "As Time Goes By" throughout the film, ahaunting song. Actually, there are several songs played, mainly bypianist Dooley Wilson, and they're all fun to hear. As I said, onecould go on and on about this movie. 'Nuff said.