Guns, girls, cigarettes, karate, violence, curses, movies, thugs,Hollywood, motels, fast cars, money, cocaine, mafia bosses, pimps,prostitutes, sunglasses, hamburgers, blood, laughter, Elvis, andromance. I could go on writing lists for hours, but these 24 words are TrueRomance. Really. If it were a person, it would proudly state that itlives in the United States of America and, chances are, it wouldprobably be a hormonal 15-year-old boy. This might suggest that it is ashallow film, but as it one of Quentin Tarantino's first screen writingjobs, the shallow attributes are lovably shallow rather thanstupefying.Tarantino's mind, I assume, resembles a glorified exploitation movietheater, bursting at the seams with Kung-Fu triple features andSpaghetti Westerns, rockabilly music drifting in the background of thefoyer. True Romance is a chase movie on crack, exploitative in itsviolence but charmingly energetic in its dialogue and its acting; it'sunbalanced, sometimes off-putting and sometimes gloriously enjoyable.The true romance on display rests on the shoulders of Clarence Worley(Christian Slater) and Alabama Whitman (Patricia Arquette), who marryafter a whirlwind night surrounded by movies and bedsheets. Clarence isa comic-book nerd, a friendless average Joe who celebrates his birthdayevery year by watching a series of Sonny Chiba vehicles; Alabama, inserious contrast, is a prostitute, or, as she puts it, a call girl forthe last three days. They're a mismatch made in heaven, he with hisskinny, badly-postured mannerisms and she with her red lipstick, beach-blonde hair, and seedy fur coats.Though he's euphoric knowing that he's finally found Mrs. Right,Clarence simply cannot ease into domestic bliss knowing that Alabama'spimp (Gary Oldman) is still sneaking around, possibly looking for her.So, after a long-winded and seriously violent confrontation, he killshim, steals his suitcase of cocaine, and hits the road, his wife intow. True Romance is directed by Tony Scott and stars Christian Slater, andthose are the most prominent obstacles the film encounters in itsexplosive 120 minutes. When directing, Tarantino generally makes hisviolence comically bloody, silly even; Scott, on the other hand,doesn't have the same tongue-in-cheek attitude his writer does in termsof bloodletting, not always lining up with Tarantino's cavortingscreenplay. The sequence in which Alabama is ruthlessly beat up by oneof her dead pimp's associates is so disturbingly brutal that itmismatches the splintery, witty writing of the earlier scenes. Slater,while decent enough to be a distraction instead of a film destroyer, ismiscast. His acting is too calculated, too cautious. In a film sounhinged, the lead must be just as unhinged; thank goodness forArquette, Gary Oldman, and Christopher Walken, who are all tremendous,and, yes, unhinged.That's what makes True Romance so frustrating. 60% worth consists ofabsolutely brilliantly realized conversations, traveling with the easeof a continuous meet-cute, but the other 40% is composed of heinousviolence that doesn't quite match the lurid wink of the remaining 60%.The violence is almost forgivable, but when you find yourself with aclearer image of Dennis Hopper getting his hand sliced open by one ofWalken's henchman than Clarence and Alabama's initial meeting, it'smuch too difficult. But when True Romance is good, it's trulyexceptional; there is a reason why so many consider it to be a classicof '90s cinema. Some might praise it for its climactic shoot-em-up,some might root for Clarence and Alabama's unconventional romance, andsome might get a kick out of its dialogue. There's something foreverybody, but one out of those three people will have a hard timeconsuming it all with no questions asked. Read more reviews at petersonreviews.com