I HATED this movie. I hated everything about it.Oh, look at me, I'm an armchair-existentialist. I hate my crummy boringlife. I hate my job. I hate my wife. I am such a pathetic loser. Gee,I'm going to lose my job. Oh woe is me! Oh, wait, here's somethinginteresting - a teenage girl! And what's this? Marijuana! Hey great!Now I'm a middle-aged go-nowhere jobless pothead fantasizing abouthaving sex with teenagers. Oh yes, THIS is the life. THIS is theepitome of "BEING ALIVE!" I have truly found the meaning of life.Whoa, check out that piece of garbage! It's like, totally floating inthe wind. This is the greatest thing ever. Nevermind man's greatachievements - never mind the symphony. Nevermind great architecture.Nevermind medicine and technology. Nevermind invention. Nevermindconquering the land, the sea, the mountains, the valleys, the depths ofthe oceans, the vasts of space. What's truly wonderful is trash in thewind.You see, TRUE beauty is in mediocrity. Wait.. wait... no that doesn'tsound right. Instead, let's call it "simplicity". That's better. Yes,worship the... *ahem* the simplicity of nature. Worship trash, notgreatness. Worship drug abuse, not working. Worship laziness andprurient interests, not ambition and tenacity."I guess I could be pretty -expletive- off about what happened to me,but it's hard to stay mad when there's so much beauty in the world."Or, in simpler terms, it's easy to convince yourself of your ownself-worth when you place value on common garbage. Why? Because whenyou say that garbage is beautiful, looking at yourself in comparisonisn't so bad. Yay, I feel so much better about myself now that I'mliving under this bong-clouded delusion. Apathy doesn't seem soapathetic when you've devalued everything! This was a story about aloser, who KNEW he was a loser, but rather than do anything about it,he instead deluded himself into believing that he was something more BYLOWERING HIS STANDARD OF JUDGMENT. No different than if he were a Cstudent in school that made himself feel better by saying that C's arethe same thing as A's. It's nonsense. It's utter nonsense.American Beauty is horrible. It is, without a doubt, one of the singleworst stories ever written. You want to know why? You want to know whatis so utterly messed up about the principle it espouses? When you placevalue on garbage, when you find "beauty" in everything, BEAUTY LOSESITS MEANING. When EVERYTHING is beautiful, NOTHING is. And you knowwhat happens then? Congratulations - you've killed man's sense ofvalues. You've killed his capacity to recognize greatness or to achieveit.If you set up standards of achievement open to all, to the least, tothe most inept - you stop the impetus to effort in all men, great orsmall. You stop all incentive to improvement, to excellence, toperfection.And that's EXACTLY what happened to the "protaganist" (although itmakes me want to spit acid to even call him that) in American Beauty.That movie worships the exact thing that it was - trash.