"Sicilians are great liars. The best in the world. I'm Sicilian. Myfather was the world heavy-weight champion of Sicilian liars. Fromgrowing up with him I learned the pantomime. There are seventeendifferent things a guy can do when he lies to give himself away. A guysgot seventeen pantomimes. A woman's got twenty, but a guy's gotseventeen... but, if you know them, like you know your own face, theybeat lie detectors all to hell. Now, what we got here is a little gameof show and tell. You don't wanna show me nothing', but you're tellinme everything. I know you know where they are, so tell me before I dosome damage you won't walk away from." The above dialogue is said by Christopher Walken (Vincenzo Coccotti) inwhat , in my opinion is one of the greatest scenes in modern cinema.Theverbal sparring between Walken and Hopper is one of the reasons why ilove movies so much, so thanks guys! It's been far too long since i watched this film , 15 years to beprecise , and thanks to a little bit of self indulgence i have reequanted myself with the film that is "True Romance". Clarence Worley is a well-meaning but socially unskilled comic-shopclerk whose idea of a big night out is catching a Sonny Chibatriple-feature at a downtown grindhouse. Clarence is celebrating hisbirthday in just such a manner when he meets a beautiful girl namedAlabama , and it's love at first sight for both of them. Clarence's enthusiasm isn't dampened much when he discovers Alabama isactually a prostitute who was paid by his boss to bump into him; she'sonly been in the business for a few days, and is more than eager togive up streetwalking to be with Clarence. However, Alabama is certainher pimp, Drexl ,will not be happy; he's an ill-mannered sort with mobconnections and a fondness for violence.Chivalrous Clarence offers to break the news to Drexl and collect herbelongings, but he doesn't tell her he also plans to kill Drexl whilehe's there; a melee breaks out that leaves Drexl and his henchmen dead.Clarence grabs a suitcase that he thinks contains Alabama's clothes,but he discovers it instead holds five million dollars' worth ofcocaine. The couple hits the road for California, planning to sell thedope and enjoy the good life in South America with the proceeds, butsoon a group of very unhappy underworld characters are after them, aswell as the police. It's a rare thing that a group of actors are on top of their game , allat the same time in the same film but when it does happen , you get afilm like True Romance. In my opinion Christian Slater and PatriciaArquette are perfect in roles as Clarence and Alabama . Slater oozescharm and Arquette could make any man fall on love with her . I thinkthat these two actors put in the best performances of their careers. (i cant think of anything they have done since that is as good.) .Christopher Walken makes the best ten minute cameo in a film i canthink off. he's funny , yet menacing , which in turn has a knock onaffect with Dennis Hopper. An actor i don't normally rate that highly ,yet in the scenes with Walken he is amazing. There are other good performance from Brad Pitt , Gary Oldman and whatlooks like a young Tony Soprano from James Gandolfini. Having given all this praise i still think True Romance is far frombeing perfect. Quentin Tarantino's script is not a polished as we seein later films such as Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, yet it'sundeniably Tarantino . Also i was a little disappointed with the finalfive minutes of the film especially after THAT monumental shoot up.It's all a bit too "happy ever after" for my liking. Never the less this is a classic movie and has a special place in mymovie watching heart. 9 out of 10