Someone put it best in one of the reviews I read earlier: This movie isexactly the result of people trying to make a so-called art movie andstillwin the best picture oscar.American Beauty shamelessly trots out every imaginable convention of whatanart movie is and then glosses it over with cute shooting, a relativelyshortrun time and face pace. It says virtually nothing about any of thesupposedly unusual or profound content that ostensibly is its subjectmatter. Apparently issues of would-be gravity making cameo apperaancesconstitutes a profound social comment. It is a great jumble of clichés(spoilers here maybe): The neurotic wife, the homophobic army man (That heturns out to be gay is not of any consequence since anything serious isnotgiven attention in the film, it is a cute afterthought. Though it would beaserious point if this movie had anything to do with reality)The whitecollardick with a mid-life crisis, the artist who sees beauty where no one elsecan, the pretending promiscuous cheerleader. Are there any characters thataren't stock? I cant believe anyone commented that this is in any wayrealistic. This is not a portrayal of of American life. In reality theteenager with an abusive psychotic homicidal father does not have 40,000$and cannot conveniently run away to his friends in NYC. The middle-agedmanunjustly fired from his jobdoes not conveniently have information he can use to blackmail his bossesfor 60,000$ and live happily ever after. Living in a duplex as a teenagerisnothing resembling duress; that would be living on less that one U.S.dollara day as millions of people do. This could easily qualify as propaganda:When you are rich you dont have to worry, your problem is only that youarenot looking "beneath the surface" to see the true hedonistic beauty thatlife is really made of. Well I agree that this beauty does exist.Unfortunately though I am going to burst the bubble of one of thesupposedlymost profound scenes in the movie: The plastic bag. Look closer, they say,and you will see the beauty in reality. Yes! but this is not reality!Plastic Bags do not blow in circles for 15 minutes. That scene couldpractically never have occurred in nature; Im sorry I did look closer anditwas so obviously being manipulated off camera that it was absurd. Thatsumsup the movie fairly: Look at what we call beauty, we say it is natural butwe are really manipulating it. If wind machines (or whatever they aretechnically called) are really the wind then this movie is really based inreality.Sam Mendes and Alan (whatever his last name is, the writer) are daring theviewer to be as dumb and gullible as they hope they can be. And to myamazement they succeed.If we throw together a whole bunch of artistic clichés and it doesnt makesense to you then you are dumb. Anyone who has a modicum of sanity and anyconcept of criticism has seen this movie as the charade it is and I standfirmly in their camp.I literally exclaimed out loud (though I was by myself) "What theF**k??!!"at the beginning when Kevin Spacey says "In a way I am already dying(paraphrased)". It is the zenith of self-consciously pseudo-profoundinanity.Disclaimer for the inflammatory nature of this post:This is really just intended to be a rant as I am insensed at how manypeople cant see this movie for what it really is. I am not trying toanalyzethis movie in a deliberate or cogent way. If any wants me to argue moreclearly then email me. And you will get a more thoughtful earful thanthis.