I find Tony Scott's films hit-and-miss. I've liked all the Tarantinofilms Tarantino has scripted and directed, and I like "Natural BornKillers" a lot, a film he wrote but didn't direct. Originally, BillLustig was set to direct "True Romance", but Scott ended up with theproject. The result? Cinematic dynamite! This is outlaw cinema with anA-list cast and budget. It is an intense, compelling, adrenalin-pumpedmasterpiece that is one of the most re-watchable films in mycollection. There are so many great sequences and the characters,thanks to Quentin's sharp, inventive screenplay, are all distinctiveand memorable. Christian Slater's "cute meet" with Patricia Arquette,in a cinema screening Chiba's "The Streetfighter", is just fantastic.Slater's across-the-bar conversation where he admits that he'd f**kElvis is hilarious and perversely understandable. Gary Oldman's introscene where he and his pals steal a case of cocaine and chat abouteating a woman's p***y and a** is pure grindhouse. Dennis Hopper's bigdramatic scene with Chris Walken is a knockout, as are all of SaulRubinek's scenes. Val Kilmer is a great Elvis and James Gandolfino, asthe humble baddie who beats Arquette senseless in one of the film'smost vicious scenes, is give-the-man-an-Oscar great. Of course,cinematic masterpieces like "True Romance" don't get Oscars. Becauseall the elements gel so beautifully, why exactly TR works so well isnot plain to see. It just does. It's high gloss ex-, blax- andsexploitation all stirred into one steaming cauldron of gunfire,bloodshed, sexy sleaze, hilarity, and the naive, glorious idealism ofyouth. It has a devil-may-care nihilism about it and an energy levelthat is rare for a film sent through the Hollywod machine to mainstreamdistribution. Not surprisingly, it didn't do great box office, but it'sdone good business on DVD and been rediscovered. Scott, when saddledwith good screenplays, like "Man on Fire", "Revenge" and "Spy Game", ismore than capable of delivering first class entertainment. When he'sstaring into the face of crap like "Domino", he camouflages the manurewith bloated stylization. "True Romance" is his best film, and one ofthe best films ever produced in Hollywood. Oh, I almost forgot, BradPitt's "Floyd" character is simply, well, untouchable.