And there were a lot of great ones this year. I will also say something even(possibly) bolder--that Kevin Spacey gives the performance of his career.And all us movie geeks know that is saying a LOT, given this man's pastroles, and his talent. I used to think he was overrated as an actor. Then Ifigured OK, I see what all the fuss is about. Now, he's up there with myfavorite actors of all time, with James Woods, Steve Buscemi, RobertDeniro...probably in the top 5. I was lucky enough to see a free screening this afternoon and boy, am I gladI had the privilege. In fact, this review might not even be that coherent-it's one of those movies that blows you away so much that you have troubleeven putting your feelings into words. The plotline sounds trite when you first describe it (it did to me when Ifirst heard about it), Spacey plays a man who describes himself as a loser,with Annette Bening as his horrible, shrewish, self-absorbed, pathetic b*tchof a wife. His daughter is not all that likeable either, despite the factthat you can understand why she turned out this way, with her as a mother.Just when you think you've met the most dysfunctional family in the worldoutside of "Happiness", you find out about the family who just moved in nextdoor. At first, the strange son seems like the most messed-up member oftheir brood, but after you get to meet his ex-military, abusive, homophobic,terrifying father and his withdrawn, sad, headcase mother, you realize he isthe most normal member of the household by far. Then, the filmwriters tossin Kevin Spacey's lustful obsession with his daughter's sexkittencheerleader friend, which trust me, is a lot more fun, entertaining, andamusing than it sounds when you read about it. Soon, he is having the mostentertaining, amusing midlife crisis ever seen in the history of cinema. Hejust doesn't give a ***k about what he does or says anymore, and you onlywish you could get away with doing the things he does.I found myself laughing out loud in this movie so many times, most of ithorrified, amazed laughter at what is happening and the things that arecoming out of the character's mouths, especially Spacey's. He had at least adozen lines that had every member of the audience in hysterics and actualapplause and cheers. I can't say enough good things about this movie. You think, after the firstfive minutes, that you know how the movie will end. Well, Spacey's openingnarrative does give it away, but trust me, the events unfold in a way thatyou will NEVER see coming. You will swear you can see what a character isgoing to do next, what violent or self-destructice act they will commit, butyou turn out to be wrong.Without getting too pretentious here, the movie lives up to it'stheme/tagline of "...look closer". THe characters are not what they seem, upuntil the end, and even then they surprise you. At least two characters thatyou are POSITIVE you have figured out, do or say something that turns allyour preconceptions of them upside down, while making your jaw drop, andyour heart ache. You will leave the movie with a smile, though, and that ismaybe what I expected least of all.Words just cannot do this movie justice. See it for yourself.