Once Upon A Time In DetroitA heart beat of Noir.The title sequence for True Romance magically conveys us to the bleakcold desolate vortex of the Rust Belt 1990's Detroit, but also back amillion plus years to the time when fantastic tales were spun byancient man around the first campfire. Only in the here and now, thefire is scrap wood fed and in an oil drum in a vacant lot surrounded byhobos, outcasts, and scavengers and the fantastic tale is offered withrising sparks and smoke up to the eternal night. A Neo Noir tale.Very few of the classic noirs used the female voice over, one thatreadily comes to mind is Claire Trevor's in Raw Deal. This neo noirstory is triggered in one long flashback by a voice over narration byex-call girl femme fatale Alabama Whitman (Patricia Arquette). Arquettehere is downright outstanding, if ever there was a character thatcaptured that effervescent spirit of Marilyn Monroe's variouscharacters (and updates that quality to the 90s and makes it her own)in a film it's Arquette's Alabama in True Romance. She is a blond,buxom, bombshell, a "firecracker" the "shot from the front" sequencewhere she jiggles down the courthouse steps rivals Marilyn's classic"shot from behind" wiggles from Some Like It Hot and Niagara. You justsense that if this were still the big studio days and she was undercontract she would have been typecast into many of these kind of partsin quick succession at the peak of that phase of her beauty, Arquettemight have become iconic but would the price have been tragedy as itwas for Marilyn? As it is her performance is just a one off. The studiodays are long gone and the atmosphere is catch-as-catch-can andArquette did not get another similar Neo Noir role until her doubleparts as Alice & Rene in Lost Highway. I guess time will be the judgeif contract stars of the Studios or those of the new corporate dealsystem will be best remembered in the long run. Arquette here rangesfrom sweet and coy, to desperate and deadly, her transformation intoAthena with her Amazonian like war scream is chilling. The tale unfolds as quasi comic book/martial arts/Elvis geek Clarencegets shot out of the saddle by a B-girl at a local tavern. Later at alate-night triple bill Sonny Chiba show, Alabama, in a contrivedmaneuver spills her popcorn over the seat on Clarence. She expressesher dismay in an instantly lovable cutesy/ditzy manor and is soonclimbing over the seat and settling in beside him. They soon connectand later over pie and coffee in a diner begin to fall for each other.Clarence takes her back to his pad above the comic book store wherethey make love. Later Alabama confesses that she is a call girl and waspaid and sent by Clarence's boss as his birthday present. Clarence isnot mad at all says it's the best present he ever had and that it wasnot just the physical part but he never had so much fun with a girlever before in his life. They pledge their love for each other and getmarried. The whole sequence is wonderfully written and rings so truethat you suspect it is somewhat biographical. Clarence, (Christian Slater) in probably his best role, watch hisdialogs with Alabama and his father. He is "cooler than cool" as hefollows his personal rockabilly espirito Elvis in the way he deals withsituations and travels life's highways. . Elvis tells him to confrontAlabama's pimp Drexl and it's this meeting that sends the talespiraling into Noirsville. The rest of the cast is superb, Michael Rapaport as Dick Ritchie astruggling numb nuts want to be actor who lives with stoner Floyd (BradPitt) who has a plastic honey bear bong. Bronson Pinchot is the weaselHollywood yes man Elliot Blitzer to producer Lee Donowitz (SaulRubinek). Dennis Hopper is Clifford Worley, Clarence's security guardfather who sings Country Western songs while making his rounds andlives in a trailer park wedged between the river and the railroadtracks. Mafioso Don Vincenzo Coccotti (Christopher Walken ) is a capofor Blue Lou Boyle. Virgil (James Gandolfini ) is a reflective hit-man.Gary Oldman is delightfully over the top as courier and pimp DrexlSpivey. Chris Penn as Detective Nicky Dimes and  Tom Sizemore asDetective Cody Nicholson are Gung ho LA cops. Samuel L. Jackson is BigDon a spastic druggie with some memorable lines, and Val Kilmer is"Mentor" (Elvis).Ably directed by Tony Scott with beautiful cinematography by Jeffrey L.Kimball. A great soundtrack by Hans Zimmer stitches all the segmentstogether. True Romance is one of those films that prove that every oncein a while Noir has a pulse. A fun flick with abundant eye candy 9/10