Okay, so I don't think there's much left to be said about thismasterpiece. "American Beauty" is one of those rare instant classics, alandmark of the 90's and one of the best debut features ever (which isboth a blessing and a curse for a director - let's hope Sam Mendesdoesn't end up like Orson Welles).This bittersweet tale of ordinary suburban lives about an averagehusband (Kevin Spacey), his ambitious wife (Annette Bening), theirunhappy only child (Thora Birch), the weirdo next door (Wes Bentley),his severe father (Chris Cooper), his catatonic mother (Allison Janney)and a certain blonde cheerleader (Mena Suvari), reaches a heavenlylevel of authenticity and poignancy thanks to a witty, pitch-perfectscript (by Alan Ball, who would later create the brilliant TV series"Six Feet Under"), a wonderful cast (Spacey and Cooper, especially),Mendes's sensible directing, Conrad L. Hall's beautiful cinematographyand Thomas Newman's unforgettable score (which has been copied adnauseam since then, by the way). "American Beauty" is as thought-provoking and sad as it is, in a weirdway, uplifting. To realize the mediocrity in your life; to try tochange it or let it be, that's the question. Whichever's your choice,there'll be a high price to pay; thus, no one's a complete hero orvillain in this story. Lack of communication, character flaws andhypocrisy all add up to what happens to these people; we feel bad forthem, despise them, and root for them, for they all ring so true.That's because they're real, and great writers like Ball have a specialtalent to expose the good, the bad and the ugly in human nature.My only "problem" with this film is that it came out in 1999 (one ofthe greatest years for films, ever), just like my all-time favourite,"Magnolia", which was almost completely snubbed by the Academy (whichgave "American Beauty" 5 Oscars, including Best Picture and Director).Naturally, I'd have liked "Magnolia" to win, but AB is a more thanacceptable replacement since the Academy actually awarded a great filmthat year. "American Beauty", even without being the best film of itsyear, still manages to be a masterpiece."It's just a couch!", Lester (Spacey) yells in one scene. "This isn'tlife, it's just stuff. And it's become more important to you thanliving. Well, honey, that's just nuts".And isn't he right? ...look closer. 10/10.