For anyone who grew up in the turbulent Sixties, "Forrest Gump"delivers a clever blend of nostalgia mixed with a uniquely creativeview of history as experienced by a presumed to be simpleton. While TomHanks' character recalls his life with a slow tangy drawl, he variouslyentertains and educates a host of passengers waiting for the next busto their intended destination. Some ignore him, some show interest, oneeven scorns Gump's tale of getting rich in the shrimping business, onlyto depart before Forrest has a chance to pull out his copy of FortuneMagazine. Life can be like that for those unwilling to listen andlearn, casting doubt instead of exploring the truth and keeping an openmind.I got a kick out of Forrest's string of brushes with greatness - theway he taught Elvis how to shake his hips, his unquestioning responseto LBJ's inquiry about his war injury, and the way his war timeexperience inspired John Lennon to write 'Imagine'. There was also thatingenious sequence in which he meets President Nixon, theninadvertently tips off the Watergate scandal. However the mostunderstated and easiest reference to miss was the clever homage paid tothe 1969 film "Midnight Cowboy", when Forrest wheels Lieutenant Dan(Gary Sinise) across busy city traffic, and is narrowly missed by ataxi cab. Lt. Dan's response was "Hey, I'm walkin' here", just the wayRatso Rizzo did in that earlier film. All that with the 'EverybodyTalking at Me' movie theme seamlessly woven in as so many songs of thatera were utilized with other aspects of the story.For Forrest Gump, life is not a pretentious path to wealth or fame, buta never ending quest to learn and be a productive human being. Not tomention finding one's own true love. For Forrest, life long friendJenny (Robin Wright) represents an unfulfilled ideal, one he acceptsinto his heart while still a young schoolboy and nurturing thatrelationship platonically throughout his adulthood. For her part, Jennyrepresents a youthful quest for experiencing life to the fullest, onlyto make a series of wrong choices that lead her to the brink ofsuicide. It's fitting that Jenny eventually realizes what Forrest knewall along, that they were made for each other even if outwardappearances seemed to dictate otherwise.I've seen this film only a couple times in the past, thinking it wasgood, but only considering it for it's entertainment value. I guess oneof the benefits of getting older is the insight one gains withexperiencing life a day at a time and steady as she goes. My viewing ofthe picture today gave me a greater appreciation for the subtletiesoffered in the film, and leads me to believe the world would be abetter place if there were a little more of Forrest Gump in all of us.