The problem director and writer James Cameron faces with a story about theTitanic is that the majority of his audience will know what happens. So tomake his audience care, he switches the action and main plot from the ship,to a socially inappropriate love story between Jack Dawson and Rose DewittBukater. The trouble is that by incorporating the love story theme into thestory, he seems to detract from the feel and humanity that previous Titanicfilms like A Night to Remember have had. Cameron instead opts for twoseparate halves to the story rather than melding the two separate elementstogether. The first half concentrating on building an audience rapour withthe two main characters, while the second half concentrates on the specialeffects fuelled sinking of the doomed liner. This would be forgivable if itweren't for several key factors from the first half, the main weakness beingthe utterly one dimensional lead characters we are presented with. FromCaledon Hockleys loveless millionaire to Rose's trapped innocence to JackDawson's poor boy with a dream. Aswell played as these characters are, theperformance can't make up for the poorly written characters the actors havebeen given. Again, with the spectacle of the story of the titanic and themillions of dollars at Cameron's disposal, one could forgive the weakness ofthe characters, but then the  first half of the story is so entirely clichéridden and full of predictability that it becomes obvious. It is clear thatshe will leave her safe life and existence and go with the unpredictabilityof true love. It is almost as though Cameron knows how to tell this storyvisually, he's just not sure or not capable of making you care about it.Cameron's writing has always come under scrutiny. The comic book quality offilms like True Lies and the Terminator films set the scene for his writingstyle. The childlike quality of some of the dialogue shouldn't but doesstand out. "Something Picasso" and Freud, is he a passenger?" are so direthat they belong in a Farrelly Brothers film, not a $200 millionblockbuster. Cameron does seem to be writing from the heart, the trouble isthat his heart doesn't seem up to the task. "It's pay-day boys" andDicaprio's now legendary "I'm the king of the world" seem not to be spokenby the characters in the film, but by Cameron himself. He is the masterfilm-maker who can resurrect the Titanic and will make a fortune fromit.Questions that arise on investigation of the film closely are the gapingplot hole of  Rose's narration and status as the main narrative agent. Ifthe story we see is told from Rose's perspective, how are we granted accessto scenes such as the Captain's death and Hockley and Lovejoy hatching theplan to trap Jack? Again, if the story we are being told is not from Rose'sperspective and is a general overview of the events, why are we subjected toRose's story telling voice over? Perhaps this is being overly critical ofwhat is simply meant to be viewed as popcorn entertainment and indeed, thefilm isn't entirely without its merits. The hour long sinking of the ship isindeed breathtaking and the film does have probably three genuinely specialmoments. Winslet and Dicaprio's flying scene, the ship breaking in two andJack's death which is surprisingly touching and moving. The trouble is,especially in a three hour long film, that these few moments don't make upfor the other half of the film. In a three hour film, half is ninetyminutes, the average length of a Hollywood film, perhaps Cameron should havesacrificed some of the unnecessary moments and concentrated the story intoperhaps just over two hours.Cameron's back catalogue of films should prepare us for what we are going tosee. The Abyss, True Lies and Terminator 2 : Judgement Day show that as avisionary, he can amaze his audience simply by clicking his fingers. Theproblem lies with his misplaced attempts to try and bring humanity into hisstories. In The Abyss, Cameron wants us to care about the relationshipbetween Mary Elisabeth Mastrantonio and Ed Harris. In True Lies, we areasked to care about Schwarzenegger's flagging relationship with his wifeJamie Lee Curtis. Similarly in Titanic, we are asked to ignore the specialeffects and care about the characters relationship. If Cameron were to writea out and out blockbuster that did not need characters require the audienceto care, he would probably create one of the most amazing films ever to beseen. Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to be what he wants todo.