Nothing in True Romance is especially mature, but that doesn't stop itfrom being quite the little blast of cine-literate pulp nonsense. Someof it's funny, some of it's actually quite disturbing; most of it has alot to do with drugs and pimps, and lowlifes killing other lowlifes toan omnipresent rock-'em-sock-'em aesthetic; it's put together in thismanner that has it creep along the line of what's acceptable and whatisn't, but it works in the long run if for the time you're sittingthere watching it. To state that it's one of the best films a certainTony Scott ever made speaks volumes; to say the likes of those such asBrad Pitt went on to play roles much more interesting in films thatwere a lot better speaks even greater volumes. Most of the film is goodvalue; very little of it is especially grown-up; it's tone and content,which will sway wildly from stoner comedy to one of the two leadsreceiving a beating from a mobster in a nasty little scene, just aboutholds together with this dumb, infectious energy constantly ticking itover in the engine room.Christian Slater plays Clarence Worley, a store clerk in his twenties;a sensitive and kind, although schizophrenic, man who craves a femalepresence in his life and talks with great enthusiasm about things thatare dear to him, namely comic books; Elvis Presley tracks and importkung-fu films of the 1970s. When I think of a "Clarence", I think of adeliberately dorky looking character in a Gary Larson sketch. He sitsat a bar, during the opening scene, and talks to a sex worker aboutthese things, but he's out of his depth - as if he's too nice-a guy tobe in this zone speaking to this calibre of person, but so starved ofanything remotely of Clarence's ilk is the zone within which he'sbased, that he must resort to such places and people. She isdisinterested, but then again of course she is.Cut to an establishing shot of where we are: a grim looking Detroitwith a grey cloud over it and a generally gloomy atmosphere. Fateappears to deliver an amiable blow when another young sex worker,Patricia Arquette's Alabama, enters the cinema within which Clarence iswatching a kung-fu film and sits next to him. They bond, appear to getalong and before True Romance's second act can even stretch its legs inpreparation to enter the fray, they are married. Clarence is happy he'squashed his desire for someone female and with the apparent interest inwhat he likes and Alabama's search for some sort of consistency inthis, her trek up from far and away Florida, has led her to youngClarence.Where Slater's character lived for the adventure in his movies, andcould only feel passion and love for certain comic books in that he'svery protective of certain rare varieties of them, he is now able todirect unto Alabama this enthusiasm to keep something that needsprotecting as pristine as possible as well as experience the adventureand dangers abound in his films and comic books. This is born out ofwhat lies within the threatening circles within which Alabama operatedprior to knowing Clarence: specifically, her pimp Drexl (Oldman) andthe fact he takes issue with this newly formed matrimony. The point ofno return is crossed; this first barrier the "new" Clarence must hurdleif he is to live out his fantasies and maintain what it is he's foundafter years of searching accomplished in his killing of Drexl. Oncecarried out, the pair of them head for Los Angeles out of the factsomewhat skewered twist of fate that saw Clarence grab a case ofcocaine upon leaving Drexl's abode, with the mobsters (the true ownersof the drugs) out looking for it too.It's no secret the film loses a lot of its energy and verve upon itsarrival in California; primarily out of the fact they get there tooquickly and the early poking around under this cloud of gloom andapparent despair as a young guy and a young girl fall in love and tryto work around this psychotic pimp is quite good. I've never been fondof crime films set in sunny, bright nor indeed welcoming locales, butwhat's lacking here is much for Clarence and Alabama to actually get upto. We do not, to the film's ultimate detriment, have the leads'journey to L.A. depicted; a passage of time rife with the potential fordramatic ingredients and the opportunity for a stone-wall antagonist toestablish themselves so that it might provide these two leads somethingto do. There is the potential for this sort of material, in thatChristopher Walken plays the boss of a group of these mobsters lookingfor their cocaine, whose verbal standoff with Clarence's father as hestrives to find where they've gone calls to mind the best of what TrueRomance writer Tarantino can do: think the opening scene of InglouriousBasterds or the final scenes of Pulp Fiction. Alas, he disappears afterthis one sequence. Credit must go to Christian Slater, who does well inhis depiction of someone going from being this weak clerk to a hardenedguy having to punch well above his weight, but the film lacks any sortof backbone. Its persistency to use Malick's overture from Badlandsserves only to remind us how good that film was, whereas withhindsight, one is able to point out how Tarantino forged an early forteout of depicting partnerships, or couples, dodging bullets and doingcrime as apparent in Natural Born Killers; From Dusk 'til Dawn orstrands of Pulp Fiction. This is the lesser of the four, and notparticularly brilliant as a standalone film either.