"The poor are poor, and one's sorry for them -- but there it is." HenryWilcox is determined to prevent Margaret Schlegel from inheiriting hiswife's familial estate, Howards End. Margaret doesn't even know thatshe's supposed to inheirit anything from Mrs. Wilcox, since theirrelationship was brief. When Margaret winds up married to Henry, theformer Mrs. Wilcox's will is finally carried out, but not withoutplenty of objection by Henry's spoiled children.At the same time Leonard Bast, a banker, has fallen on hard times.After taking bad advice from Henry, Leonard has been left in alow-paying job, believing that his previous place of employment isgoing out of business. Instead, the place booms. Margaret and hersister Helen, who set up Leonard to receive Henry's advice, feelresponisble and Margaret demands that Henry give Leonard a job. Henry'srefusal leads to great tension in the Wilcox household.Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson star in this Merchant-Ivoryproduction. Their fantastic chemistry, later used to brilliant effectin "Remains of the Day", a Merchant-Ivory masterpiece, is evidentthroughout. Hopkins has a way of making even his posture pretentiousand condescending. He bends at the waist, as if looking down oneveryone, and his sense of overwhelming confidence makes him easilyhateable. Emma Thompson is just the opposite. She is warm, welcoming,and open to everyone.It is when the two meet that things get really interesting. Thompson'sMargaret is someone that Hopkins' Henry can not bring himself to lookdown upon, and his confidence breaks. The conversation in which Henryproposes perfectly shows Henry's true self: unconfident, bad withwords, and afraid to be turned down."Howards End" is a great film; a scathing critique of hypocrisy andclassism, and at the same time a tale of a man who is too afraid to behimself, and a woman who refuses to be anything but herself. It'srichly and densely layered, with a complex story. Under the directionof James Ivory and with the incredible acting ability of everyoneinvolved, Howards End is a triumphant adaptation of E.M. Forster'snovel.