Lester Burnham was born when Jung said the world changed. Lester was ayoung boy with our very own favorite memory (lying on the grass lookingat clouds). He fell in love with Carolyn when she still had joy in her.But he got a job he hated to support a family inside a box with a whitepicket cage around it, a world where you can make money to buy stuffyou don't need but you can't buy stuff to make you feel alive becauseit is not "sensible" (the red Firebird). Gender relations had turnedupside down: his wife dominated him to where Less-stir stirred less. Heliterally sat in the back seat. Family broke apart: his daughter wishedher parents could "get a life of their own." Computers proliferated:profits, losses, and suckers ran glowingly across Lester's face for 17years. His boss was not a leader or a mentor: his boss was a Brad. Withhuman leadership assassinated, corporate tentacles extended everywhere.Homosexuality became open?to some?scary, to others. Drugs earned asecure place in the culture: Lester gave up drugs maybe too soon andnow the kids were into them, making it convenient to have a peddlernext door. That's the setup.Lester's libido got tickled by an inappropriate target: a young girl.He spoke back to his wife who mocked him in bed. That made him smile.He smoked with a young boy who was falling in love with his owndaughter. He pounded a brad back into Brad when Brad asked him to writehis own death warrant in a corporate reorganization. He quit: he quitto get alive for at least a moment before he was to die. He startedworking out. This was tragically mis-read by the guy next door. It'sCol. Fitz who is the tragic one, not Lester. Lester dies with a smileon his face after he realizes he "feels great," that his daughter lovesa sweet boy, that he doesn't care who is wife is f----ing. He becomes afather to the girl after whom he lusted: he wraps her in a protectiveblanket to set her free. He lets her be who she really is rather thanwho she thought she was supposed to be. They both grow up.It's not a spoiler to say here that Lester dies: that's the first thinghe tells us. You can't really die until you are alive?so the rest ofthe movie raises Lester from the deadened life he'd been trained tolive. He?and hence we?look at life from above. We learn to smile withhim: particularly when he delivers the sack of burgers. We see theperfect life is antiseptic white with vased slashes of reds, the wayCarolyn would have it, or reds could fall like snow, the way fantasyhas it, or the reds could be messy, messy, the way life has 'em. Life messes up organization if we try to force ourselves into the backseat.