When high school jock Zak is dumped by his prom-queen style girlfriend, herashly says that he doesn't need her and that any girl he dates will becomethe prom queen.  A friend takes her up on the bet and picks geeky artstudent Laney.  Zak tries to get close with limited success but gradually hebegins to get to know her and they become friends ? now all he has to do isget her accepted by the jet set.How many teen movies do we need, with their similar themes of jocks andgeeks and the seemingly revolving casts?  Here we get yet another retellingof Pygmalion except here it doesn't really convince as a comedy or a story. The plot isn't particularly imaginative and feels lifeless and a little flatas a result like it has no spark of it's own.  The other problem is the factthat Laney is actually quite good looking before `the change' ? I prefer herlook before Zak supposedly made her better.The film needs to pander to the teen audience so we get the obligatory`gross out' comedy in a few scenes which are funny but outside of that it'sreally very light melodrama between Zak, Laney and thejocks/cheerleaders.Prince is annoying but is actually alright here despite having a cardboardjock character.  Cook is good as Laney but it's a shame that the film seessome sort of victory of making this geeky arty girl into a beautiful Valleygirl type that conforms to the pack.  What message does that send out toteenagers?  At one point Zak says that he'd rather work with fat or uglythan Laney ? but really she is only acceptable because she is pretty and notfat or ugly.  The rest of the cast are a range of teen actors who you'llrecognise from other films who do nothing out of the ordinary.  Usher has acool cameo ? but why did Lil' Kim take a role that was barely a supportcharacter?  I hate Matthew Lillard with a passion but here he does a goodjob sending up those reality TV `celebrities' and is very funny in hishandful of scenes.Overall this is an acceptable teen film but really never gets to the pointwhere you could call it more than good.  The story lacks spark orimagination and the comedy is either crude or too slight to be funny.  It'swatchable but it's not all that.