Now, let me see if I've gotten this straight: "Saving Private Ryan", anepictale of honor, glory, and sacrifice set against the backdrop of what waspossibly the most important single day of the Twentieth Century, was notworthy of the Best Picture Oscar.However, "American Beauty", a movie whose heroes are a middle-agedpedophilewho casually endangers the future of his family, and the next-door drugdealer who finds "beauty" in people getting their brains blown out,is.I see."American Beauty" might work as satire if 1.) it weren't telling ussomething we've KNOWN for fifty years - that the suburbs are not thisperfect, "Ozzie and Harriet" world of smiling, white-bread people - and2.)if the characters depicted in the movie were in any way REALISTIC.Instead,"American Beauty" is a parade of the most tiresome Hollywood cliches ofthe1990s. I don't care how pathetic Spacey's and Bening's characters' livesare- would they really be THAT devoid of any redeeming values? Are wesupposedto CHEER Spacey as he quits his job, smokes pot, and lusts after seventeenyear-old girls, all to the detriment of his young daughter? Are wesupposedto laugh at the ex-Marine's idea that the world NEEDS certain rules andstandards in order to work? Clearly, we are. These are not characters atall, but ciphers. Indeed, the ex-Marine is one of the most laughableciphersat all. He is the parody of the Evil Gun-Toting Gay-Bashing Right-WingMilitary Nut, taken to its furthest extreme. As columnist John Leorecentlyput it, "the only thing they forgot to do was to make him a tobaccocompanychemist and a trustee of a segregated college." And the final revelationthat the "gay-basher" is in fact gay himself is the final piece of thisHollywood stereotype; a move meant purely to make sure this character andhis world-view, that of the importance of morality and of the necessity ofrules in society, is completely discredited.And I know, I know: I'm not reading between the lines. I need to "lookcloser". Well, I submit that those who glowingly praise this movie arelooking TOO closely. It's easier to lose sight of the larger message amoviesends when you examine any one element too closely. And all that thepeoplewho made this movie have "proved" is that they live on an entirelydifferentplanet from the hard-working, Joe and Jane America they claim to sobrilliantly "expose" - the same Joe and Jane America that keeps Hollywoodinbusiness.(Ordinarily, I'd rate a movie like "American Beauty" about a "3". Butsinceit was without question both the most offensive AND the most overratedmovieof 1999 (move over, "The Phantom Menace"), and since more needs to be doneto counterbalance these morons who think it's the next "Citizen Kane", Ifeel I have no choice but to go with my original gut instinct and give itabig fat "1". For years, I've made it a practice to save every ticket stubfrom every movie I've seen, regardless of its quality. Nevertheless, my"American Beauty" ticket stub now sits in torn-up shreds at the bottom ofthe concession-area garbage can. It seemed a fitting gesture toward thisOscar-winning piece of putrescent pap.)