E. M. Forster has had the good fortune of having two of hismasterpieces, A Passage to India and Howard's End, translated to thescreen by two masters of the medium, David Lean and James Ivory. Bothgreat novels have as their theme the irreconcilability of socialclasses, and it's a measure of that British thoughtfulness which seeksto make things just right (not always successfully, but they try), thatboth have been assigned perfect directors: the grand sweep of Passageto India gets the master of large scale, Lean, and the almostclaustrophobic intimacy of Howard's End gets the master of small scale,James Ivory.Both of Forster's stories offer no dramatic relief in the end: inPassage we are left with an unresolved mystery and justice onlypartially rendered; in Howard's End we have, really, no mystery, withjustice only partially rendered. Alas, such is the integrity of Leanand Ivory, that we remain frustrated in the filmed versions.As to Howard's End, in particular, one thing that you should beprepared is perhaps the most tragic character in the history of film,maybe even of literature, that of Leonard Bast. He is tragic in theclassical sense of having a nobility which makes him morally superiorto his nemesis, Henry Wilcox, but also possessed of hubris, in the formof false pride, which leads to fatal consequences. His sympatheticsponsors, the Schlegel sisters Margaret and Helen, are part of theGreek chorus, plaintive but ineffectual at the hands of the millionairegod, Wilcox who, like the British Raj in India, dismisses charity withan imperious "The poor are the poor, and one's sorry for them ? butthere it is." What makes Bast's tragedy so excruciating is that hisfate is not in the hands of blind sisters at a spinning wheel, who haveno idea where they cut the strand of life, but in the hands ofpresumably free agents, who are or should be conscious of andconscientious about the consequences of their acts but are not. Helen,the one character who is indeed possessed of these qualities, ismarginalized by Henry's Zeus and Margaret's Hera, whereupon shewithdraws to Germany, where folk are, if nothing else, conscientious.There is a major problem with Howard's End, the film, for which Ideducted a point. Leonard Bast's wife, Jacky, is a strong character,who is allowed to develop in a major scene. However, for some reason,Ivory chooses, at a fatal moment, to make her just disappear, so thatwe're left at the end wondering why those who are so concerned, out ofdecency, about Leonard, seem to have discarded Jacky, as if she hadnever existed. Jacky's character demands some kind of resolution,tragic or otherwise, but I have the feeling that Ivory just didn't wantto deal with her, an attitude not unlike that of the Wilcoxes and,alas, the heretofore sympathetic Schlegels, who finally have coppedout.I deduct another point because this is an irredeemably morose film. Itis an important film, with an important point to make. It is also amoving film, with a superb cast and a faultless production design. Butlike another film in which Anthony Hopkins stars, Shadowlands, there isa pathos so intense that it is almost physically painful. So thequestion becomes, is the point a film makes so revelatory as to make itworth the pain of watching.The irreconcilability of the social classes is a great debate and makesfor great literature. Howard's End and a Passage to India certainlymake for effective lessons in Forster's gloomy side of the debate.Whether you want to sit through the lessons more than once is anotherquestion.Note: I see that the rating of this review isn't very positive.Undoubtedly the film queen brigade resent their precious porcelain vasebeing touched.