`American Beauty' is a film that comes along and says things like few filmshave everdone before. A film that is maddening brilliant in how it audaciously blendsthe absurdwith the dramatic.Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) wakes up one morning and announces in avoice-overthat his life is miserable and that the highlight of his day will be hismorning jerk-offsession in the shower. He then proceeds to tell us about how, one year fromnow, acertain incident will occur. For the next two hours we are exposed to theincidents thatlead to that moment.Lester and his wife Carolyn (Annette Benning) have no marriage. They hateeach otherand they do not relate to their daughter in any way. Jane (Thora Birch) haslittle respectfor them, in return.Lester's life changes when he and his wife force themselves to go to aschool basketballgame, where Jane is performing on the cheerleading team. There, Lesterbecomesentranced by Jane's best friend Angela (Mena Suvari). This attraction seems rather frivolous at this point in the film, because itappears that theattraction is based solely on sexual desire. Angela is a beautiful, cockyyoung womanwho's sole philosophy is to not be ordinary. She feels that because she is astunner--aseductress--she is beyond everyone else. The ironic thing is that towardsthe end of thefilm, she is emotionally crippled when she has to admit that she isordinary. The sad thin,in turn, and what lies at that heart of the movie, is that one does not needto beextraordinary to be ordinary--that beauty lies in everything, as long assuch beauty isappreciated.Ricky Fitts (Wes Bentley) is the mysterious new next door neighbor whobecomessecretly obsessed with Jane--videotaping her at every turn. At first, thisactivity turns Janeoff, until she becomes entranced by the reasoning behind this. His father,Wes, caughthim doing pot one day and sent him to military school, where Ricky almostkilled aboy--in turn, he was sent to a sanitarium. The family moves in next door andyou aregiven a dose of true dysfunction.It is through Ricky's obsessive video collection--through which hevideotapes theworld--that we get to learn the theme of the movie. It is through Ricky thatJane begins tolive and learns to love herself. Ricky, one of the saddest characters I haveseen in filmhistory, is a boy who learned to appreciate the beauty of life while tryingto escape thehorrors of his home. His father Wes is an evil man, haunted by demons thatare laterrevealed, who is obsessed with discipline.I can't say much more about the movie simply because there is just too muchto say aboutit, and also because I don't want to spoil the process the characters taketo change theirlives and how these lives end up--especially in the very `suspenseful' finalminutes.All I can say is that there are scenes in this film that have hit me likefew other sceneshave hit me. Much is not seen of Barbara, Ricky's mom, in the film--but onescene,where she looks at her son's beaten faced is so shocking and tragic becauseof the lineshe tells him when she touches his face. The words are uttered by a womanwho--as theaudience can tell--has been emotionally paralyzed by her husband. The wordsare ironicin the context in which they are said--but the fear and motivation isperfectly understood.Annette Benning has given the performance of the year. May they give her theOscar thisvery woman. This woman juggles drama with comedy like only a true mastercan. Thereis one particular scene, where she fails to sell a house, and she begins tocry. Just whenyou think she is being melodramatic, she begins to beat herselfsenseless--only to thencontain herself. Ditto for Spacey and the bravura turn he gives as a man whobasicallydecides to reclaim a lost life--and focus on what is truly important in hislife. From angerto smugness--every expression is as three-dimensional as the next, showingus that he isone of our greatest actors.The film is completely adept in exploring the dysfunctional lives ofcharacters coming toterms with the meaning of their lives. These are characters who aremiserable in theirpresent states. These are characters who decide to change. Some succeed andsomefail--sometimes on their own or based on the actions of others. Others,after claiminghappiness, only loose it and seek to punish the ones that took thatmomentary nirvanaaway from them. Alan Ball directed this complex gem with the finesse only atrue mastercould posses. The theme of the movie centers around the concept of what is ordinary andwhat kind ofbeauty lies within the ordinary and you leave the theatre, after hearing thefinalvoice-over, looking around you and truly observing the significance ofeverything andhow the importance that you give to objects truly reflects the way youperceive yourselfand your place in the world.The metaphors are explored beautifully (i.e. rose petals) as are charactersmotivations(i.e. the color of hedge clippers). A film so complex in meaning, it willtake more thanone viewing to fully digest. A film so important because, like few before,it truly makes abrave and relevant comment on our place in the world and how we relate toothers. Afilm that, for me, blew away just about every other film I saw this year.