When you have a film this big and successful, it just stands to reason thata number of people are going to try to bash it. Especially when it happensto be a romance. And sure enough, I am the only male I know who has anythingpositive at all to say about it. Is all of the criticism warranted? Let'ssee...Jim Cameron didn't need to create this huge-scale, heavily detailedhistorical drama to prove to me he was a great director. This film didpretty much convince the rest of the movie-going world, though. We all knowthe story of this great luxury liner sinking to the bottom of the AtlanticOcean on that chilly April evening in 1912. The substantial loss of lifestill ranks among the great human tragedies of recent history (9/11, PearlHarbor, etc). Cameron spared no cost of either time or money to make theship and its furnishings look exactly as they would have on that maidenvoyage. In terms of technical detail, this film is without peer.The cast is generally appealing. Leo DiCaprio is far from a world-classactor, but his enthusiastic and earnest portrayal of Jack Dawson couldn'thave been done better. Kate Winslet looks right in her element as a pamperedyoung debutant trying to brake away from her boring life consisting ofendless dinners and tea parties. Kathy Bates as "The Unsinkable Molly Brown"is always likeable and the rest of the cast (mostly Brits) does a good jobof filling out their respective roles of cast and crew. Billy Zane gives thefilm's best performance as Winslet's greedy, snobbish fiancee. He is one ofour most underrated actors. And you have to love David Warner as hisbodyguard/enforcer.  As far as the special effects go, it's hard to imagine the sinking of theship could have been filmed any better. Each time you view it, you seem toget a different perspective of just how lucky any of those passengers wereto survive not only the actual sinking, but waiting around in life boats forhelp to arrive. As of this writing, only three known survivors are stillalive. One can only imagine how many countless hours it took to conceive of,shoot, and edit the last hour of the film. The results areterrific.There are flaws in the overall mix, however. Some of the dialogue (MostlyLeo's) is down right corny. "When you've got nothing, you've got nothing tolose!" or "You seem like kind of an indoor girl" are two examples. Also, thenotion that a guy from steerage class could go up and mingle with the firstclass passengers under any circumstances is not plausable. Keep in mind thata first class ticket on Titanic in today's economy would go for $80,000!These were some RICH people, and they wouldn't have let a guy like Dawsonnear them.Anyone who watches this film will have to endure numerous scenes of sappyromance. This film is a romance above all else. Just tough it out if itbothers you. It's not that bad.This film is tragic, exciting, sensual, pretentious, corny, extravagant, andeven a little cheesy. And I love EVERY DAMN MINUTE OF IT!!!!!!!!5 of 5 stars.So sayeth the Hound.