On a scale of 0 to 100; I gave American Beauty a score of99.Wow?no, I mean that. American Beauty is a film that takes my breath awayeach time I watch it, and every time I do watch it, I notice somethingnewer, something more exciting and something more funny. There is honestlyno other movie like this, and if you haven't seen it, there is somethingdonged in your head, and you must do so now.Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is in a mid-life crisis, caused by hisstressed wife Carolyn (Annette Bening) and rebelling teenage daughter Jane(Thora Birch). When Lester and Carolyn go watch Jane cheerleading, theymeetAngela Hayes (Mena Suvari), and Lester, caught in sudden lust for Angela,decides to change his life. Angela and Jane's friendship is not all itseems, too, because Angela only brags about how many times she's done itwith guys and stuff. That doesn't help an already insecure Jane very muchbut she finds solace in the arms of the next-door-neighbours' son, RickyFitts (Wes Bentley). Ricky, himself from a broken home as well, and Janefind they have a lot in common and eventually turn out to besoulmates.Everything about this film is so darkly clear, it is extremely obvious whythe Academy loved it, and it is very obvious to see that I love it. Spaceybrings Lester wildly to life in a performance reminiscent of Spacey'sactingcoach Jack Lemmon. Also on top form is Annette Bening, in anover-controlledperformance that is just so instantly loveable. While all the attentionwentto these performers, it is also Thora Birch (especially), Mena Suvari, WesBentley and a quiet Allison Janney that manage to steal the show just asmuch. Sam Mendes is an excellent director, this is his first feature, andheis a British man directing an American-based film! And he won an Oscar forit! That's an amazing achievement, ditto to Alan Ball, who's script iseffectively a stunner and an instant winner.The best film of 1999, the best film of its decade and for now anyways,American Beauty stands tall as the best film ever made.