With 'Howard's End' Merchant-Ivory brings one of the most spectacularperiod pieces. Its stunning cinematography, richly detailed visuals,distinct settings and costumes and language not only make 'old' Britainbeautiful to look at but it also manages to make the viewer feel thattime period. The accuracy to which the makers have given so muchattention really takes us back in time, as if we're living in it. Justthe way an amazing oil on canvas can grab a person's attention andcapture his/her essence. Moreover, what contributes to the beauty ofthis film is how it emotionally engages.Many period pieces face the problem of pacing and appear to be morecardboardlike and contrived. But, Ivory really took good care and put alot of heart into it. He skillfully balances all the ingredients. Hemust have loved the book to have his screenwriter, Jhabvala, adapt anexcellent screenplay. Irrelevant subplots are carefully avoided and thecharacters are very well-etched. Howards End itself is a character andthe house that was chosen to 'play' the title role is breathtaking. Onecan easily understand why Ruth Wilcox was attached to it and why theSchlegel sisters fall in love with it. The relationships are sowonderfully portrayed. The closeness between the Schlegel sisters andbrother finely contrasts that between the Wilcoxs and also that betweenthe Basts. While class distinction is an important theme, clichés andcaricatures are cleverly avoided. The dialogues are sharp, witty,poetic and clever. The entire film has a very romantic appeal to it.And, to top it all, Richard Robbins's score is mesmerizing.With such a great cast like a snobbish but ambivalent Anthony Hopkins,a fragile and desperate Vanessa Redgrave, a fiery Helena Bonham Carter,a naive Sam West, a gentle motherly Prunella Scales and a host ofbrilliant supporting actors 'Howards end' shines. However, it is thephenomenal Emma Thompson who carries and owns the film. Without adoubt, this is one of her best works. She's been one of my favouriteactress nd i always expect nothing short of greatness from her. Yet,she still managed to surprise me and blew me away with a natural,nuanced and fantastic performance.I truly don't think there's enough words for me to describe 'Howard'sEnd'. One must watch it to believe and I'm pretty sure that even thosewho dislike period pieces will change their mind after watching thismasterpiece.