An acerbic, darkly comic critique of how social conventions can leadpeople into false, sterile and emotionally stunted lives, AmericanBeauty is a real American original.Something's rotten in suburbia and it doesn't take long to get to thesource of the stink ? the Burnhams. Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is amiddle-aged burnout who is a marginalized husband to efficient,well-scrubbed Carolyn (Annette Benning) and a disregarded father tosullen teenager Jane (Thora Birch) and whose everyday life hasdegenerated into tedium. Browbeaten Lester is rejuvenated by the visionof a blonde Lolita. That the object of his obsession happens to be hisdaughter's best friend, a calculating sylph named Angela (Mena Suvari),matters not at all; he leaps into his fantasy like an enflamedteenager. Unhappy Carolyn undertakes an affair of her own while Jane,repulsed by her dad's hormonal attraction, secretly welcomes theattention of Ricky Fits (Wes Bentley), the strange, self-possessed boynext door. And just when things seem to be falling in place for theBurnhams, it all comes crashing down. If this sounds too depressing,guess again!Although it's difficult to believe that humor can be found in thistoxic portrait of superficial suburban values, predatory sexuality anddomestic violence, rest assured it earns its laughs at every turn.Screenwriter Alan Ball gives the viewer a brief, horrific tour ofcrossed wires, inchoate longing, dashed illusions and resentment thatwells from poisoned hearts with staggering self-assuredness. Sam Mendes(in one of the most promising debuts in cinematic history) whips theaudience around from humor to horror to something poetic and humane. Hesuffuses the proceedings with a palpable sense of danger, keepingfilm-goers unsettled until the very end as to what exactly motivatesthese complicated characters. But he never loses sight of the humanitybehind even the most reprehensible acts, a balancing act pulled offwith unusual acumen.American Beauty turns out to be emotionally satisfying, thanks in largepart to a remarkably nuanced performance by Kevin Spacey. He commandsthe screen with a performance of subtlety, vulnerability and supremeconfidence, in which he expresses mordant self-mockery and poignancy ina single gesture. He brings flawless comic timing to Lester'sself-absorbed, infantile and rapacious behavior while holding on to thepathos of Lester's rage. Benning turns in her finest performance todate and all three teen players give sturdy and courageous portrayalsin roles that would daunt actors twice their ages.Visually daring, dramatically astute, and beautifully acted, AmericanBeauty is a tart, funny and tremendously sobering movie about thedeepest recesses of personal unhappiness. There's a sense of poignancyat the end, but also the feeling that we have been on an incredibletrip through the lives and souls of three perfectly- realizedcharacters. The result is the kind of artful defiance that Hollywood isusually too timid to deliver: a jolting comedy that makes you laughtill it hurts!