Every once in a while the conversation will turn to "favorite movies."I'll mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will snicker. I paythem no mind because I know that five years ago, these same people weremoved to tears by that very movie. And they're too embarrassed now toadmit it.I just rewatched Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expectingto simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to find that the moviehas lost none of its power over these five years. I cried again.... inall the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember howa movie that no one thought would break even became the most popularmovie of all time. A movie that burst into the public consciousnesslike no other movie I can recall (yes, even more than Star Wars). Andtoday, many people won't even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's getsomething straight -- you don't look cool when you badmouth this film.You look like an out of touch cynic.No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults. Some of the dialoguefalls flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comestogether a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distractingthat it ruins the film.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of thefine actors of his generation. Wait 'til you see him in Gangs of NewYork before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy. Kate Winsletwas so strong in this film. The movie really was hers, and she held ittogether beautifully.James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating acompletely believable Titanic. The sinking scenes were horrific, justas they were that night. How anyone can say the effects were bad isbeyond me. I was utterly transfixed.This film is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaving port inSouthampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, rightahead!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screamsof the doomed after she went down. And that ending that brought eventhe burliest man in the theater to tears.The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was akey ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the lovetheme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's pop song versionhad to destroy this great bit of music for so many.I confess, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I relished the opportunity tosee the ship as we never got to see it -- in all its beauty. Perhapswatching it sink affected me more than some because I've had such aninterest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt many of those I sawcrying were Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron for bringing this story tothe masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy. The film was madewith such humanity.Another reviewer said it better than I ever could: Open up your heartsto Titanic, and you will not be disappointed.