I'm sure that even in 1910 when Kaiser Wilhelm still had a few fans whoremembered he was the grandson of Queen Victoria and not ruler of thesoon to be hated foe of World War I, E.M. Forster must have come in fora few critic's slings in having some of his protagonists of Howards Endhave a German surname. Even that early time there were many who sawGermany as a potential foe.These two Schlegel sisters played by Emma Thompson and Helena BonhamCarter befriend the Wilcoxes, a family of newly rich plutocrats headedby Anthony Hopkins who seem to be a version of Lillian Hellman's theHubbards lite. Their mother is the class of the family and she's playedby Vanessa Redgrave who is in poor health.While Bonham-Carter is rejected by Hopkins's son James Wilby as asuitable wife for marriage, Vanessa befriends Thompson finding her tobe a kindred intellectual spirit in a house full of moneygrubbers. Infact before she dies she writes an unsigned note asking that a cottagethat's in her family's name called Howards End be given to the Schlegelsisters. When Hopkins and the rest of the family find the note aftershe's dead it gets torn up and burned. Unsigned it has no probativevalue in any event.But as fate would have it Thompson and Hopkins get into a relationshipand they soon marry and she tries to polish some of the rough edges offhim. Especially in regard to snobbery. Hopkins is the kind of man whowants no reminders of where he came from. Particularly with another ofthe Schlegel sisters friends, a young clerk named Leonard Bast playedby Samuel West trying to make his way in the world as the Wilcoxeshave.Emma Thompson won the Academy Award for Best Actress for Howards Endthat year and the film also won Oscars for Art&Set Direction and foradapted screenplay. Though Thompson won the Oscar, my absolute favoritein this film is Susie Lindeman as Mrs. Dolly Bast. She's so incrediblycommon and obviously holding him back, you can't blame West foreventually getting involved with Bonham-Carter which leads to tragedy.The team of Ismail Merchant producer and James Ivory director succeedagain at bringing the look and manners of Edwardian England as seen byE.M. Forster to life. Who says they don't make literate films any more,whoever says that have them see Howards End.