True Romance is a film that is so well written that you almost forgetabout its faults and cliché action movie moments. I said almost.Christian Slater plays Clarence, an Elvis loving, Kunfu watching, comicbookstore nerd. He meets a hot blonde hooker named Alabama played byPatricia Arquette and they fall instantly in love. The film is writtenby Quentin Tarrantino, a former video store nerd himself, and his touchis unmistakable. The plot twists as Clarence kills Alabama's formerpimp and steals his drugs causing a chain reaction of events involvingthe Detroit Mob and the police. It's amazing how many charactersTarrantino writes for in his films and how much depth and complexitythey all have. The supporting players such as Dennis Hopper,Christopher Walken, Brad Pitt, and Chris Penn offer some of the mostmemorable moments in the film most notably a discussion on the originsof the Sicilians. The performances are all very solid especially GaryOldman as the dread locked pimp, Drexl. He transforms into thecharacter with such detail it's hard to recognize any noticeable traitsof the actor on screen. So the acting is great and the script isincredible. Where could it go wrong? The direction of the film by TonyScott for me brought the film down a few notches. The entire movie feltvery claustrophobic. There were way to many close ups that had nomotivation at all. In the final shootout he cuts from one close up toanother of people shooting and guns. It's hard to tell who is who andwhere anybody is. Its action movie film-making and overdone. That sceneis very similar to Tarrantino's first film Reservoir Dogs, which hedirected. There is a shootout in one room where basically everyonedies. The difference is how it was shot. Tarrantino shows all theaction in one static shot and it is far more effective. I still lovethis movie because the dialogue is so unique and the characters are sowell rounded and performed so strongly. Its entertaining but I wonderwhat it could have been if Tarrantino also directed it.