Generally, when I start writing my reviews, in the first paragraph Iexplain the movie's plot. This is not gonna be the case here, because'Howards End' has such a complex plot that I would lost about fourparagraphs talking about it. All I'm gonna say is that this moviefollows the events of three families in the early 20th centuryVictorian England - the aristocrats and capitalists Wilcox, thehumanistic and philanthropist Schlegels, and the poor and hard-workingBasts, and it shows how these so-different families are related to eachother.The Oscar-winning screenplay here is based on a novel by E.M. Forster.Even though I haven't read the book, the story itself is impressive,and it seems like Ruth Prawer Jhabvala took full advantage of it,making the movie extremely believable and understandable. Of coursethat are maybe parts of the book missing, but the overall effect isgreat. It's one of those movies that you don't want for it to end, itcould easily have another hour. That's why I find the ending veryunsatisfactory, since it doesn't explain what happened to some of themain characters, and a few things are just weird. The script has also afew flaws, but they doesn't tear up the whole experience.There's really nothing to talk about the acting in this movie. Onlythat its's absolutely marvelous. The cast features names like AnthonyHopkins, Emma Thompson, Vanessa Redgrave and Helena Bonham Carter, andthey are all great. There are also not so well-known names that do anice job, but they don't obfuscate the glow of these stars. It seemslike an acting contest, where everyone is a winner, especially theaudience, that is able to witness one of the best overall cast inmovie's history. Everything here feels so real and natural.This excellent acting and story really sets the mood, but it wouldn'twork with a weak director. A thing that James Ivory absolutely isn't.In order to direct this great cast and conduct this incredible script,James Ivory never lefts the audience feel bored or with that feelingthat the movie never ends. There are some really intelligent angles andshots here, some of which you'd never seen before. That's right, JamesIvory got to be original in 1992 (!). Every other aspect of this movie is perfect. The set-decoration andart- direction put you into that period in history, and thephotography, along with the soundtrack composed by an original musicscore and well- known classic songs, the mood here couldn't be better.Overral, this movie is an incredible adaption. The excellent script,along with a perfect acting and incredible direction, set-decorationand art-direction, makes this movie the perfect representation ofVictorian England. 9/10