It is quite interesting that the French title says "Return to Howard'sEnd", as if this addition pointed out the inexorable path of life thatwould allow the central character Margaret Shlegel (Emma Thompson) toown the very house she was once deprived of. Indeed, when Ruth Wilcox (Vanessa Redgrave) left in her deathbed"Howard's End" to her new friend Margaret, the Wilcoxes couldn'tbelieve she had all her mind, so they burnt the paper. Yet, a series ofseparate episodes converged to the final inheritance, making up for thefirst injustice. The French title might mislead by making think thefilm focuses on Margaret, while it's about a whole ensemble powerfullyrepresenting British classes circa 1910. And as the original title suggests, the focus is "Howard's End" not theestate, but the symbol of the aristocracy's rural roots. The filmfittingly opens with Ruth Wilcox wondering alone in the park, with thiskind of intimate connection we feel in the places we grew up in. Andthe sadness that inhabits her heart is palpable. She's obviouslymisunderstood; since no Wilcox understands "Howard's End", too busysocializing and partying during that very night.At the same night, Helen Shlegel, Margaret's sister, (Helena BonhamCarter) falls in love with the younger Wilcox son, but it wouldn'toutlast the night. The opening incident is amusing, but like everydetail in the film, not insignificant, it informs us that the Shlegelsare of a German background from their father, they are well-educatedmiddle-class bourgeois highly fond on arts and intellectuals. A fewmonths later, to make up for the whole misunderstanding caused by hersister, Margaret finally meets Ruth Wilcox, in the neighboring house inLondon and a brief but poignant friendship begins. Ruth discovers Margaret's social life, but also a woman of ideas, ofartistic taste, not blinded by wealth like the Wilcoxes, so she can seethe value of "Howard's End" And Margaret falls immediately in love withthe house during a visit where she also catches the eye of Mr Wilcox,Anthony Hopkins as the shy, well-mannered but quite abrupt businessman,again a polar opposite to Emma Thompson's temperament (but isn't thatwhat makes their interactions so irresistible?) When Ruth Wilcox dies with her final wish, Mr Wilcox feels like he owesa gesture to Margaret, some help to find a house. They end up marryingeach other, in probably the most awkward proposal from any film. Theirunion celebrates the constant symbiosis between the old aristocracy andthe new enlightened bourgeoisie, but the portrait of the Britishclasses would have been incomplete without lower people. And this iswhere the Basts enrich the film. Sam West is Leonard Bast, a young and educated clerk, leaving withJackie, a vulgarian we suspect to have a troubled past. Bast strikes asa taciturn, sickly and insecure man, and after another incidentinvolving a lost umbrella, the Shlegel sisters grow rapidly fond onhim, especially the fiery Helen. But victim of their good intentions,the sisters ask Mr Wilcox for advice: he suggests Bast leaves hiscompany before the bankruptcy. Not only Bast leaves his job, but theprevious company prospers and the second fires him. Bast, who was poor,ends up in a worse situation. Helen can't accept Wilcox' lack of remorse and brings the ill fatedBast and his wife to the Wilcox daughter's wedding party. And whileindulging herself to some punch drinking, Jackie recognizes Mr Wilcoxand his "gay old habits". The dynamics of the film is constantly drivenby incidents; it's all about the serene and honorable standard of theBritish upper classes, perturbed by wake-up calls. This one illustratesthe pervert interactions between the rich and the poor, the same Wilcoxwho didn't shed a tear for Bast, for "the poor are the poor, and one'ssorry for them" didn't care of abusing an underage woman. Margaret forgives Wilcox, but Helen can't forgive herself to havecaused Bast' descent to poverty, she stays close to him. So close thatwe're not surprised, a few months later, to find her pregnant, for theultimate plot device that highlighted the British system's greatestsin: hypocrisy. Helen is in the same position than Jackie was becauseof Wilcox, yet Wilcox forbids her to stay in Howard's End. The richdemonstrates an incredible zeal when the poor degrade British values,while their noble status launder all their faults. Wilcox, no matterhow well mannered and intentioned he is, wouldn't allow Helen to stay. And while his marriage comes to a dead-end, a failure to communicate,it's like Ruth's own spectra commanded the irresponsible Charles, themost foolish thing to do. Enthralled by his new ownership, Charlesconfronts Bast, and inadvertently kills him, leaving his father in adesperate need of Margaret, more than ever. The loop is looped, and"Howard's End" reveals itself to be more than a story of inheritanceand property, it's a magnificent Oscar-winning screenplay made ofsumptuously interlocking stories that paint an insightful and incisiveportrait of the British classes, their interactions, and perceptions.And the ending translates into a fictional story, the very future ofBritain, an aristocratic house left to a bourgeois, and who's going tobenefit of it? The son of a poor man. "Howard's End" is not just a riveting story, carried by superbperformances -Emma Thompson totally deserved her Oscar as the sweet,caring but strong-willed Margaret- it's also the magnificent epitaph ofan old order, in the same intensity and human resonance than "Gone Withthe Wind", like only the Ivory-Merchant could have produced. Speaking of them, I'm glad I watched it after "The Remains of the Day",for the magnificent chemistry between Hopkins and Thompsons, probablythe defining on-screen duo of the 90's (both nominated 4 times in thisvery decade) made up for their previous inhibitions.