Tarantino wrote an outstanding story/script and Tony Scott perfectlycaptured his vision on screen.True Romance is probably the best romance film I have ever seen, andthe fact that Quentin Tarantino had something to do with it gives youthe answer as to why. Ultra violent and seedy, you wouldn't expect anything less...,Tarantino seriously sprinkles some hardcore magic dust onto all of hisprojects creating the quality and style we are used to from him. Clarence Worley (Christian Slater) receives an unexpected gift for hisbirthday, a prostitute called Alabama Whitman (Patricia Arquette), butClarence falls in love with Alabama and vows to free and marry her, hedoes so by confronting her pimp Drexl Spivey (Gary Oldman) and"accidentally" kills him. Clarence breaks the news to his new love andreveals he has succeeded in taking back her possessions from Drexl, butthe contents of the suitcase aren't Alabama's possessions, it is alarge quantity of cocaine. The couple agree to leave Detroit and travelto California with the drugs as Clarence's contact, Dick Ritchie(Michael Rapaport) can sell the drugs there. High-jinks and classic twists and turns ensue as the mob lead byVincenzo Coccotti (Christopher Walken) want what they claim to betheirs (the cocaine) back. This leads to a rather hilarious scenebetween Walken and Dennis Hopper, filmed in vintage Tarantino style,having a comical discussion before Hopper is shot dead. Clarence and Alabama arrive in California where they meet Dick, hisroommate Floyd (Brad Pitt) and a guy called Elliot (Bronson Pinchot),Elliot agrees to get rid of the drugs and makes the arrangements withLee Donowitz (Saul Rubinek).At this stage in the film, there is a very aggressive fight, akin todomestic abuse between one of the mobsters played by the late JamesGandolfini and Alabama. This scene can be upsetting to some viewers asAlabama is seriously knocked about and in a critical condition towardsthe end, her face is a mangled mess and her body is cut, bruised andbleeding; yet in a cinematic sense the scene is quite beautiful and oneof the most famous in this very infamous film. True Romance is enjoyable because of the aforementioned "magicalTarantino touch" or MTT for short, the guy can take literally anythingand turn it into gold, there's no other way to explain why this film issimply so good, the plot is simple, the whole story is simple, but it'show it's filled that counts, and True Romance fills its story withintegrate little details, paying attention and making even its slowerpoints or "filler" meaningful and enjoyable, this is something not agreat deal of films bother with. Pop culture runs wild in True Romance, as it does in the equallyenjoyable Pulp Fiction, the music, bright colours, tongue in cheeklanguage and dialogue, it pulls no punches and holds nothing back foranyone, a complete and utter politically incorrect film. I was astounded by the amazing performance and work rate put in byPatrica Arquette, who could've guessed that in her younger days shereally was a stunner? Perfect for the role of Alabama, her chemistrywith Christian Slater was so convincing too, and his performance wasone of my favourites of all his films. A cult classic in every sense, and a highly enjoyable film to boot, Icould watch True Romance over and over and never grow tired, justbrilliant!