"True Romance" is a high speed crime thriller with plenty of action,romance and dark humour and a collection of characters that make everyscene bristle with excitement and interest. The plot is fascinatingthroughout, the dialogue is witty and entertaining and the star-studdedcast deliver some great performances. A story about a young couple onthe run may not seem strikingly original but this one is told with somuch flamboyance, dynamism and panache that it's completelyirresistible and tremendously enjoyable to watch.Clarence Worley (Christian Slater) is totally obsessed with comicbooks, movies and Elvis Presley and seems to have very few friends.Whilst he's spending his birthday alone at a cinema watching a SonnyChiba triple feature, he gets into conversation with an attractiveblonde called Alabama Whitman (Patricia Arquette) and they end upspending the night together at Clarence's place. It later emerges thatAlabama is a call girl who'd been paid to entertain Clarence by the manwho owns the book store where he works. Despite this unpromising startto their relationship, Clarence and Alabama fall in love and getmarried the following day.Clarence is a guy who periodically has conversations with Elvis' ghostwho acts as a mentor to him and during one such conversation Elvisadvises him of the need to kill Alabama's pimp, a dreadlocked sadistcalled Drexl (Gary Oldman). After telling Drexl about Alabama's changeof status and that she won't be working for him any more, things soondescend into violence and Clarence kills the pimp and one of hishenchmen before taking, what he believes to be, Alabama's suitcase ofclothes with him. When the couple discover that the case actuallycontains $500,000 worth of uncut cocaine, they decide to leave Detroitand head off to California.Clarence plans to use his old friend, an aspiring actor called DickRitchie (Michael Rapaport), to make the necessary connections to aHollywood producer who is likely to be interested in purchasing thecoke. Unfortunately, a number of complications develop during thesetting up of the deal and things get difficult as it soon becomesclear that a couple of L.A. detectives as well as the gangsters whoowned the cocaine are on their trail.Quentin Tarantino's script is an outstanding feature of this movie andcontains all the intensity and sparkle that normally characterises hiswork as well as a good supply of witty one-liners. There are threescenes that particularly stand out. The first is one in whichClarence's father gets interrogated by a high-ranking Siciliangangster, the second is a violent confrontation involving Alabama and ahit-man and the third is a Mexican standoff which brings together ,Clarence and his associates, the gangsters, the police and theHollywood producer and his bodyguards in a situation where tensions arerunning extremely high and everyone is heavily armed. These scenes areall incredibly violent but, especially in the first and last scenes,the way in which humour is used is both skillful and very effective.The entire cast in this exceptionally entertaining movie is excellentwith Dennis Hopper, Christopher Walken and Gary Oldman providing themost impressive performances and Brad Pitt standing out as Dick'sperpetually stoned roommate.