When Clarence meets Alabama they hit if off immediately and fall in love.Sowhen she reveals she is a call girl hired to get him laid on his birthdayitdoesn't matter, and they get married.  Clarence decides to make Alabama'sbreak from the job official by collecting her stuff from her pimp.Howeverwhen that meeting turns into a bloodbath he mistakenly picks up a suitcasefull of drugs.  The pair say their goodbyes and make off with the drugs tosell them in LA, however the drugs leave a track behind them, one thatboththe mob and the police follow.In the height of Tarantino fever, several of his scripts got quicklydustedoff and handed to big name directors in an effort to capitalise on thepublic flavour for his dialogue and mix of pop culture references andviolence.  True Romance was one such film and, in fairness it does fairlywell to emulate the films of the writer himself - big cast, snappydialogue,violent shoot outs and so on.  In fact the film lifts his style to theextent that it even rips off (or homage's) other films - most notably inthetheme music that is almost a photocopy of Badlands.The film wears this a little too obviously and clearly is trying very hardto be Tarantino-esque, most of the time it works out but at times I justwanted it to relax a little bit.  The plot is pure geek wish fulfilmentmixed with crime thriller; a beautiful woman picks up a comic-book fan inacinema showing a martial arts triple bill!  It works reasonably well byfilling the scenes with colourful characters, pop culture dialogue andviolence - at times it gets a bit much and I wanted characters to talknormally without a wall-to-wall soundtrack just some of the time; howeveritdoes have some very good scenes at times.  Stand outs are the scene withWalken and Hopper and the scene where Alabama takes a beating, but, if youlike Tarantino's films then you should be happy with most ofthis.The style of the film is a little uneven.  As I said, it is really tryinghard to be a Tarantino film but at the same time you can see Scott'sglossyaction-movie hands all over it!  The two don't really fit together all thetime and would honestly rather have had a different director at the helm.The cast however is as deep as Tarantino films were drawing at the time -everyone wanted the chance to be cool!  Slater is cool and fits the rolewell and even Arquette manages to be quite good, although her narration isabout as flat and dull as they come.  It is the support cast though, whothefilm belongs to.  The film has roles for a variety of people whether it benon-speaking roles or one or two scenes.  In a way this is a bad thingbecause some great actors have nothing to do and are wasted but overalltheeffect is good and each cameo makes an impact.  When a cast includes ValKilmer, Dennis Hopper, Gary Oldman, Brad Pitt, Christopher Walken, BronsonPinchot, Samuel L Jackson, Victor Argo, Michael Rapaport, Saul Rubinek,James Gandolfini, Chris Penn and Tom Sizemore it has to be at least worthchecking out!Despite the fact that Tarantino's words in another directors hands doesn'tfeel that right, and the fact that Scott's very slick Hollywood directiondoesn't quite match with Tarantino's much less establishment writing thisisstill a good film.  As you'd expect it rips off every `lovers on the run'movie that you'll have seen but it still is funny and slick enough tostandup for the rather generous running time.  It may bottle the brave endingofthe original script but it has some very good scenes along theway.