Knowing this film was written by Tarantino, it was a no-brainer that itwould be violent and rich in dialogue. It also seemed like a strangetitle since Tarantino has never directed a romance story, and thismovie is only devoted to the titular romance at certain moments. Ratherthan focusing on the actual romance, this film primarily focuses on theaftermath of Clarence's decision to "rescue" Alabama from her pimp.What I mean by this is that the movie is driven by the fact that peopleare after Clarence once he steals some cocaine as well as by Clarence'ssense of freedom by sitting on a fortune as long as he sells the coke.The romance is something that compliments this story.When the romance is actually given attention in the film it proves tobe interesting. Clarence learns that Alabama is a prostitute who hisboss had hired to show Clarence a good time on his birthday, and thismakes no difference to his feelings for Alabama. She is touched that hegenuinely had a good time with her - the greatest time he has had witha girl in his whole life. Sex is not the deciding factor here; Clarenceloves Alabama for who she is, what she loves, her comforting presence.Perhaps this is the meaning of the title - the romance is formedregardless of the situation of how the two met. The two are togetherthroughout the movie, but it is a shame that most of the film focuseson the crime Clarence becomes involved in rather than the dynamics ofthis relationship.This movie is made up of a stellar cast, and it is a shame that a goodamount of recognizable names are only in the film very briefly. ThoughTarantino only wrote this film we see a lot of faces found in filmswhich he directed: Brad Pitt, Samuel L Jackson, Christopher Walken, andChris Penn. Christian Slater as Clarence is a perfect fit for the rolethough he is not a well-known actor. He adds great personality toClarence who is a true Tarantino character, defined by his taste in popculture, as well as just a touch of craziness to make his desperationbelievable.Perhaps it is because this film is directed by Tony Scott and notTarantino, but True Romance is a decent story which lacks Tarantino-level energy, especially in its action sequences. True Romance is a funexperience if you keep in mind it is a screenplay by Tarantino in hisearly days.3.0/4.0