American Beauty. By title and cover I was expecting some unoriginalromantic comedy, but it turned out I didn't really have a clue as towhat was waiting for me. I bought it on coincidence - it was on sale ata supermarket store. I'm grateful for the nature of coincidence.Curiously, I loaded up the opening scene. A girl wanting to kill herfather. This was hardly the comedy I was thinking it would be. But whatwas it then...? The movie goes on and the father - Lester Burnhaminitiates a voice-over, accounting for his current life or lack thereof. In calm honesty he shamelessly confesses the failure he considershimself to be. Furthermore, he condemns and rejects the moral valuesand norms that he has apparently been living with for very long, as hehas come to realize that they don't provide the any joy in his life.This was something that spoke to my mind. It felt very real.This is a movie about rebellion. Rebellion towards your surroundingsfor having evolved into a character you cannot identify with. Forpetrifying emotionally and personally inside as a sacrifice to conforminto the life you're supposedly living.During Lesters initial voice-over, we're told that Lester will be deadwithin a year and Lester tells us that, in a way, he feels as thoughhe's already dead.Lester doesn't really become aware of what he's missing until onenight, when he's dragged to a sports event by his wife, in order towatch his daughter perform as a cheerleader. During the performance,Lester spots Angela, a high-school friend of his daughter and abeautiful girl. Suddenly, Lester realizes that he's missing something,that he needs something and the following nights he's dreaming aboutthis girl. During these days, a series of incidents wakes up Lester andhe radically begins reshaping his character.The movie continues and at the end Lester does die - just like hepredicted, but he didn't die as a dead man. He died very alive.This movie had a significant meaning for me in my teenage yearssearching for identity. It served as inspiration for my character. It'sa savoring, yet nutritious meal for anyone hungering for genuinebeauty.Everyone here are urging you to look closer at this movie. Don'thesitate. Do it. You won't regret it.