This is by far one of the best, if not THE, movies of the 90's."American Beauty" stole my vote immediately as I started watching it.The idea and concept of "American Beauty" is just some ordinary peopleon an ordinary block with ordinary lives.Kevin Spacey plays Lester Burnam, a middle aged married man who haslost some hope in life. He has a job that is degrading, a wife whorefuses to show any type of loving emotion towards him, a daughter whopractically hates herself, and is judged constantly as a looser. Butall of a sudden, he sees his daughter's friend, Angela, and somethingsnaps in him to do something with his life. He quits his job and takes,the dreaded by most Americans, a fast food cook job. He starts workingout and doing some illegal substances. Even though this sounds like heis ruining his life, it actually helps him and makes him realize howmuch he loves "the precious moments in his stupid little life." Youhave no idea what he is talking about I'm sure, but don't worry, youwill some day. Kevin Spacey was by far the best actor in 1999 anddeserved this Oscar 100%.Annete Benning plays Carol Burnam, Lester's wife. She is a very fakeand unsuccessful real estate agent who cannot get a sale. Her image inlife is "in order to be successful, one most project an image ofsuccess at all times". You can tell, she is not happy with her marriageand starts to have an affair with the big boss of the real estatecompany. Again, seems horrible, but it helps her in the end. Annete wasunfortunately robbed of an Oscar for this film.The supporting cast: Thora Birtch who plays Janie, Lester and Carol'sdaughter, is extremely depressed and hates her body and herself. Butwhen she notices a strange boy next door and develops a relationshipwith him, she realizes how precious life is and starts communicatingwith her family. Mena Suvari plays Angela, Janie's best friend,Lester's crush, and a girl who is clearly insecure despite her attemptsat showing her sexy side to every guy in town. Wes Bentley plays Ricky,the next door neighbor boy who looks at something as simple as a bagbeing tossed in the wind as something beautiful. Some say that this wasa very stupid scene, but I disagree. His dialog was perfect and made uslook twice at something so simple. He won most of our hearts despitehaving somewhat of an arrogant attitude. Wes without a doubt got robbedof a nomination for this movie. Chris Cooper plays Ricky's father, Col.Frank Fits. He is a military Sergent who is very abusive to his wifeand son and is an obvious homophobic that turns into an ironicsituation in the end. Chris also should've been nominated.The most stunning character actually to me was Allison Janney whoplayed Barbara Fits, Ricky's mom, and Frank's wife. She was sobeautiful and perfect. Her scene in the front room with Frank andRicky, everything is so quite, and she says "I'm sorry, what?". Rickysays "Mom, no one said anything". When Ricky gets kicked out by Frankafter a horrible accusation, Ricky says "Mom, I'm leaving". Instead ofbeing like the average mom and trying to stop him or say things willget better, she knows this is best and says "OK. Wear a raincoat".Allison was just amazing and didn't get enough credit for her role.If there could have been nominations for every role in this movie, theywere well deserved. This is a terrific movie that should be watched byevery adult. It'll make you look again at your life and think. What agreat movie.10/10