I first saw this in theaters back in 1999.  I loved it.  I really reallyloved it.  I've seen it four or five times since, and each time, I like itless.  I just saw it again a couple of days ago, and I stopped it beforeitwas over.  At that moment, I decided to sell my DVD.  It has now beenexcised from my DVD Collection, about which I have considerablepride.The main reason is that I have come to feel very strongly that this filmdoesn't know what it wants to say.  It takes a bunch of characters,constructs various relationships between them, and sets them loose to runaround for two hours, at the end of which, what have we learned?I've heard lots of people make comparisons between this film and anotherhighly acclaimed movie of 1999 which I hate:  Fight Club.  Both filmsinclude philosophically flimsy but highly entertaining critiques ofmaterialism.  With Fight Club, the critique on materialism is made by thecharacter who turns out to be the villain of the piece, who seeks toreplaceit with fascism.  In American Beauty, the anti-consumerist is, first ofall,a total hypocrite, and second of all, has a life changing epiphany themoment before his death, but never gets a chance to expound upon what thatepiphany was.On the hypocrisy charge, consider the oft-quoted scene when Lester Burnham(magnificently portrayed by Kevin Spacey) yells at his wife Carolyn(playedin an over-the-top caricature by Annette Bening) for placing too high avalue on material things, in this case, a sofa.  Fine.  He makes a goodpoint.  No one else seems to have noticed, however, that this is preciselythe same scene where it is revealed that Lester has bought a 1970 PontiacFirebird.  Since we at no time see Lester enjoying the use of his car, theimplication is that possession of the object is a good in itself, which isthe very apex of materialism.There are lots of other things that we don't see, and I never noticeduntilI "looked closer" how conspicuous they are in their absence.  We never seeAngela or Jane don a cheerleading uniform after their initial cheerleadingscene.  They never make any reference to being cheerleaders.  The wholeconcept of cheerleading, then, is merely a mechanism (and quite acontrived,not to mention cliched mechanism at that) to introduce Lester to Angela.I also noticed, when I looked closer, how painfully bad much of thedialoguegiven to the younger characters is.  "Lame-o"  "Geekboy"  "Take a whizz"It's just horrid.  And why, exactly, was Jane looking at a breastaugmentation website?  First of all, her breasts don't appear to needaugmenting (when I saw this in theaters, I thought she must want to reduceher breasts, but upon looking closer, the computer monitor clearly says"augmentation", which means a process of adding to).The worst flaw of the film, by far, is the fact that we have one horriblecliche repeated twice in the space of minutes in the final act.  Thehomophobic marine turns out to be a repressed homosexual, and the sluttycheerleader turns out to be a virgin.  For the love of God, who let thosetwo howlers slip through.  Bad enough that either made the final cut, butboth?!!  It defies understanding.The scene that made me turn the film off, this final time that I watchedit,was the scene were Jane and Ricky decide to run off together.  I was neververy comfortable with this scene, because, call me conservative, I'm justnot thrilled about a girl dropping out of school at the tender age ofseventeen (or so) and running off with her drug dealer boyfriend.  Butwhatreally got my goat was when Ricky ridiculed Angela by calling herordinary.Fair enough, Angela had it coming.  But for Ricky to not only acceptAngela's principle that ordinariness is bad, but to use it against her...that bothered me.  Ordinariness or lack thereof is not a valid criterionforjudging the worth of a human being.  Ricky, having been set up (clumsily)asa heroic character, shouldn't have descended to such a twisted and hatefulprinciple.The whole film has the feel of having been made up as it went along.  Itisradically different from how it was originally planned to go.  The preludesequence and the scene later in the film which it foreshadowed have becomeutterly pointless since the removal of the subplot about Jane and Rickybeing blamed for Lester's murder.  Now, that subplot is a bit ridiculous,and was cut for a good reason, I agree.  But why leave the set up ifyou'recutting the payoff?  [Notice that Ricky shuts off the camera before Janesays "You know I'm joking, right?"]The sequence where Col. Fitts spies on Ricky and Lester is straight out of"Three's Company."  Fitts sees just enough to draw the conclusion that thewriter wants him to draw, and nothing else.  That's a classic example (andthe most blatant I can recall from any film) of bad, contrived plotting.What exactly was up with Mrs. Fitts?  Presumably, her scenes meantsomethingin some previous, unreleased version of the story.  The initial meetingbetween Lester and Ricky is built on numerous coincidences... Ricky justhappens to be working there, and he works there just long enough to meetLester!!!  And what self-respecting drug dealer would give a man $2,000worth of merchandise on the assumption that he'd be willing/able to payforit later?  It would have been more contrived if Lester happened to have$2,000 in cash while jogging, but "I know you're good for it" isn't muchbetter.This film is ambitious.  There are lots of individual pieces of greatnessinit.  There are a lot of really good ideas.  But on a fundamental level, itjust doesn't work.  