Howards End is a story of class in a society evolving as it goes fromthe Victorian to the Edwardian era.The Schlegel's are a middle class, open minded liberal family who haveoriginated from Germany. The Wilcox are an upper class family, living acomfortable existence.As Henry Cox (Anthony Hopkins) states during the film 'The poor arepoor, and one's sorry for them but there it is.'Howards End is a house in the fringe of the country owned by Mrs Wilcox(Vanessa Redgrave) left to her by her brother. In ill health andenchanted Margaret Schlegel (Emma Thompson) she scribbled in a piece ofpaper in pencil that she wanted to have Margaret have the house.Margaret does not know about this as the family burnt the piece ofpaper after her death.Leonard Bast a lowly clerk comes across Helen Schlegel (Helena BonhamCarter) who mistakenly took his umbrella a chain of events that willultimately lead to a downward spiral for him and his wife.The chain is linked as we go through the film, Helen had a fling withon the the Wilcox's children. Later on it emerges that Mr Wilcox oncehad a fling with Mrs Bast.We see as the film progresses that the families have differentattitude. Leonard Bast might be lower class but he has his pride as hestrives for employment. The Schlegel's are in essence Fabians strivingfor radical reform, votes for women.The Wilcox are paternal, a rather superior and supercilious attitudethat pervades with their children that will eventually result in tragicconsequences.Eventually Margaret winds up marrying Mr Wilcox, we can never fathomwhy she wants to marry this older widower who appears to be cold evenaloof and has grown up children. In doing so Margaret feels the need tosocial climb and maintain a facade of not rocking the establishmentuntil Helen ends up in a spot of bother.By then Margaret realises the hypocrisy of the upper classes. Forsterwrote about themes of class hypocrisy and hidden passion. Here we alsonotice in the adapted screenplay who thing come around to bite you onthe backside.Early on in the film after The Wilcox move into the apartment oppositethem, the Schlegel brother remarks here is the boy I was suppose tothrash. A remark that is thrown back at him in contempt later on by oneof the Wilcox children.Of course at the conclusion Howards End, the house itself makes apoetic journey to its rightful owner.The film is long, it can be dense leisurely going on as a picturepretty chocolate box Merchant/Ivory production. It does require asecond viewing for you to get the subtleties of the Oscar winningscreenplay.