Winner of 6 Academy Awards including Best Picture in the year that hadheavyweights such as Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction, Frank Darabont'sThe Shawshank Redemption & Disney's The Lion King, Forrest Gump isn'tas impressive as the above-mentioned classics but its optimistic takeon the unpredictability of life, stability between its genre elements,and a charismatic performance from Tom Hanks turns it into a cinemathat's as heartwarming as it is amusing.Based on the novel of the same name, Forrest Gump tells the story ofits titular character, a simple-minded, kind-hearted & good-natured guyfrom Alabama whose life turns out to be a wicked blend of luck &destiny as he steers through as well as influences some of the historicmoments of the second half of 20th century America. However, despiteaccomplishing great things in life, what he covets most is the love ofthe woman he grew up with, who never reciprocates his feelings.Directed by Robert Zemeckis, Forrest Gump is a series of brief episodesstitched into one wonderfully layered tapestry and is expertly narratedfrom start to finish. There are a few hiccups in between but it is asmooth adventurous ride for the most part. Eric Roth's screenplay takesliberty with the source material but what's admirable about it is itsrelentless focus on the central character. It does allow its supportingcharacters to breathe but none of them have an arc that's compellingenough.Production design team does a stellar job in recreating thetime-specific surroundings. Visual effects is extensively appliedthroughout the story plus its tinkering with the archival footages ofsome of United States' most significant events of the later half of the20th century was a VFX feat of its time. There aren't any glaringissues with its camera-work. Editing fails to give it a tightly-knitted structure, while the background score & incorporated songs arein sync with the unfolding events & depicted timeline.Coming to the performances, Forrest Gump features a dependable cast inTom Hanks, Robin Wright, Gary Sinise, Mykelti Williamson & Sally Field,and although everyone does well in their given roles, the film ispowered by Hanks' outstanding performance. Fresh off his Oscar-winningrole in Philadelphia, Hanks chips in with another smashing work and isthe soul of this tale. And he's well supported by Sinise & Field whoplay Forrest's platoon leader & mother respectively while Wright ablyportrays the self-destructive life of his love interest, Jenny.On an overall scale, Forrest Gump often gets a lot of flak forstripping both Pulp Fiction & The Shawshank Redemption off theirdeserving accolades but it does have a heart & identity of its own. Iwasn't very impressed by it during my first viewing but it has managedto grow on me over the years and now I do admire its positive outlookon life & the numerous mysteries it has in store. A delightful comedy,an emotionally resonant drama & nicely covering the themes of love,loss, redemption & stupidity, Forrest Gump is one of the best films ofits year. Definitely recommended.