Take a look at the credentials of True Romance. Firstly, director TonyScott - brother of Ridley - had made a series of visually hyper-activeand ultra-violent action movies (Beverly Hills Cop II, Revenge, TheLast Boy Scout). Secondly, writer Quentin Tarantino had penned anddirected the ground-breaking Reservoir Dogs. Thirdly, the castcomprises of a gallery of supporting slimeballs played by edgycharacter-actors, each of whom had given the world some of THEunforgettable screen characters in their earlier films (Dennis Hopper,Gary Oldman, Christopher Walken, Val Kilmer, Ed Lauter, BronsonPinchot). Anyone expecting True Romance to be a quiet, low-key, gentlecrime caper would have to have spent their lives on Mars! True to theform of its blood-obsessed talents it is an energetic, foul-mouthed,relentlessly violent, curiously comical crime thriller which commandsattention in spite of its intentional excesses.In Detroit, young comic book store worker Clarence Worley (ChristianSlater) hooks up with a prostitute named Alabama (Patricia Arquette) ata late-night movie theatre. Within a few hours they are in love, andsoon after that they get married. But Clarence still feels the urge toconfront Alabama's pimp, the dreadlocked psycho Drexl (Gary Oldman), onthe one hand so that he can claim back her suitcase full of personalbelongings and on the other because deep down inside he wants to hurtthe pimp's pride. Their confrontation turns ugly and Clarence ends upkilling his vicious rival; afterwards he leaves the scene with what hebelieves is Alabama's suitcase, but it transpires later that he haswalked away with a different suitcase containing a fortune in uncutcocaine. Clarence and Alabama skip town and head for Hollywood, hopingto offload the drugs onto a movie star or producer at a cut price.Unfortunately, both the cops and the drug kingpins are keen to get holdof the suitcase full of cocaine too, so they put men on Clarence'strail. Clarence meets up with his old pal Dick (Michael Rappaport), nowa struggling bit player in Hollywood, who via a contact arranges a drugsale with an ace movie producer (Saul Rubinek). Unknown to each otherthe various parties who covet the coke-loaded suitcase draw nearer to afatal, blood-drenched rendezvous in an LA hotel room from which no-onecan expect to walk away alive....True Romance is full of terrific hard-boiled dialogue and comical popculture references. Slater is brilliant in the leading role, as isArquette as his likably weird wife, but it's the gallery of crookedsupporting characters who rule this movie. Walken has a chillingone-scene cameo; Hopper is terrific as Clarence's estranged father;Brad Pitt turns up briefly as a totally spaced-out drug addict; andOldman is instantly fearsome in his electrifying scenes as the sadisticpimp. Tony Scott piles up the body count with one stylishly violentscene after another, all set to a soundtrack that is a trash-cultureaficionado's wet dream. All the cursing, blood-letting, sex, drugs androck 'n' roll eventually lose their impact through sheer repetition,but even then there's still the acting and dialogue to fall back on.You may need to have an amoral streak - or certainly a degree oftolerance - to enjoy True Romance, but if you like your movies fast,mean and outrageously raw you'll probably have a blast.