It was great to see the humble beginnings of Quentin Tarantino. TrueRomance was the first script he sold. He wanted to direct it himselfbut no one was willing to give him the chance so Tony Scott got thejob. I haven't heard much about Tony Scott but I think with Tarantinodirecting it would have been a better movie. It lacks that goofy feelthat pervades through Tarantino's movies. The love for movies and justplain fun that is so integral to a Tarantino movie is missing in TrueRomance. Still, True Romance is a good movie. Stylistically influencedby Terence Malick's 1973 film Badlands it also stands as a movie in itsown right. Who knew Tarantino was such a sap and could right halfwaydecent romantic dialogue? The voice-over narration and the backgroundscore is where it heavily borrows from Badlands and of course theserial killers on the run. But Alabama and Clarence aren't serialkillers on the run. They are just people wanting to start over and tryto live a better life, a happier life. But Tarantino will not let themdo it easily. There are gangsters, Hollywood movie producers, oldfriends, drugs, policeman and guys with wires. More often than notTarantino's movies have a variety of different plot that collide andall hell breaks loose. We witness this again and have a Mexicanstandoff. I guess that is where the problem lies. Tony Scott justdirected the movie and I guess he didn't care so much about thecharacters and the Mexican standoff became very predictable in the lasthalf hour of the movie and the action scenes were a little too cheesy.The supporting cast features some of the biggest stars of today. BradPitt, James Gandolfini to name a few. Back then I guess they were juststarting out. It is great fun to see a young James Gandolfini a coupleof years before he played Tony Soprano doing what he does best. It'ssurprising how Michael Rappaport frequently plays the old friend of thelead character. He plays the same character in Beautiful Girls and someSchwarzenegger movie. I guess this was the movie that made him typecastin that role. The cast is decent. I never really like Christian Slaterthat much. His voice always irritates me but he's done a decent job inthe film. The female decent is quite good actually. She is very prettyand plays her role with aplomb. True Romance is about well a TrueRomance. How two people meet and realize they are perfect for eachother. It is about innocence and losing, grabbing chances and trying tostruggle for something better. A better future. Because mostly thingsgo wrong. But sometimes they go the other way too . . . . . . The otherway too . . . . . . . . . . . .