Despite its elegant temperance, each time you see Howards End, it movesyou differently. It bids filmmaking techniques obliged in no way to theindustrialized indelicacy of innumerable modern movies, but togetherwith an gracefully telling script and faultless acting all around fromAnthony Hopkins, in addition to Redgrave and most particularlyThompson, what separates Merchant-Ivory's Edwardian cross-stitch areits characters' multifaceted inner lives. On top of its psychologicalsharpness with character and relationships, it takes in hand a pungentsubject, the modern world, destined to wound everyone and transformeverything. The issue is how big the transformation.The film begins not directly but sidelong, with a tangential butimportant relationship. Sure, the Schlegels and Wilcoxes appeardiametrically opposed. The former siblings are well-mannered, refinedpeople with an active attraction to London's intellectual to-do. Thelatter, by comparison, are epitomized by patriarch Henry, thepersonification of conquering capitalism. The prosperous head of arubber company, Henry is curt, aloof, often unsympathetic. Yet when theWilcoxes come to London and take a flat across from the Schlegels,Margaret and Henry's wife Ruth rekindle their contact. Unlike hervenal, petty family, Ruth is captivated by English custom, and theHowards End land, which is the property of her, not Henry. While shewouldn't appear to have much in common with the forthcoming, modernMargaret, the two tap an implicit emotional connection.In the meantime, excitable Helen mistakenly takes the wrong umbrella asshe leaves a lecture, involuntarily meeting Leonard Bast. The superbscene where he pursues her in a rainstorm demonstrates virtuallywithout words these divergent characters. An underpaid insurance clerk,Bast is in financially insecure circumstances, which makes him awkwardand squeamish. A perceptive soul, he's stunned by the Schlegels'stress-free, high-spirited habits and by their fluently romantic worldthey so naturally occupy. While Forster's characters clearly double forvarying social classes, this cinematic crochet takes them into accountjust as people.The film bothers to give its wide-ranging characters the liberty toreveal their nuances and complications. They slowly betray who they arenot merely to us but to themselves and one another. None of this wouldbe feasible without acting of the most precise order, and the film soharmonizes actor with character, it's reasonable to consider theseroles career acmes for all involved.Carter is seamless as a woman who is all action. At the reverse end ofthe emotional dimension is Anthony Hopkins' vibrantly memorable work asan archetype of male power, more unmoved by justice than he is unjust.Though she doesn't have "heaps" of screen time, as Margaret would putit, Redgrave makes a particular imprint as Ruth, a helpless spirit froma disappearing world. The film's beginning, with Ruth drifting aroundthe moody twilight of the Howards End garden, peering in at a vigorousdinner party, is a concise approach to introducing a drama thatunderscores intuitive bonds from across fences.But, if one performance is the nucleus of this photographic lacework,it's Thompson's. Margaret is the sole character with the honorablemight to tackle a society deepening its divides. She appears initiallyjust happy-go-lucky. But Thompson propels an emotive astuteness andincreasingly lets us glean through that shell to how prudent andsensitive Margaret is. An actress who can shatter your heart bybroadening her gaze, Thompson dominates this role and makes civilityand modesty histrionically absorbing. The conquest of this intrinsicworth, like Howards End's, occurs step by step.