Sam Mendes' big screen directorial debut will one day be mentioned alongwith classic greats like Psycho, Vertigo, 2001 and Sunset Blvd., which itcleverly mimics in a certain way. That way, I won't ruin it, if like me,youstayed away from all reviews and talk about American Beauty until youactually saw the movie. To my surprise, I somewhat succeeded.The script, wonderfully written by Alan Ball, who like Mendes is doing hisfirst try in this certain ball park, and hitting a home run. Sorry for thecheesy analogy, but I may talk like that through out this review becausethis is the kind of movie where words can do no justice and it's almostimpossible to translate your feelings into words. A similar experiencehappened to me earlier this year with Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut. Butback to American Beauty."When You've Got Nothing To Lose, You Might As Well RiskEverything."~Tagline for this film.That is probably one of the most accurate taglines I've ever read in mylife. Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey, in what may be the best role of hiscareer, which used to be Swimming With Sharks) is reaching hismid-fourties.Uh-oh, mid-life crisis time, he rarely ever talks to his daughter (ThoraBirch) whose feelings for him, border on hate. He and his wife Carolyn,(Annette Benning, being able to make me forget about In Dreams) constantlybicker and the whole Burnham family quietly sit at the dinner table exceptfor the occasional quibble about this or that, for instance ("Mom, why dowehave to listen to this elevator music?")The new next door neighbors, the Fitts, move in one day. Colonel Fitts(Chris Cooper, giving one of the finest supporting character performancesthis year), is a hard-core Army officer. (Every six months, he makes hissonRicky take a urine test to make sure he's not on drugs.) His idea of fun issitting in front of the t.v. at night with his wife (Allison Janney)watching shows of Army Cadets training.Ricky Fitts is a hopeless optimistic. He is what Dawson (from the Creek)wishes he could be. Ricky walks around everywhere with his hand heldcamcorder (while selling dope of the side) filming all the beauty in theworld. ("Sometimes, there's so much beauty in the world that it overwhelmsme and my heart feels like it's going to cave in). He finds a new subjecttoadd to his beauty collection of film. Lester's daughter, Janey. At firstshedoesn't like his new interest in her and thinks he's weird, but as the filmprogresses, they get to know each other and she starts to understand Ricky,and instead of thinking he's weird, thinking he's special. Special in beingable to find beauty in the most minor and trivial things you can think of.("Would you like to see the most beautiful thing I've ever filmed?" Thatturns out to be a 15 minute shot of a plastic bag flying in the wind, rightbefore it snows.)One night, Carolyn, in an effort to help Lester save his relationship withJaney, (although, it could be her trying to save her own relationship withher daughter) makes Lester go with her to a basketball game at Janey's highschool, where she cheerleads. Lester meets Janey's best friend Angela (MenaSuvari, in an interesting turn from Choir Girl in American Pie). Angelasetssomething off inside Lester and wakes him up from his 20 year sleep andmakes him start changing and living life to the fullest. ("I feel like I'vebeen in a coma for the past 20 years and am just beginning to wakeup).Although this is work of an ensemble cast, this is really Spacey's forum.The acting throughout this film is remarkable. Newcomer Wes Bently wasexcellent as the outcast Ricky, who came off as shy, yetconfident.The cinematography in this film is majestically beautiful, in every frame,it's almost as if you're invited right into the scene. For instance, in onescene when Spacey came home from a cocktail party with Benning, he was inthe refrigerator getting a root beer and out popped Suvari, I was soentranced into that scene, that I actually felt Spacey's startle when hesawher.This movie could be categorized as a drama, although throughout the movie,I had a smile on my face. I got to know these characters, almost as if, asfriends. In a gossipy kind of way, I couldn't wait to see what happenednextbecause this film was a look behind the scenes of real suburban life. Thesepeople portrayed, really do exist in the world. Somewhat like the people inHappiness, the people and what they do are just like things families youknow do, or even your family does.The last scene of this film is amazing. Although it starts too early, waybefore it's ready to, it pays off at the end. With tensions building, andemotions rising, the inevitable climax will leave you breathless whilemaking you wish it wouldn't happen and that somehow it wouldchange.There is so much more to say about this movie, and so much left out, but Ican't help it. Sam Mendes' American Beauty is an instant masterpiece, asLester says in the movie, "You have no idea what i'm talking about, I'msure. But don't worry..... You will someday." I believe those are words tolive by for explaining the brilliance of this film even though critics andaudiences love it now, it won't truly be appreciated until after it's time.