Will Ferrell stars in this Christmas comedy known as Elf. Buddy liveshis whole life as a misfit Elf helping out Santa in the North Pole. Oneday Buddy, who is taller and clumsier then the other Elves, realizes heis not a real Elf and decides to go out and search for his real dad.Only knowing how his life was back at the North Pole it was a hugechange in his life when Buddy traveled to the big city of New York. Hisjourney is conveyed by hilarious humor when Papa Elf has to explain toBuddy that the, "yellow snow was not for eating and the gum under therailings was not free candy." This movie contains comedy and romanceand is good for all ages! I give this movie 10 stars because it istrying to show the loving relationship between Buddy and his father.The movie was successful in trying to bring out the kid in everyone byusing jokes that are funny no matter how old you are. Hidden beneathall of the comedy was a lesson in which although someone like Buddy maybe unique, they still can fit in and belong somewhere in the world.Will Ferrell is absolutely very funny in this movie. The way he can actlike a kid is phenomenal. No other actor could have made Buddy the Elfcome to life and walk us through his journey as a misfit, sheltered Elfat the North Pole, through his many adventures searching for his dad inin the big city. With Will Ferrell's other movies such as Step Brothersand Talladega Nights, his role in Elf is a different side of him mostpeople have never seen. In this movie he falls in love and develops arelationship with his brother that is unlike any other. Being 30 yearsold and dressing in an elf costume everywhere he goes is only a littlepart of this movie that makes it so funny. Being used to wearing hisoutfit around the North Pole, it was hard for Buddy to understand thathis costume was not appropriate for the work life.I recommend seeing it with children because they will not stoplaughing. Buddy, "traveled through the candy cane forest?" This is justsome of what he says to capture everyone's imagination. Not only is themovie extremely funny but it is the perfect movie for the holiday time.I enjoyed this movie with my family because in the movie the actorsdevelop multiple relationships. This can show people that someone canreplenish a relationship that was once lost. To me this movie is tryingto convey to the audience that with all of this comedy, there issomething deeper. Buddy is trying to build a relationship with hisfather and get to know his brother. Along the way of finding this, hestumbles across a woman in the department store where she is one of"Santa's helpers," who he falls in love with. His weird role isenhanced when he does not know how to ask her out on a date.This movie is worth seeing. An adventure, a love story and Santa Clauseall mixed together in a delightful holiday treat. Will Ferrell helpsmake this a movie that is sure to be enjoyed with you family eachChristmas.