Two romantic comedy / Hugh Grant fans were disappointed last night. Afterwesaw Love Actually, my wife and I both thought it was a waste of money butmore importantly we thought it was a waste of our minds and an insult toourhumanity.The movie, although acted well, takes the premise that love is eroticsentimentalism. Everyone has an animalistic sexual urge that they can'tcontrol. And that superficial, physical attraction is lifted up and soldtous as the best kind of Love. Very little about commitment or making goodchoices or putting family first. Of course we rarely find that inHollywood,but what we also don't often find is such over-the-top, blatantdistortionof loving relationships. Every storyline in the movie glorifies adysfunctional relationship: sleeping with your brother's wife, adulteryinthe office a couple of times, a couple who gets together because they donude scenes in the movies, getting together with your housekeeper,best-manin the wedding falls for the bride, etc.Another aspect of the movie that keeps me wondering why I continue tosendmoney to Hollywood is the obvious anti-Americanism and liberal agendathatcomes through. A small role by the American president (played by BillyBobThornton) portrays a sexual doof who bullies the British Prime Minister(Hugh Grant). One of the supposedly most rousing scenes in the movie iswhenthe Prime Minister stands next to the American president and shames himfornot being nice to England.Also, subtley, several of the characters work at an organization calledFairTrade, and the poster backdrops in the office herald the plight of the3rdWorld and how we should "help shoulder their burden". Liberals alwaysseemto love globalist organizations like these that decry our capitalistsystemas exploitative when it is this very system that gives them the economicfreedom to make movies such as this. Why do we often have these politicalideas injected into movies that should just be good romanticcomedy?All in all a very disappointing movie. The gratuitous nudity, ubiquitousfoul language, and lack of any sense of real love instead of the eroticurges that is passed to us as Love, keeps me from recommending this movietoanyone, actually.