Love Actually (2003)This huge network of feel good stories could have been sloppy andsappy. Oh, heck, it is sloppy and sappy, and that's why it's solovable. And great, in its own way. A whole slew of top notch actorsgive really sincerely spot on performances--all of them rather brief interms of screen time because there are so many stories here, but stillsatisfying.What is there not to like about a movie where almost everyone succeedsin overcoming something, mostly loneliness? The point of love actuallyis actually just love, and falling in love, and making what love theyalready have meaningful. There are relationships that makes sense, likeLaura Linney's heartbreaking nurturing of her mentally challengedbrother to the detriment of her own love life. There is the painfullyrealistic and mature marriage between two sophisticated educatedprofessionals, Emma Thompson and Alan Rickman, with their varyinglevels of sincerity. And there is the Prime Minister of Britainhimself, played by Hugh Grant, who falls in love, and resists fallingin love, with his secretary. Throw in a more drab if pretty-ish KeiraKnightley, a wonderfully love-sick Andrew Lincoln, and the oddly adultrelationship between Liam Neeson and his cute cute stepson and it getsmore and more layered up and fun.While certainly the film is well known here in the U.S., it ispractically a national treasure, from what I gather, amongst rank andfile Brits. This is a thoroughly British movie, to be sure, and morelovable for it. For one thing, they have removed all the pomp andsecurity machinations around the Prime Minister, so he seems just likea regular lonely guy who goes to work and gets coffee. Then there isthe key scene where this Hugh Grant P.M. stands up to the visitingAmerican President, and it's a great rah-rah moment.While not all the actors are British, most are, and some very much so,such as Bill Nighy who plays so dazzlingly well the aging rock star onthe comeback. The terrific British comedian Rowan Atkinson has a coupleof key roles that are brilliant. And so on. Of course the President isBilly Bob Thornton (Arkansas) and Linney is a good old New Yorker(bless her) and there is Claudia Schiffer who is international somehow,but born in Germany.All of these people are interconnected in ways that really don't strainthe plot. (A wonderfully excessive chart of all these, with Frenchtext, oddly, is clickable on the Love Actually wikipedia page.) Thewriting and directing are both the work of one man, Richard Curtis, whohas directed only one other film but has written a slew of them (andwho is only British by means of the Empire--he's from New Zealand). Butif the direction is solid, the writing is sublime. Yes, it doesn'tstrive for Shakespeare level profundity, and it doesn't reach it,either, but it's really smart, snappy, believable, funny stuff. Thatwill also get you in the gut if you let it.