Elf is the story of a human named Buddy who was raised by elves in theNorth Pole at Santa's Workshop. When Buddy becomes an adult, he is toldthat he was adopted so he goes on a quest to find his father in NewYork City.This movie is hilarious. Will Ferrell is perfect for the role of buddy!He really portrays the character's sweetness with a comedic touch. Oneof the reasons I love this film so much is that it really captures whatit would be like to take someone who has lived in fantasy land andthrow them into the hustle and bustle of the big city. There areseveral montages throughout the film. My favorite would have to be whenBuddy comes to New York for the first time because he does such bizarrethings. If I were to see him eating the gum of the hand rail or playingin a revolving door in my town, I would think he was crazy! I end upfeeling bad for Buddy because he is so clueless to how the real worldworks.Another thing that makes this movie so hysterical is that in the NorthPole the props, costumes, sets and back drop are so elementary andsimple, it really accentuates the innocence and comical quality of theelf world. Also, in the North Pole, there are some animals made of clayanimation. Their design is very similar to the old Rudolph the RedNosed Reindeer movie, and that warms my heart and makes me laugh.This movie is perfect for family night, watching with friends or whenyou just need a laugh. This story is touching yet funny as Buddy goeson an amazing journey to get closer to his father's heart and bringback holiday spirit to all. This is a great film for all ages becauseit contains the fun innocence of an elf that children can enjoy and italso has a bit of adult humor for the older viewers. Although youngchildren will love this movie, I think ages 7 and younger should watchthis with an adult or older child because they may get slightlyconfused or frightened. Over all, this is a wonderful film, whetherit's the holidays or not.Reviewed by Raven Devanney, age 13, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic