Like many guys, I was roped into watching this film by my girlfriend,and while I was expecting a chick flick that I would not enjoy but thatwould likely get me laid, nothing could have prepared me for the tidalwave of bullshit I was in for. "The Notebook" is one of the mostunimaginitive, exploitive films I have ever seen, and Nicholas Sparksshould be curbstomped for every hour he spent churning out thisgarbage.Let's start with the positives. Cinematography was inoffensive andfellas, if you watch this with your special lady, you're almost sure toget laid.And now on to the negatives. "The Notebook," while masquerading as alove story, in fact, has no story at all. The plot is barely existent,the characters are one-dimensional at best and impossible to likebeyond a superficial level, and the storyline is shallower than achildren's inflatable pool, existing solely to pimp Sparks's Easy-Bake,feel-good concept of romance. While most "chick-flicks" do their bestto create likable characters, humorous situations, and some sort ofconflict, "The Notebook" is content to instead show only a slideshowreel of Kodak moments, an abstract representation of our fast-food,home shopping network society's ideal of romance."The Notebook" is exploitive on every single level. In some ways, thefilm is worse than pornography, the way it masks its sleazy, purelycommercial motivation under the guise of presenting a "love" story. Inpornography, plot exists solely as a device to get from point A (thefilm's exposition), to point B (the sex) as quickly as possible. "TheNotebook" uses a similar formula, but instead of graphic sex andnudity, this film's golden calf is a perfect, simplistic romance thatfaces conflict and challenge on the most superficial level possible.There's a massive section of the movie that contains little aside fromthe couple kissing each other in a variety of settings, all leading upto their first time sleeping together, which is, of course, perfect,just like everything else in this perfect, vacuous storyline.I could go on and on, but I'm only allowed 1,000 words in thisparticular review. "The Notebook" is a shallow, simplistic, and whollyidiotic view of romance that seems to exist solely to make girls horny,a goal which it achieves remarkably. That being said, the film has novalue on any real artistic level, be it storytelling, characterdevelopment, or even simply on the level of pure entertainment. Theentire film plays out like a slideshow you might play at your wedding -highlighting all the good times and ignoring anything that might makeit remotely interesting. Everyone involved in the making of this filmshould feel dirty, especially the film-maker himself, who almostcompletely destroys the pre-eminence of the Cassavettes name in thisone effort.