Where to start on this superficial, overly-sentimental piece ofgarbage?The blatant sexism? The total lack of any developed characters? HughGrant as prime minister?The flaws are too many to count, but I'll just go over some of mybiggest problems with this piece of junk ...1. There is not one single character that is even moderately developed.We are flooded with all these situations in which these humanoids aresupposedly falling in love, or already in love, with each other yet wehave absolutely no idea why, nor in most cases do the characters seemto know either. - Writer falls in love with maid. Let's not bother with the factthey've never spoken a single word to each other (they don't speak acommon tongue) and don't know each other at all. She looks good in abathing suit. Apparently that's all that's necessary for a guy to ask agirl to marry him (and for her to say yes). Superficial garbagerelationship #1.- Prime minister falls in love with his secretary. Do any of us knowwhy, other than the fact she likes to swear in inappropriate places?No, of course not. That would require writing and actual ... you know... story. Superficial garbage relationship #2.- Office-worker lady is in love with a co-worker. Do we know why? Do weget to know either of these characters at all? Of course not. Thatwould once again involve actually developing a story. All we know isthe guy looks like an abercrombie and fitch model. If there's any otherreason to love the guy, we sure don't know about it. Superficialgarbage relationship #3.- Dude is in love with his best friend's wife. Sure, she's KeiraKnightley and therefore hot as hell. Do we have any other idea why thisguy is in love with her, and willing to hit on his friend's wife behindhis back? No, of course not. Once again, apparently all we need to knowto is that she's hot ... the end. Superficial garbage relationship #4.2. Bizarre misogyny. Almost all the relationships in this movie involvesome extreme power differential b/w the male and female. The guys wantthe hot chicks because they're hot, the hot chicks want the old fartguys because ... because ... I'm not sure. Because they have good jobsI guess. There's also an inordinate amount of time where one of the hotchicks is bagged on repeatedly for being "fat". Note this is a girlthat could only be considered "fat" in the movie-make-believe world.Even in that world it still doesn't make any sense. The term "fat" isone of the last that would come to mind when describing her and I spentmore than a couple minutes scratching my head trying to figure out whycharacters were making fun of her physical appearance. On any otheruniverse she's a solid "9". If this girl is lucky to have arelationship because she's "fat", all I can say to the rest of youwomen out there is you might as well shoot yourselves, cause she'shotter than 98% of you. 3. You know how in a good romance movie there is often that one pointwhere the characters finally have their big connection which fulfillsthe build-up of the movie over the first couple acts? This movie justskips all the stuff involved in actually telling the story ofrelationships and just has the sappy payoff ... in every scene of themovie ... over and over again. While watching this wreck I couldn'thelp but feeling that the writer just took the payoff scene in his top50 favorite romance movies and just wrote them all into one movie. Toobad he left out all the stuff leading up to the payoffs (character,plot, theme, etc) that made them work in the first place.Pure junk. One of the worst movies I've seen.