There really aren't a lot of movies about love. There are a lot ofromances, but the focus is always on the star-crossed lovers. There arestar-crossed lovers in this, but the focus here is less on thecharacters than it is simply on the power of love as it sometimesappears in unexpected places, and as it sometimes rekindles itselfafter lying dormant. Sometimes we're recovering from love, sometimeslove is from afar and unrequited; sometimes it's just a true andsincere friendship. But it's there. As Hugh Grant says in the openingnarration: "love, actually, is all around us."I have to confess that I'm generally not a fan of these movies thatfeature separate story lines that eventually intertwine. I like mymovies to have a little more focus, and these movies often seem blurryinstead, as you wait (often impatiently) for what you know is theinevitable moment when the various stories will intersect, andeverything will be revealed. This movie, however, I enjoyed. Therewere, in fact, several story lines: an old rocker trying to make acomeback; a recent widower dealing with grief and his young stepsonwho's head over heels for a classmate; the newly elected and singleBritish Prime Minister who's smitten with a member of the householdstaff; two porn actors who fall for each other on the set; a recentdivorcée who falls for his maid with whom he can't even communicatewith because she speaks Portuguese; a newly married couple - and theman who secretly adores the new bride; an older man being pursued by aco-worker who wonders whether to pursue her or stick with his marriage.There might have been others. Usually I would say that's way too muchto include, but somehow it all worked here; the stories blendedtogether well and complemented each other. It's a very diverse group ofpeople, all connected by being essentially from the same town. No onerelationship really dominated in the story, although the three thatreally stood out for me were Hugh Grant's role as the Prime Minister(the slightly confused by love character being perfect for him), LiamNeeson as the recent widower dealing with grief and helping his stepsonwith love and Bill Nighy as rocker Billy Mack, who adds the most comedyto the movie as he releases a Christmas album that he knows is terrible- which he tells everyone, much to the chagrin of his manager. Otherlovers in this included Colin Firth, Emma Thompson, Laura Linney andAlan Rickman. There are also small (and non- romantic) parts for BillyBob Thornton and Rowan Atkinson.The characters are basically all likable and pleasant, and you reallyfind yourself hoping that love works out for all of them. It's notreally a tug at your heartstrings type of movie, and while it's aboutlove it's not what I would call a "chick flick" - there are too manysituations faced by the respective male characters that I could relateto for it to be that. I suppose it's a bit too sappy at times, butthat's in keeping with the subject matter. It's a pleasant movie - andat times it's very funny as we watch the various relationships workthemselves out. (8/10)