Richard Curtis has not only written this latest commodity for WorkingTitle, but directed it too and it tells. Love Actually is a despicableattempt at a film, largely because it parades its sixth-formerproduction and content as if a virtue. The script is beneath contempt;whereas other Working Title/Curtis projects attempt to work these out,even episodically, Curtis seems happy simply to render his ideas as ifcommercials. The patronising nadir of this sees Andrew Lincoln walkaway from his unresolved part of the sketch (in which he is in lovewith his best friend's wife) saying aside to camera 'Enough now,enough,' which translates explicitly as 'absolutely no-one knows how tofinish this particular story, so consider it over'.There is a vast surfeit of swearing, which is clumsily handled by theactors as it's inserted for effect not as a colloquial device of anycharacter. Having a child actor swear so much is ugly and impossibleunder any reading of how Curtis wants it used. The American culturenamechecking, in order to ingratiate the film where it's predecessorshave done good business is equally clunky. Set pieces look isolated andout of place, rendered without an eye for general continuity. Non-PCjokes about people's size are rendered with a hyperbolic overkill as ifto assert a disclaiming irony, but it doesn't work - it's just crass.Worse, this bigoted undercurrent extends to casting almost the onlyblack man (Ejiofor) as a cuckold, the Portuguese as peasants andinforms a complete inability to deal with the mentally ill as human(see the arch-contrivance of Laura Linney's set piece with her'brother'). As far as other elements of the direction goes, the onlysubtlety came with the Waitrose group product placement (!), everythingelse shot in a boring monodimension.This film has funny ideas, but because of Curtis' totalnaivete/delusion as to his own competence, they suggest themselves andthen die still-born. It's frustrating seeing so many good actors(particularly Emma Thompson here) joining in on a project that ismarket-sycophantic, condescending, witlessly politically incorrect,cheap and boring. Tell your worst enemies that they can sleep with yourwife in order to avoid it. 1/10