To be honest I'm quite amazed to see this movie so highly rated. Inmany ways it's just as bad as those Paris Hilton films and should berated accordingly. Yes I do realize that "Notebook" is a chick flickand being a chick myself, I do like to watch romantic, "heart-warming"films from time to time. But to enjoy such a film I need to be able toconnect with the story and sympathize with the characters, and Iabsolutely couldn't do that in "The Notebook." It's so pathetic, madeup of clichés, mediocre acting and entirely predictable plot twists,that it feels like a soap-opera squeezed into a couple of hours. Richgirl falls for poor boy (could as well be poor girl - rich boy, butthat would be Cinderella). They are having a summer romance with dancesand kisses in the breaking waves. Then the summer's over - real lifebegins, and the lovebirds are being separated by the evil rich parents(how unexpected). The boy then writes the girl letter a day for a wholeyear (no kidding), but the evil mom keeps the mail to herself, and inthe end he gives up. By the way, the story is set in 1930s-40s, howeverthe historical aspect has little impact on the story, merely allowingthe heroine to wear red lipstick, curly retro hairdos and dresses -this is basically the only element adding color to the story. Oh, yeah,there is war in the film too. But it doesn't seem to be a big deal. Themain hero enlists and there is a quick glimpse of him on thebattlefield as he watches his best friend die, but the next moment he'sback home and never mentions war or his friend again. The prettyred-haired heroine, gets compassionate and is once seen helping out ata hospital for the wounded in the war - her spotless nurse's dress andhat look so picture perfect, as if she's about to pose for a magazine.No wonder she catches the eye of a certain heavily bandaged soldier. Ina short while he's miraculously healed - not even a scratch left, andturns out to be a super rich-super handsome guy (what a coincidence) -a perfect candidate for a fiancé. In the meantime the poor guy is stillunable to like another woman and instead gets busy restoring the oldhouse, secretly hoping that his dream girl will be back once more inhis arms. The finished house looks so impressive (and absolutelyimpossible to have been built by one single carpenter) that it attractsthe press. When the girl see the picture of the guy and his house shefaints immediately (is it a comedy after all?) and decides to take aride to ask the guy if "he's OK." To be honest, till the last moment Ihad hoped that the movie will have at least one surprise in store.None. The story was getting cheesier with every minute. The fact thereis a sub-plot - showing an old man reading the love story to an oldwoman, doesn't make the film any more original, as everything in it isas predictable as the rest.