As a fan of Richard Curtis's previous material, in particularBlackadder, Four Weddings, Bridget Jones etc. I was sorry to miss LoveActually at the cinema, and finally got around to watching it on DVDmonths later. However, the film was so appallingly bad it's taken mesome time to find the words to review it. I admit that I wasimmediately biased against it after the opening scene with theincredibly tasteless remark about September 11, however I was preparedto overlook this as an unfortunate lack of judgement and have faiththat the rest of the film would make up for it. Sadly things just gotsteadily worse.So many story lines, so little substance, and so much complete tripe:the honourable British PM falling in love with his Eliza Doolittleclone of a tea lady, while standing up to the oafish American president(a dig at Blair and Bush that didn't work at all); Martine McCutcheon,in the role of said tea lady drove me to distraction (OK we get it ?tough girls from South London say "f*ck" a lot ? it really ain't thatfunny); the storyline with Liam Neeson and that scarily annoying kidwas teeth-grindingly horrid; the porn stars smiling away and having awonderful time at work was just plain offensive; and by the time thedorky guy brought back the stereotypically hot chicks from the US, Ijust wanted to yell at the screen in frustration. And in response tothose who defend the film on the basis of "it's fantasy, it's not meantto be realistic, you're missing the point etc." - I beg to say it isyou who is missing the point - some of the most brilliant films in thehistory of cinema have been unrealistic, however the problem with thecontrived crap in Love Actually was the fact that it was unfunny andmost of the plot lines totally pointless.Frustratingly, the few stories that had potential here were cut short:Emma Thompson and Alan Rickman's characters' marriage problems couldhave been expanded upon, giving the viewer more of a chance to identifyand sympathise with them; it may have been interesting to have someexplanation of Laura Linney's character's relationship with hermentally ill brother and the rest of her family; some background onColin Firth's character and the Portuguese girl may have helped toexplain how they came to be so attracted to each other - as it wastheir relationship didn't seem believable in the least. The only mildsaving grace was Bill Nighy's ageing rocker doing his Christmas No. 1 ?however it was nowhere near enough to redeem the film from the rest ofthe drivel.