I hate romantic comedies. I detest them. You can list the actors I avoidwatching: Hugh Grant, Sandra Bullock, Richard Gere, Julia Roberts.Romanticcomedies make me cringe and I avoid them like the plague so you canimaginethe foul mood I was in when I was forced to watch thisfilm.And the introductory voice-over by Hugh Grant as we watch an airport fullofpeople hugging made me want to commit an act of violence - either againstthe people who forced me to watch this film or against myself just to endthe torture.Then the most unbelievably shocking thing happened. Bill Nighy and GregorFischer came on screen, mocking one of the most hated love songs inBritain,"Love is all Around" and I found myself getting sucked into thefilm.By the time I reached the end of the film I found myself facing theimpossible, there was one romantic comedy out there that genuinely is acomedy and actually likeable. No-one was more shocked thanI.Many different kinds of love are covered (although not all kinds), there's8storylines and the biggest cast list I've seen in a long time. Somehow, itworks. You'd think it wouldn't, I know I certainly didn't.If you're looking for a full-length story, this is not the film for you.Itsnap-shots the important events leading to the resolution of the couplesinvolved, nothing more. If you want a classic romantic film, this mightnotbe the film for you. This is funnier than most straight comedies I've seenin recent times, however (I'm just as harsh a critic of comedy films as Iamof romantic films).It's not trying to be the meaning of life, it's not trying to look at thebig picture. In fact, it's only trying to do one thing, and that's saypositive feelings crop up in the most unexpected places or are moreprevalent than people think. One of the storylines, one that is citedconstantly in reviews as one of the failed storylines with a sad ending isactually bittersweet. It doesn't end with failure but the failure of onetype of love in favour of a different kind.This film isn't perfect, I'll never find the perfect romantic-comedybecauseI hate the genre so much, for example, one of the storylines did annoy meintensely and yet ironically still made me laugh in places. However, theflaws in the film are vastly outweighed by positives. It's superficiallycomplicated but is really a very simple film.  It makes a statement: "loveactually is all around" then shows why it makes that statement and doesn'tattempt to do or be anything else.And like the fact it covers different kinds of love, it covers differentattitudes and portrayals of it - so a couple are realistic, a couple areclassic fantasy, a couple are pure comedy and a couple are pure rom-comtradition.I have seen no reviewer give this film a middle-of-the-road review, andI'veread many reviews. I think, in the end, Love Actually is up to theindividual. It's like Marmite. You either love it or you hateit.Speaking as a cynical, misanthropic, Marmite-hating, Romantic-Comedyhatingmember of the human race, I actually liked Love Actually.