Thirty years prior to the events of the film, a baby crawls intoSanta's sack at an orphanage. Santa unwittingly takes the baby back tothe North Pole, where it is decided that Papa Elf (Bob Newhart) willraise him. The baby, named Buddy (Will Ferrell), is raised unaware thathe is actually a human, until his enormous size and poor toy-makingabilities cause Papa Elf to tell him the truth. The old elf revealsthat Buddy was born to Walter Hobbs and Susan Wells and placed up foradoption, that Walter never knew Buddy was born, and that he now worksat a children's book company in New York. Immediately and full ofoptimism, Buddy sets out for New York to find his father."Elf" is self consciously structured in the most academical and basicway screenplays are written, it is screen writing 1-0-1 and it knowsthat, so even though it cannot be commended for a remarkable depth,there is just no resisting the charm and the comedy this film has tooffer with what is possibly, still to this day, Ferrel's bestperformance.For someone who has always been somewhat of a Ferrell critic: I haverarely been able to enjoy his comedies and sketches, this film reallysurprised me and that is exactly because Ferrel is cast perfectly inthe role of an over-enthusiastic human who thinks he is an elf. Hiszany and over the top comedy and his exaggerated facial gestures fitthis film perfectly and grace us with moments of really good comedy.Favareau knows how to build upon this and has always the right cameraset-up to enhance the comedic effect. He uses the classic shtick ofpeople or objects entering or exiting into frame to incredible effectand even does some innovative things with the technique that reallysurprised me and had me rolling with laughter.The film also has a classic Christmas message and story: the charactersby the end need to save Christmas and to do so they have to believe inthe Christmas spirit. It is standard stuff, but the film is writtenvery effectively and its colorful characters navigate through asufficiently original premise and set-pieces which make for anundeniably pleasant flow. You care about everyone involved thanks tosome solid work from all the performers. Yet, once again, what reallypushes the film a notch above has to be the comedy, it is inventive andalways different, it does not go for the same gag over and over againas it would be easy to do with a fish-out-of-water story.As I said, "Elf" cannot be praised for bringing to the table somethingnew. The structure is predictable down to every emotional beat. Thereisn't a sense of overwhelming emotion involved with the characters andtheir struggle is never really given depth exactly because we know howit is going to go.Still, the fact that the film is self conscious about that helps itbuild around a pleasant family movie which is also a very goodChristmas comedy with enough flare to keep you pleasantly entertainedfor the whole duration.