I like the thinking behind Richard Curtis' concept for "Love Actually."Why tell one Christmas love story when you can tell eight? Everyoneloves Christmas, everyone loves love, and if you can tell eight storiesthat are all related but about something different, you're bound tohave everyone who sees the film relate to at least one of the storylines. It sounds sort of gimmicky when put in those terms, but withgood writing and some great actors, "Love Actually" works and issurprisingly enjoyable despite a high cheese factor."Love Actually" is sort of the ultimate British-American romanticcomedy. When you put Hugh Grant, Keira Knightley, Bill Nighy, EmmaThompson, Liam Neeson, Alan Rickman, Laura Linney, Colin Firth, RowanAtkinson, Billy Bob Thorton (and then some) all in the same billing,it's ridiculously impressive. You almost can't fail. I mean, at onepoint there is a scene featuring a sort of negotiation between Grant,the prime minister of the U.K. and Thorton, the president of the U.S.If the demographic for this film isn't overstated with Christmas andromance already, that certainly ices the cake.The story lines are for the most part all good, but with eight of them,they all don't have to be. You pick the ones that you like and youstomach the ones you don't as much because you know they won't lastlong enough to bore or annoy you. Some people will like the morecomedic ones like Bill Nighy as a recording artist trying to re-ignitehis career with a hit Christmas single and some will like the morestraight up romance like when Firth, an author, tries to communicatehis feelings for a Portuguese woman who doesn't speak English.Fortunately, it's not disjointed either, so you don't feel you'rewatching several different films. Christmas time helps set that tone,but in general the mood the film is consistent in all the story lines.Like most romantic comedies, there's always a cheese factor, but thebetter ones make you forgive the cheese. For the most part, "LoveActually"'s cheese is very forgivable. Towards the end it gets a littleout of hand, but you are so immersed in the story lines that you let itgo. The humor of the film is also so strong that it also earns yourappreciation regardless of how much you like romance.As far as film concepts that seem like romantic comedy sell-outs areconcerned, "Love Actually" is probably one of the best. It's diversebut cohesive and funny to all senses of humor. It has a killer cast andof course good heart and strong themes. So as much as you might thinkyou're watching just another romantic comedy about Christmas, "LoveActually" at least convinces you that for the time you're wrong.