We have this older man, Duke (James Garner at his best) who comes to anursing home daily with a notebook. He seeks out this pretty olderwoman (Gena Rowlands) and reads to her from the notebook. She likes thestory, she looks forward to hearing what happens next in the lives ofNoah (Ryan Gosling) and Allie (Rachel McAdams). The main of the movieis set in the 1940s, as we see Noah and Allie meeting one summer inSouth Carolina, then the triumphs and disappointments of theirrelationship over the next 7 years. Fine movie-making, fine acting, agood story. The DVD picture and sound are first-rate, the making-ofextras interesting. MAJOR SPOILERS FOLLOW. We figure out mid-way through the running timethat Duke is really Noah in old age, and the lady he reads to is Allie,suffering dementia. Most of the time she doesn't know who he is, anddoesn't recognize their children when they visit. They plead with dadto "come back home", but he says "She is my home", so much was his lovefor her. He was reading from the notebook she wrote of their romanceback in the 1940s, with the inscription, "Read this to me and I willcome back." He never knew when, but after reading to her for a whileshe would "come back", she would recognize him, they would share a fewminutes, before she reverted. The doctors thought it impossible.In 1940 Noah, from a poor upbringing, worked at the local saw mill.Allie was vacationing for the summer with her wealthy family, whoexpected her to go to college in New York and marry a wealthy youngman. When the summer fling did not end promptly, Allie was taken home,Noah knew of the disapproval of the parents. They parted, he wroteevery day for one year, but received no answers. Allie's mom had hiddenall the letters. Noah moved to Atlanta, war broke out, he served andfought, made it home safely. Meanwhile Allie in college volunteered ina VA hospital, caring for the wounded, where she met her eventualfiancée.Noah's dad sold the family home, gave Noah the money so he could buyand renovate the old mansion by the water that he and Allie had dreamed7 years earlier of living and growing old in. Going to Charleston toget permits, he sees Allie on the street, finds her in a restaurant,but leaves unseen when she meets and kisses her fiancée. Noah goes backto work on the old home while Allie and her mom prepare for thewedding. With Noah still in her mind, she makes a last-minute trip back andfinds him, the house was complete, even the room for painting that shehad requested. He told her he did it all because he had promised it toher. Mom shows up, she shows him a laborer who, 25 years earlier, shehad been in love with, suggesting that maybe she regretted marrying forsecurity. Allie decides to go with her heart, she and Noah get married,and all that brings us back to the nursing home almost 60 years later. While heartbreaking, the ending is also uplifting. After suffering histhird "minor" heart attack in a few months, Duke returns to Allie'sbed, she recognizes him, wonders if they can "go together." He liesdown next to her, they hold hands, and are found that way the nextmorning, having been taken to their reward during the night. Many mayfind that overly sappy, but to me it is the perfect ending to alifetime love affair.