I'm not the biggest fan of Will Ferrell, but in casting "Elf" someonehad a brainstorm, because I have to admit that Ferrell was absolutelyperfect in this role. He plays "Buddy the Elf," a human baby in anorphanage who accidentally hitches a ride in Santa's toy bag oneChristmas Eve and finds himself at the North Pole, adopted by "PapaElf" (Bob Newhart) who raises him as an elf. Of course, it isn't a good"fit," so to speak. As a human, Buddy is a lot bigger than your averageelf and, finally realizing he's human, he sets out for New York City(with no knowledge of the world outside the North Pole) and sets out tofind his father, who he's been told is Walter Hobbs (James Caan) - abig publishing executive working at the Empire State Building.Essentially, the story is about Buddy trying to fit into life in thereal world, and to be honest, it's really quite enjoyable and sometimeseven quite funny.The cast all do quite well with their parts, although I thought that wedidn't really need a love angle for Buddy, represented by Jovie (ZooeyDeschanel) - who's adorably cute, but I'm not sure she was essential tothe story. Every movie of this type, of course, needs a scrooge-typecharacter to be reformed and filled with the Christmas spirit. Here,that was supposed to be Walter, but I honestly didn't find Walter to bescrooge-like enough. He seemed to be a basically nice guy who washimself just being overworked by an overbearing boss (in a limited roleplayed by Michael Lerner.) I didn't get the jarring "turnaround" inWalter's attitude that you often get from this. He seemed to acceptBuddy too easily - with a bit of encouragement from his wife (MarySteenburgen.) Still, while some of the characters didn't hit home aspowerfully as they could have, the performances were good and theyadded up to a fun story.It was nice to see Ed Asner play a fairly important role as Santa inthis, and the movie even managed to pay just a wee bit of homage to theTV special Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer, as Leon the Snowman who slidaround at the North Pole looked basically like the sliding snowman whoslid around and narrated Rudolf (although the narration for this movie,when necessary, was done by Papa Elf.) The animals in the woods at theNorth Pole also reminded me of the animals in Rudolf.It's a cute story, good fun for the family in the Christmas season.(7/10)