At first glance, Elf would appear to be one of countless holiday-season cash-ins with daft costumes and even sillier special effects,featuring a well-known actor performing pantomime on a bigger budgetand grabbing an easy pay-day in the process. That is stars WillFerrell, one of cinema's most naturally hilarious funnymen who seems tobe caught up in an endless loop of mediocrity - Blades of Glory andStranger than Fiction excluded - as the titular human-turned- elf,bodes even worse. Throw in some little people dressed in elf costumesand a romance involving surely the only woman to accept a date with aman who claims to be from the North Pole, and it would seem like amovie tailor-made for a critical beat-down.Only Elf is genuinely charming, and even more alarmingly, incrediblyfunny at times. Using Ferrell's man-child comedy chops to the fullestextent, this may actually be the best work Ferrell has ever done. Heplays Buddy, an orphan accidentally whisked off to Santa's homeland asa baby. Taken in by the sympathetic Papa Elf (the wonderful BobNewhart), it doesn't take long until Buddy is towering over hisadoptive father and his co-workers. Learning of his biological popWalter (played by James Caan) and that he is in fact a human, the6-foot elf journeys to New York City to be with his real family, onlyfor his miserable publisher dad to shun him. Buddy learns that hisworld no longer buys into tales of flying reindeers and a jolly fat manwho knows if we've been bad, disbelieving in the 'magic' of Christmasand draining the power from Santa's sleigh in the process.Directed by Jon Favreau and written by David Berenbaum, Elf is prettystandard stuff story-wise, and is hampered by a predictable sub-plotinvolving Walter's struggling publishing company and his dire need tolighten up. Yet there are many touching moments, particularly in thescenes involving Buddy and his young half- brother, and the former'sawkward courting of a pretty toy store assistant (Zooey Deschanel)initially freaked out by his maniacal claims but who eventuallysuccumbs to his hyperactive charms. It all inevitably leads to a climaxbuilt around a special-effect laden set-piece as Santa struggles todeliver the presents with a dying sleigh, but this is expected from amovie designed to win over those looking for something easy-going andfestive. The world has grown cynical, and perhaps so have I, but Elfreminded me that it is no fun being so.