"The Notebook" is a trite, hackneyed tale of a poor little rich girlwho falls in love with a boy from the wrong side of the tracks. It'sSouth Carolina in the 1940's, and Allie Hamilton is a highly educated,ambitious young lady living under the watchful eyes of her snooty,upper crust parents who have pretty much mapped out her whole life forher. Enter Noah Calhoun, a poor working class boy with a devil-may-carespirit and a zest for living whom Allie falls instantly in love withwhile she and her parents are staying in town one summer. One look attheir daughter's pawing this strapping young man from the lower socialorders and the parents are hightailing it back to Charleston with thewayward Allie in tow, bringing an end to a flaming summer romance thatsomehow manages to live on through a subsequent world war (involvingthe least emotional war buddy death scene in movie history), Allie'sengagement to a wealthy veteran, her eventual Alzheimer's, and Noah'sdisturbingly scraggly beard (he's too depressed to shave, you see).Even though Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling are appealing as the twoyoung lovers, very little about "The Notebook" feels either original orgenuine. It seems, in fact, to have been cobbled together from other,considerably more impressive tales of unrequited love in which wealthand class play a key role in keeping the lovers apart. The sad truth isthat most of what happens to the pair smacks of dime-novelsentimentality and phoniness. For instance, after a night of powerhouselovemaking between the newly reunited lovers, Allie wakes up to findherself alone with only a note from Noah telling her to follow thearrows to a surprise. And, lo and behold, what do we see but a longline of arrows lying on the floor leading from the bedroom to a sittingroom down the hall. Now, is it really conceivable that Noah sat up allnight with a scissors cutting out perfectly formed paper arrows, or isthis just one of those scenes that could happen only in the movies? Andwhy does Allie's mother keep all those letters from Noah - 365 of themin one year! - that she carefully hid from her daughter, only to turnthem over to Allie years later all tightly wrapped up in a neat littlebundle? And I won't even go into the final scene of the movie, which isthe worst case of expediency over credibility that I've seen in a moviein a long long time.Based on the novel by Nicholas Sparks, the film, written by Jan Sardiand Jeremy Levin, and directed by Nick Cassavetes, has been structuredas one giant flashback, in which a now aged Noah (James Garner) isreciting the tale to Allie (Gena Rowlands), who is suffering from whatthe doctor calls "senile dementia" and so doesn't realize that thestory is about them. This approach brings a certain added poignancy tothe film - or at least it would were it not undercut by the sappinessof Garner's voice-over narration and that far too heavy-handedconclusion. Joan Allen gives her usual dependable performance asAllie's mother, although her character's 180 degree turnabout at theend seems more a matter of convenience than a carefully though-outmetamorphosis within her character. At least the movie doesn't turnAllie's fiancé into an unreasonable and hateful villain. The writersdo, at least, deserve some credit for that.In a final note, the film isn't even careful with its period details.For instance, there's a shot (supposedly during war time or immediatelythereafter) of characters leaving a movie theater with "On the Town"splashed across the marquee. The problem is that the film wasn't evenreleased until 1949!