So-so film with a few really funny moments. It always seemed like thecomedy could have gone two steps further than it did. There are tons ofmissed opportunities and jokes that are built up without payoff (thenews broadcast at the end of the film is a perfect example). Elf earnspoints for being a decent family film in that it has almost noobjectionable content ? one very long belch is about it. It's nice thatit doesn't resort to gross-out humor, but it could certainly stand tobe less lame a lot of the time. Will Ferrell, a former Saturday NightLive actor, stars as a human who is raised by elves until his enormousheight compared to the other elves makes this fact all too obvious.When Ferrell finds out that his father (James Caan) lives in New YorkCity, he goes out and finds him. It becomes a standardfish-out-of-water comedy. The writing is half-hearted, so the weight ofthe movie ends up resting wholly on Ferrell, who does his damndest tocarry it on his shoulders. I've always been a fan of Ferrell, even ifhe did create a couple of truly obnoxious characters on SNL. Heactually does a fine job in Elf, playing a truly manic but sweet idiot.The filmmakers should have trusted Ferrell more, because it reallyshoots itself in the foot when it begins to concentrate on a verycheesy and unbelievable crisis in the elf's newfound human family.Ferrell has run away from home, and Caan and his family think they canfind him in New York City ? which, of course, they do. And Ferrell(along with his family and his girlfriend) have to convince the peopleof NYC to have faith in Santa Claus so his sleigh can fly. They do thisby having the girlfriend (a very cute Zooey Deschanel, who might look abit too much like Reese Witherspoon to become a star) sing 'Santa ClausIs Coming to Town' on the news. I was enjoying the film, but this kindof formulaic garbage just ruined it. It's nice to see Bob Newhart,Charles Durning, and Andy Richter. One of my favorite comediennes, AmySedaris, was also there somewhere, but I must have missed her (was sheone of the elves?). 5/10.