One of my favorite films to date, Pride and Prejudice is a film that isstunning on several levels: the performances are excellent, thesoundtrack is amazing, and the cinematography is beyond comparison.One of the things I love so much about this movie is the atmosphere.With many movies, people will remark that they felt like they wereactually there, witnessing the story. With Pride and Prejudice, I feltnot only that I was there as an observer, but that this was MY world,too. The beautiful camera-work will just draw you right in.The performances were stellar. The entire cast was great, and it'sinteresting to note that, among the "stars" that made up the cast,there are several lesser known actors; this was the first movie creditfor both Carey Mulligan (Kitty) and Tamzin Merchant (Georgiana).However, it's important to note that this movie is not entirely likethe book. (Any spoilers that follow are minor and relate to the book,not the film.) Some of my favorite scenes from the novel were cut downor didn't appear in the movie at all. Other times, lines that wereoriginally said by one character in the novel were said by anothercharacter in the movie. (The most amusing case being Miss Bingley'smocking line to Mary, "Indeed, much more rational, but rather less likea ball", which was directed at Miss Bingley herself in the novel.) Mostof the differences are minor; for example, the absence of Maria Lucason the trip to Rosings Park (she didn't play much of a role in thenovel, anyway) and the potential relationship between Lizzie andColonel Fitzwilliam (never even referenced in the film...however, thisplot angle never really affected the outcome of Pride and Prejudice).The situation involving Lydia's marriage was not as major a part of themovie as it was of the novel. (Personally, that was a relief tome...that portion of the novel is what I usually skip over when Ire-read the book.) Georgiana's character in the film is significantlydifferent from her character in the book--the film portrays Georgianaas much more outgoing, while the novel describes her as shy and a bitsocially awkward.All in all, I give this film excellent marks. It's not a word-for-wordadaptation of the book, and cannot be considered a replacement for it(as in, "Oh, I always meant to read Pride and Prejudice, but now I'lljust see the movie.") Die-hard Jane Austen fans might not care for itso much, but, speaking as someone who loved both the book AND themovie, I can honestly say that it's a very satisfying and charmingfilm.9.5/10 stars