Judged as a movie in its own right, Joe Wright's Pride and Prejudice isa disappointment. Judged as an adaptation of a classic Jane Austennovel, however, it is nothing short of a travesty. For those of youalready acquainted with the book, be warned; the only thing thatWright's work has in common with the Austen masterpiece is it's title.Even with the most superficial of viewings, it is clear that the scriptholds little more than a passing resemblance to the novel. ThoughWright goes to great pains to include most of the story's key features,he has seemingly neither the time nor the inclination to go into anyreal manner of depth with them. Important plot points - such as Lydia'sdisappearance and subsequent elopement - are introduced and resolved soquickly that the viewer is denied the luxury of suspense. Consequently,the film feels remarkably lacking in drama, and a sense of flatdetachment permeates into every aspect of the script.Unfortunately, this rushed pacing leaves Elizabeth's journey - bothphysical and emotional - reduced to mere bullet-notes, and neither shenor those around her demonstrate any growth as individuals.Characterisation is sacrificed again and again as Mr Wright's attemptsto cram as much action into the allotted two-hours go increasinglyawry. Much-loved characters are reduced to mere nonentities, or elsedistorted so greatly as to be irreconcilable with their originals.Indeed, in watching this movie, I was left doubting whether thescript's writers had read their source material at all. Mr. Bingley'srole was cheapened to that of the comic relief (presumably toaccentuate the merits of his friend, Mr Darcy), and Georgiana Darcy -far from the sensitive young girl of the novel - is portrayed as ainanely-giggling twit. For those new to Austen's world, there areshamefully few reasons for them notice or care about these characters.Adaptation or not, there can be no excuse for such sloppycharacterisation.Historical accuracy too is snubbed, despite Mr Wright's pretensionstowards 'gritty' realism. From the fashions to the dancing, it is clearto anyone with even a basic knowledge of the period that factual errorsexist at every turn. However, these outward faults could perhaps beforgiven had the film at least attempted to remained true to the spiritof the era. Sadly, this is not the case. In attempting to moderniseAusten's characters - doubtlessly due to the studio's assumption thataudiences would not understand the originals - they lose all sense ofcredibility, and the script descends into farce as even the most basicsocial conventions of the day are blithely ignored. Gentlemen enterladies bedrooms, formal introductions are bypassed, and Mr Darcy hasapparently no qualms about walking around (and visiting his prospectivefather-in-law) in a scandalous state of undress. Though seeminglysmall, such mistakes would be unthinkable in the Regency period, wherea person's standing in society depended as much on their decorum as itdid upon their fortune. Manners and restraint act as the keystone ofany Austen work; they are both the driving force and the centralconflict of her romances, and to remove them so completely from thescript makes the whole film ring hollow.Nevertheless, despite all this, the greatest flaw in Mr Wright'sadaptation must surely be the dialogue. Far from Miss Austen'sdelightfully light repartee, we are instead treated to a wearilycumbersome script that fails to inspire either humour or interest, andwhich makes only a half-hearted attempt to remain true to it's sourcematerial. In the novel, it is dialogue that acts as the catalyst forthe Darcy/Elizabeth romance - their agile debates demonstrate both witand intelligence, and remain some of the most memorable exchanges evercommitted to the English language. In the movie, however, it isdifficult to discern any spark between them whatsoever. KeiraKnightly's waspish Elizabeth snipes, pouts, and trills her way throughtheir conversations, while Matthew MacFadeyn's Darcy looks bored andfaintly embarrassed (though given the cringe-inducing drivel that he isforced to utter during the second proposal, I cannot say that I blamehim). Frankly, there was no need for the script-writers to attempt tore-write Austen's famously sparkling dialogue. The 1995 BBC adaptationlifted most of it's lines directly from the novel itself, and wasconsequently hailed as the finest costume dramas of it's generation. Ican hardly imagine anyone willing to subject themselves to a secondviewing of Wright's dire revision.All in all, this movie falls woefully short of expectations. Specialblame must surely be laid at Keira Knightly, however, who's portrayalof Elizabeth Bennett sees one of literatures most beloved heroinesreduced to a simpering shrew. To quote Lady Catherine, I was 'mostseriously displeased'.