It's a timeless tale of love and betrayal and people doing shittythings to people who are good to them, based on a 1999's novel byDeborah Moggach who also wrote a screenplay for this. Once upon a longtime ago in Amsterdam: a married woman (Alicia Vikander) begins apassionate affair with an artist (Dane DeHaan) hired to work for herhusband (Christoph Waltz). The lovers gamble on hot market for tulipsto get the money for escaping together. Also appearing, Judi Dench,Zach Galifianakis, Jack O'Connell, Holliday Grainger, Tom Hollander,Cara Delevingne and others. This must be one of the more hated moviesof 2017 I've come across: Metacritic score 37 out of 100, RottenTomatoes's 8 out of 100. It's far from disaster but I can't say it'sgood either. To start with the positive, the movie looks gorgeous, themid-17th century Amsterdam feels very lively and booming although wedon't see much of it, most events take place inside somewhere. Thepictures added here really don't do the movie justice but I didn't finda better selection online. The actors make their best of theirmaterial, although the characters are so one-note that only screenveterans in supporting roles (Waltz, Dench, Hollander) manage to givereally memorable performances. The young stars (Vikander, DeHaan) doadequate work and they have good enough chemistry to offer some steamylove-making scenes? but you can't really compete with Waltz or Dench interms of range or sheer presence, can you? Based on acting and how themovie looks, the result would deserve a higher score? but thestorytelling really makes a mess of everything. In 107 minutes, there'sso many events and relationships and so little willingness to developthem properly that several major plot points or turns fall entirelyflat and lose any believability or dramatic impact. All in all, ?TulipFever" is disappointment. It's certainly watchable if underwhelming?but it could have been good. Still, I like both young stars and lookforward to seeing them in other, better realised movies. It's alsointeresting to note that Vikander is the new Lara Croft in ?TombRaider'" reboot coming in March. The project has an unlucky historywhich is actually a fair bit more interesting than the final movieitself. The shoots were originally planned in 2004, with Jude Law andKeira Knightley as leads and John Madden (?Shakespeare in Love") asdirector. However, the production was halted 12 days before theshooting because of changes in tax rules affecting film production inthe UK. Dreamworks had already built a massive set of the Amsterdamcanals, and planted 12,000 tulips which were dead-headed. The currentproduction was shot in 2014 but the release was postponed for threeyears due to negative test screenings.