before i start, i would like to say this. i can read, have read thebook, and i read the title of the movie before watching, as should youall. quite disappointed in all the pompous idiots filled with prejudiceabout the movie.I know that another version of the well-mined Jane Austen classic wouldneed to be brilliant indeed. Such diverse and beautifully writtencharacters and such a delightful plot, so deeply rooted in a profoundunderstanding of human nature, are timelessly attractive to directors,actors and audiences alike. So give them a break. you couldn't do anybetter.Lets start with Mr Darcy. Darcys embodied by Olivier, Firth and nowMatthew McFadyen bring differently significance to enjoy in the proudand socially awkward leading male role. Where Olivier and Firth gave usan aloof, arrogant Darcy encased rigidly in a shell so impenetrable itwas almost impossible to believe he had been moved by Lizzie's sardoniccriticisms or attracted by her spirited independence, McFadyen shows amore accessible Darcy. He's vulnerable, even fragile behind his stiffmanners. His aloofness is more believably from social inadequacy thanarrogance, yet he is believably constrained by his social standing toregard decorum, fortune and propriety in a wife's family as significantin his choice of a bride. His capitulation to Lizzie is therefore morebelievable.Similarly Garson, Ehle and Keira Knightley illustrate the livelyintelligence, sharp-minded wit and wry humour of Elizabeth Bennet inequally shining ways that nevertheless bring out different aspects ofthe character. Keira Knightly's performance as Elizabeth Bennett is byfar her best, as she sparkles in this role.The two have a chemistry that i had yet to see on the big or smallscreen - one that mirrors real life romances. the dislike on bothaccounts is obvious, watching it grow to love was beautiful andstunning. the love story is heart-felt and sweetly, deeply affecting toa level that modern romantic comedies rarely achieve. I found thismovie to be a a richly photographed, memorable ensemble production inwhich the romance is predominant over the drama but does not eclipseit. though my one disappointment - the ending?! of course i wanted tosee them kiss, who didn't? but the shots of them arguing in the rain,and as they draw close with the sunlight shining between them wasbreathtaking.Giving due significance to the rural environment which plays such animportant part in the story, the cinematography captures wide frames ofsoft, misty fields, copses and winding country roads as an environmentwhich underscores the gentle manners and passionately beating heartsbeneath empire gowns and ruffled shirts. The surroundings both detractfrom the humans and function as appropriately natural settings for thedramas of human nature.Keira Knightley's swan-like Elizabeth moves with energy and grace,hotly opinionated and profoundly moved by principles and prejudices,and magnetically drawn by the seeming arrogance, reticence and gallantbehaviour, finally revealed, of Mr Darcy. For two centuries ElizabethBennet has been a heroine much admired for her self-containedindependence within a culture more conditioned to femalesubmissiveness. Knightley's portrayal is true to the original.All in all, i must give this movie 5 stars, 10 out of 10, 100 %brilliance. The story itself, the characters, the actors, everythingthat was in the movie 'bewitched me body and soul'. i have never beenmore moved by a movie, especially not one where i found it to be ashilarious as it was moving.