British TV director Justin Chadwick's film debut is like a 17th CenturyDutch painting ? in its historic and social setting, in its lightingbut also and mainly in its themes. The film animates the details that the young portrait painter includesin his commissioned work: the love of beauty, reverence for nature, thetemptation and fear of vanity and ? most of all ? its reminder of man'smortality. Here all of our rich life and all our hopes remind us ofdeath. "First flower, first fall," master Sandvort says of a tulip butthat truth rules the lovers' lives as well. Of course this historic period piece essentially reflects on today. Whyelse revisit the past but to understand the now. The madness of the tulip investment frenzy finds ample modern parallelsin Nortel, the high tech, mortgage, marijuana and real estate bubbles,not to mention the evergreen turbulent stock market. There is alwayssome current fever to tempt the gullible and greedy to get rich quick.And as so often, the vanity that believes in such unearned advancementoft proves disastrous. Vanity is the film's ? and the painting genre's ? primary target. Outof vanity Sandvort buys his beautiful orphan wife Sophia like aprecious jar and out of vanity pursues his hunger for a male heir. Itis even vain of him to presume that it was his prayer ? that Godpreserve the newborn infant over his first wife ? that prompted God totake both. If he is vain to tell his friend that he'll dump Sophia ifshe's not pregnant in six months, he is moderated by his love to keepher. Indeed, at Sophia's ostensible pregnancy Sandvort asks Dr Sorgh tosave Sophia over the child, if the choice is necessary.Out of vanity Sandvort commissions the double painting, even after theartist clearly exposes the vanity of human wishes and security. Ofcourse the plan backfires when the painter and Sophia Sandvort fall inlove. Both sets of young lovers risk their passions in pursuit of the tulipfortune that would fund their escape. Both are thwarted by folly.Maria's young man makes his fortune. Falsely assuming her infidelity,he goes to a tavern where he is robbed of it and is shanghaied into thenavy and off to Africa. He leaves his pregnant lover in the dark.(Well, in the even darker, given the film's period lighting.) Theartist briefly forgets he's in art not business and bets his future onthe tulip market. Of course there are other fevers than just the tulip. The minor one isthe drunk's helplessness before temptation, even when conducting thatserious mission. A creature of appetite, he eats the bulb on which somany characters' fates depend.The other primary fever is love, which drives both young men intoruinous careers. So intense are the relationships that out ofdesperation Maria threatens to expose her dear and close mistressSophia in order to save herself. Sophia spurns the doctor who offers tohelp her provide his husband's heir. But to enable her escape with theartist she concocts the complex plot to pass Maria's baby off as herown and to feign death. The film's parts from the genre in its happy endings. None of the keycharacters die here. Sandvort, ashamed and defeated, bequeaths hishouse to Maria and makes a new fortune and family in the West Indies. The two young men also thrive, once they abandon their delusion of easywealth. The fishmonger becomes master of the Sandvort estate. Theartist achieves fame for his art. From sketching his nude lover headvances to a commission in the church ? where he learns Sophia did notdie after all but became a nun. Sophia realized she could not gothrough with her indulgent escape, nor could she return to the lovingand betrayed Sandvort. So she returns to her original home, theconvent. Love conquers all after all. As the abbess remarks, stories don't end;they just diverge. A painting freezes a moment in time. We read into itwhat may have led up to its composition and what we may deduce willensue. But film continues through time, so it affords the grace ofthese happy resolutions. The script shows Tom Stoppard's usual level of intellectual ambitionand clarity. There are also flashes of his wit. "What will you bid,"one man asks after an auction. "Farewell." "Is that necessary?" Mariaasks Dr Sorgh when he prepares to explore up her skirts. "Not really.Force of habit." Hence Sophia's return.