This film is one of the worst adaptations of Pride and Prejudice everfilmed and if Jane Austen were alive, she would demand that her name beremoved from the film. Austen's novel is only superficially a story ofthe development of true love between Elizabeth Bennet and FitzwilliamDarcy. It is also a commentary on the class structure of RegencyBritain. This film focuses only on the love story, therebydisappointing viewers who hoped it would do justice to the novel.There are numerous problems with the historical accuracy of the film.In the film, the dance at which Darcy snubs Elizabeth is not therefined dancing done by the gentry, to which the Bennet, Lucas,Bingley, and Darcy families belong, but is rather the dancing of thelower classes. The gentry would not have been dancing as if they wereat a peasant barn dance. There are costume and hair problems, too. Thecustom of the period required married women to wear white cloth hats tocover their hair and for women to wear bonnets when outdoors. Women ofthe Regency period were not so liberated as to forego the bonnetrequirements in public. The worst historical inaccuracy is the earlymorning meeting of Elizabeth (in her nightgown and coat) and Mr. Darcy(sans cravat and vest) at which they admit their love for each other.This is an unforgivable liberty with the novel. No respectable youngwoman or gentleman would venture out of doors in such a state ofundress or seek to meet someone of the opposite sex at such an earlyhour. But the worst thing of all with this film is the mangling of Austen'sdialogue and the atrocious modern dialogue. Austen's dialogue needs noassistance from a writer who thinks he/she can write like Austen. Thewriter of the non-Austen dialogue not only lacks Austen's talent butalso has no feel for Austen's style. The juxtaposition of the twostyles is jarring.As for the acting, the best is done by Judi Dench, who clearlyunderstands the imperiousness of the aristocracy. Brenda Blethyn takessome liberties in making Mrs. Bennet less awful than Austen'sportrayal. Her portrayal is interesting and seems to work. DonaldSutherland is miscast. His affected British accent is terrible and heportrays Mr. Bennet too much as a father of the 20th century and not afather of the late 18th century. Matthew MacFadeyn's portrayal of Darcyis flat. I can't imagine anyone falling in love with his Mr. Darcy.Keira Knightly is a pretty Elizabeth, but her portrayal of ElizabethBennet is far too modern. Knightly focuses on the Elizabeth'sforthrightness, but her portrayal completely lacks an understanding ofthe social mores and conventions of the time. She would have done wellto actually read the novel before attempting to portray Elizabeth andto do research on the behavior of women of the period.If one is making a period movie, one must be true to the period. Thisfilm needed an historical adviser who actually knows something aboutthe Regency period. It also needed a writer who has a betterappreciation and understanding of Austen's text. I can only hope EmmaThompson decides to do a film of Pride and Prejudice in the near futureto erase this abomination from our minds.The best thing that can be said about this film is that it containsmany pretty scenes of the English countryside. Chatsworth is well usedas Pemberly (as it was in the 1995 BBC adaptation). But pretty sceneryand pretty actors cannot save this film. True fans of Austen will rushhome to watch their DVDs of the far superior 1995 BBC production withJennifer Ehle and Colin Firth or to read Austen's text in order to wipethis version from their minds.