(RATING: ?? out of 5) GRADE: C- THIS FILM IS NOT RECOMMENDED.IN BRIEF: A love story that never blossoms into anything remotelyrealistic or moving.SYNOPSIS: A historical romance set in 16th century Amsterdam thatfollows two star-crossed lovers amid the flower wars.JIM'S REVIEW: Behold the tulip! Most delicate and beautiful, yetfragile and easily bruised. Its life expectancy is short-lived and itsags from its own top heaviness, finally withering after its bloom. Thesame can be said about its namesake, 's Tulip Fever, an overwroughtillogical melodrama that is fetching to gaze upon and, quite literally,a dull affair. Tulip Fever is a visual feast for the eyes and a fertilizer for themind. There is some good here, at least, technically: The stunningproduction design by Simon Elliott, detailed period costumes created byMichael O'Connor, and Eigil Bryld's luscious photography are firstrate. Danny Elfman has a lovely score also. These artisans deservebetter future projects. But mostly, there is plenty of bad on view.Justin Chadwick directed this potboiler with little flourish. His filmis well crafted but its central romance is tepid at best. Thescreenplay, based on Deborah Moggach's best-selling romance novel,tries to interweave its narrative with some historical accuracy andsome sexual passion and fails in both aspects. That celebratedplaywright Tom Stoppard (along with the author) created this sluggishand loopy film adaptation is mind-boggling to me. The love storyelements never gels with the political backstory and it all leads to anending that becomes thoroughly nonsensical and unsatisfying.The story-line goes like this: Apparently tulips were all the rage inAmsterdam, a valued commodity back in the mid 1600's. This special andrare flower brought high prices in what appeared to be a Ponzi schemeof sorts and the owner of this flora could earn serious guilders. Janvan Loos (Dane DeHaan, very miscast), a talented but struggling artist,wants to be part of the " flower fever". Hired to commission portraitsof a rich merchant and his lovely young wife (already you can see wherethis is going), Jan begins a torrid love tryst with Sophia (AliciaVikander) while his cuckold husband Cornelius (Christoph Waltz), who isin dire need of a male heir, is oblivious to their nightly romps.Mr. Waltz, forever typecasts as The Man You Love to Hate, takes overthe villain role and adds some nice layers to his stock character. ButMs. Vikander and especially Mr. DeHaan are unconvincing and unappealingin their roles as the doomed lovers. Their love scenes together arelaughable. Mr. DeHaan, always a poor man's Leonardo diCaprio type,seems like a little lost boy in heat and Ms. Vikander rarely finds theright persona of a woman losing control over her life. Instead sheloses control of her character. The two actors fail to add thenecessary heat to burn those embers of passion. Yes, they're naked andsweaty, but who cares?The supporting cast is totally wasted and the talent involved is givenlittle to do. Such fine British performers as Holliday Grainger, JackO'Connell, Douglas Hodge, David Harewood, and the great Judi Dench areill-treated. American and Scottish actors are treated no better asMatthew Morrison and Kevin McKidd are given little to do. Tom Hollanderdoes succeed in adding some needed humor in a minor role. But CaraDelevingine and Zach Galifianakis are walking enigmas in their parts asa prostitute and manservant, although if they switch roles, the filmwould at least be memorable.Tulip Fever reinforces the law of supply and demand in the core of itsstorytelling. Unfortunately, good drama is in short supply and demandto see this film should be limited. So don't invest your time or moneyin this folly. It's a real bust.