I'm truly happy and satisfied that I went to see this film in a movietheater, while ignoring the negative reviews and critics. I assume thatsome of those critics, who had already given the reviews, probablyhaven't even seen the film, but only the movie trailer and somehowjumped to the conclusion that the film is bad, but I'm telling youotherwise...it isn't.Tulip Fever is a romantic and historical drama based on a novel of thesame title by an English writer Deborah Moggach, which I haven't readyet, but after seeing the film, I'll definitely go to library and readthe novel. The story is set in Dutch Golden Age, precisely in Amsterdamin the 17th century, during the Tulip mania and it follows a youngadult woman named Sophia, who from after growing up and spending herchildhood in an orphanage, went to marry a wealthy, much older,businessman Cornelis Sandvoort, who hires a young and handsome painterand artist Jan van Loos, to paint a portrait of the couple and whilepainting it, the painter becomes obsessed by Sophia's beauty and fallsin love with her. The film contains beautiful and stunning visual shots, wonderfulcolors, for instance, blue dress, white and yellow tulips, etc., thesymbolism of the tulips and the whole 'fever' depicted in the film,great dialogue, affairs and relations between certain characters, theexciting, romantic and tense original score and music, so on and soforth. Acting and character development were fantastic, especially fromgorgeous Alicia Vikander and amazing Christoph Waltz. Also what isremarkably fascinating is the set decoration, costume design and allthe other cinematic elements that had established and created theentire historical atmosphere of the daily life in 17th centuryAmsterdam. The marvelous storytelling of this film has somesimilarities with the Shakespearean style of storytelling, which Ireally love.The only flaw and mistake with the film is that everything went sofast. The main problem was the certain amount of time and length of thefilm. The story is beautiful and you'll understand what is going on,but if the film was 2 hours and 40 minutes long, then there would beplenty of time for much better character development (for all thecharacters, not just Sophia and Cornelis) and also plenty of time tocreate more tense and interesting plot.Anyway, I encourage you to go and see the film for yourself. But whilewatching it and focusing on dialogue and narration, try also to puzzleand connect the pieces, carefully observe the shots, places, facialexpression of the characters, tulips, etc. and try to explain yourselfthe meaning of all of that, it will give you better understanding ofthe story. Go and see it, you won't be disappointed.8/10