I agree wholeheartedly with mkazmierczak's review. Having first readthe book, I became a die-hard Jane Austen fan. I felt surely no moviecould ever do the book justice for it would have to be at least fourhours or more to truly capture, and do justice to, the characters andmarvelous dialog.However, in the early 80's, I was blown away by the faithful productionI saw as a mini-series on Masterpiece Theatre with Elizabeth Garvey andDavid Rintoul. I didn't think anything would ever hold a candle to it,but later came the Jennifer Ehle-Colin Firth version and, though atfirst a bit put-off as I so loved (and wore out the VHS tapes to) theGarvey-Rintoul version, after a couple of viewings when it aired onA&E, came to love it dearly as well, adding it to my DVD library.Fortunately, the Garvey-Rintoul version came out on DVD as well, so Iwas able to add it, having worn out my tapes.At any rate, unlike the 40's film with Greer Garson and LaurenceOlivier, which is untrue to the book simply because movies did not lastmore that 90 to 120 minutes so, hence, had many, many liberties takenwith the script, this new version with Keira Knightley, et al, wasdreadful because the liberties it took were so completely out of theworld in which these characters lived as to be laughable.The actors are not bad actors, most are brilliant in the roles they'veplayed in other, finer, films. But any actor working with such adreadful script, and working under such poor directorial judgment, isbound to look bad as a result. I don't think Deborah Moggach read thebook at all, or maybe just merely skimmed it. I notice in the creditsthat Emma Thompson provided some additional dialog (probably the onlyfaithful portions), which greatly shocks me as SENSE AND SENSIBILITY isone of the best Austen adaptations so far. I wish Ms. Thompson had donethe *entire* screenplay. Why didn't she? She took liberties with S&S,too, but not to the detriment of the story. She kept every singlepivotal and important part, and was faithful to the storyline,characters, and time period. So, again, why didn't she write thisscreenplay?!!! Or if not Ms. Thompson, why didn't Douglas McGrath, whodid the wonderful screenplay for EMMA with Gwyneth Paltrow, write thescreenplay? Or if Moggach was so intent on modernizing the story andmaking Elizabeth Bennett a liberated female, then she should have setthe story in PRESENT DAY.If you have never read the book, if you have never read Austen, period,and if you have never seen any of the films or mini-series based onAusten's works, and if you've absolutely no familiarity with Britisharistocracy and its history and many changes over the last 2 or 3centuries, then you may very well enjoy this movie in and of itself.Otherwise, please stay away lest you be tempted to fling yourself intothe abyss after watching this bastardization of Austen. I imagine thiswas geared precisely toward the very audience it seemed to appeal tomost: young pre-teen and teenage girls who have probably never readAusten and possibly don't read much anyway.