This Chunk I've Written Does Have At Least One Spoiler. Clearly there'sgoing to be difference between a 5hr. production and 2hr. production,and there's going to be difference between an AE production (whichprefers to stay closer culturally and historically) versus a Hollywoodproduction (which caters to the modern American). Pride & Prejudicewith Kiera Knightley, I thought, was a very good MOVIE. Because it waschopped up and mixed around with enough of the original dialogue andwas said to be BASED on Pride & Prejudice, it shouldn't be judged assomeone trying to make a movie about the book. They took the story ofthe book, stayed admirably true to the events but changed thestructure. They were out to make a MOVIE not a book- to-movie movie.Considering all the horror, thrillers, action/adventure, romanticcomedies, and epics that are being made these days, the KieraKnightley's Pride and Prejudice was a breath of fresh air in anAmerican theatre - don't get me wrong, the other movie categories areall fine for the people who like them and I'm a fervent fan of them allexcept horror. Now, I'm Also a Jane Austen buff, so I DO realize thatit didn't have the same essence of Jane Austen like the AE version, nordid it stay as detailed. However, I was charmed by the cinematographyand the grittiness and the emotion of this movie. AE Pride andPrejudice is my favorite, but I want to speak up for this version aswell. I said grittiness because there was a much more striking contrastbetween the Bennetts' home and the Bingleys'/Darcys' home. I liked thatvery much because it was always hard for me to see why Darcy was such asnob about their station in the AE version, since their house was wellkept, pretty but only smaller and less grand. It was much easier tounderstand Darcy's snobbery in this movie towards their station, whilein both movies the family's behavior was equally embarrassing. Idisagree that Colin Firth did a Better impersonation of Darcy thanMatthew MacFadyen. They were different impersonations, but I dounderstand why someone else said that Darcy's turmoil and reformationwas much more under-the-surface-yet-tangible in the AE version, than inthis recent adaption. Being someone, myself, who's been hurt and liedabout, liked someone and had that person be told lies about me, I likedMatthew's portrayal of Darcy very much, because while proud, he seemedmore like a man glad to burst his usual restraints of emotion for awoman that he loved romantically. While Jane Austen portrays him asmuch more stiff and proud, as a MOVIE CHARACTER (they were out to makea movie, not a book2movie movie) I liked him very much, and even as avariation of Fitzwilliam Darcy I liked him. Many people I knew didn'tlike the portrayal of Mr. Bingley. I LOVED Mr. Bingley. In the AEversion, all Bingley seemed to do was smile, say his lines and smilesome more; he reaked of sweetness, but only of sweetness and hisperformance was genuine. In this version, Mr. Bingley was given a muchbetter portrayal of the man who was kind and sociable and not deficientin understanding, although Darcy was the clever one. In the AE version,Bingley was sickeningly sweet, polite and everything that a "young manought to be." In this version, although he sometimes fell all overhimself in expressing himself, he displayed all the emotions thatBingley was supposed to have. Blissfully happy(after the Netherfieldball in the morning), quietly regretful and sad (when he was leavingfor London), eager (when first meeting Jane), quietly-yet-fiercelyhappy and grateful when Jane accepted his proposal and (to myamusement) practicing his proposal with Darcy in the agitated,not-satisfied-with-himself way; wanting it to be perfect but he wasvery nervous. I liked Jane very much in both versions. Lizzy... KeiraWAS more homely than the norm compared to her other movies; nothing butdeliberate stage makeup could hide her beauty, but Jane Austen didn'twrite her character to be ugly or strikingly beautiful, she was writtento be mildly attractive, slender and to have her personality make hereven more beautiful in the mind of the reader and in the sight of Mr.Darcy. Wickham was not as good in this movie (in my opinion) as in theAE version. It was much easier to like him and have to be torn from himin the AE version, than in this version. He was very cliché in thisfilm and the line, "So I was the easy-to- forget person" (or somethinglike that) made me think, "Anyone who says that IS easy to forget, soyou definitely are forgettable." The cinematography was striking andpassionate to me, not just hunky-dory England. The romance betweenLizzy and Mr. Darcy came across as much more openly emotionallypassionate, and for this movie, I liked that very much, especiallybecause Mr. Darcy kept a pretty contained demeanor throughout thewhole, which made his outbursts during the first proposal exhilarating,his second proposal adorable and his "Mrs. Darcy kisses" something tobe wanted! --- The AE version vs. this version had more of the JaneAusten essence, but this version is not bad because of it. As a movieitself I really thought it was splendid.