SummaryIn 17th century Netherlands, a poor young girl named Sophia (AliciaVikander) finds herself becoming the betrothed to a peppercorn governornamed Cornelis (Christoph Waltz). Someone who is a widow, and seemslike a gentle man. However, his lack of youth and vigor makes him alovely husband but not someone Sophia necessarily is in love with.Making the entrance of Jan Van Loos (Dane DeHaan) into her lifedangerous. For the passion is instant and hard to control. Leading tothe house keeper Maria (Holliday Grainger) learning of the affair.Something which comes of use after she gets pregnant by William (JackO'Connell) and needs to blackmail her mistress to keep her job.HighlightsFor Those Who Love The Classic Music Usually Paired With Period Dramas,You'll Love This FilmOne of the main things I love about nearly all period dramas is thescore. The music is so relaxing and beautiful to the point, for dullerpictures, you could be lulled off to sleep. Luckily, this film isn'tthat boring.CriticismBut... It Leaves You So IndifferentHowever, I cannot say you'll necessarily care about anything or anyone.DeHaan and Vikander are your classic, "Here are two attractive peopleput together" vs two people with chemistry. Making it where you don'twant to forgive her for not only cheating on her husband but the extentshe goes through to get away from him. On top of that, Waltz may tonedown his eccentricities, but he is still charming and Cornelis isn'tmade into an ass.Yet, at the same time, you don't necessarily feel bad for him. You gethe is a nice guy put in an awful situation, which includes beingtricked to think his maid's child is his own, but nothing about himleads to pity. If only because there seems to be an effort to make itso no one can be the villain. At least of the main cast. So as much as,on paper, you think Sophia and Jan should be touted as terrible youngpeople, there is this sorry attempt at trying to excuse that with thembeing young and in love.And while we could talk about the whole tulip mania aspect of thestory, believe me when I say it is not worth it. It makes for a decentback story but like the different relationships in the film, it leavesyou not giving a single damn.Reminding me, William and Maria's relationship, while a bit morebelievable and cute than Sophia and Jan's, does not act as a silverlining. If only because they have some eye roll inducing drama in theirstory-line which ruins their momentum. Much less, how things end forthem, and everyone in general, really pushes the idea that there wassome desire to make a feel good ending here ? despite all that happens.On The FenceIt has Its Funny MomentsThere are little quips here and there which may cause a giggle or two.I believe Gerrit (Zach Galifianakis) might be the main one who maygrant this movie some sort of reprieve. However, it is through himplaying the village drunk. So, if you have built a tolerance forGalifianakis' style of comedy, or aren't the biggest fan of him, thismay not add any value to the film for you.Overall: Negative (Skip It)I really wanted to like Tulip Fever. However, it makes it far toodifficult to get into. There isn't a clear villain in this besides apatriarchal system. Outside of that, you can see there is some attemptat just showing a bunch of people doing what it takes to survive, maybeeven try to do more than simply that, but none of the people who arefocused on really craft a reason for you to give a damn.Hence the negative label. For despite the accolades some of theseactors have, despite whatever makes Dane DeHaan and Cara Delevingnekeep getting cast in movies, there is no strong selling point here. Notto say I understand why they pushed this movie back as often, and far,as they did, but I do really think unless you love period dramas, TulipFever will not be an experience worth the admission price.