I feel like I went into the movie with a relatively open mind. I wasreally sincerely hoping for a good adaptation (of the book, not theminiseries), but was sorely disappointed.First of all, in response to an earlier review or two, if you're goingto stick the actors in period clothing and put them in period settings,your aim is to be as close to the book as possible. THE END. To saythat some random change from the book is refreshing or that weshouldn't be comparing it to the book...is just stupid. I'm sorry. Ifyou're going to make a "P & P" adaptation, the majority of your viewersWILL BE people that WILL compare. It's a fact the director should havethought about when he decided to re-make this period romantic comedythat's been done and re-done three times in the past ten? years alone.Saying that he "shot himself in the foot" just seems so fitting.That being said, some more specific comments (that i'm sure have allbeen said before) about the movie. First, the editing was just soterribly choppy. There was no flow. AT ALL. I guess I can understandsome of it, what with the two-hour time limit, but really, if you knowyou can't fit it into the space of two hours (which I'm getting tothink is really an impossibility), why even bother? And, at thebeginning especially, the actors' lines were no better. Like in thedance scene that everyone seems to be so fond of: if you couldunderstand them at all, they didn't space out their lines...didn't givethem enough time to really CUT, like they're supposed to. And really,the time-limit excuse can only be taken so far. The cinematography wasbeautiful, but maybe we could have had a couple fewer images of nakedGreek statues at Pemberley, a couple fewer random landscapes...but thendialogue that has the presence enough to make a point! which was reallythe intention of the book or really any adaptation therefrom.Seriously, you already have this huge hard-core audience (like the typethat would have the time to watch the five-hour-long miniseries)...TAKEADVANTAGE! Extend it an hour and make a movie that people will want togo see DESPITE it's being a little long!And why exactly did they have to tone down Keira Knightley's looks? Thesisters on the whole were supposed to be the belles of the county! (Toanyone saying anything to the degree of "she was too flighty and/orhappy"...I donno...I kinda liked that change from theminiseries...she's still a young woman and really doesn't need to actquite as matronly as Ehle portrays her in the miniseries...that shelaughs in this one really is quite refreshing :) ) And then, why wouldan upper-middle-class family who lives off an inheritance need to havepigs running around? These people may not have been royalty oranything, but they were still substastially wealthy.And then...there was Darcy. **shakes head in disappointment** He issupposed to be tall, dark, and handsome. He's supposed to have apresence. The actor's voice was so gorgeously deep and could have beenPERFECT for this role, and yet, it just didn't fit. First of all, Ihave to say, he comes nowhere NEAR to being handsome. Despite hisbecoming a good guy toward the end (which usually serves to INcreasethe pleasant-ness of an actor's appearance), I thought he ended uplooked worse than he began! And then, the awkward moments between himand Elizabeth, while cute for all of 3 seconds, were really out ofplace for most of the movie. Someone said this earlier--he's SUPPOSEDto be proud and arrogant at the beginning...it makes him all the morecharming when he TRANSFORMS into a good guy. All the awkwardness justmakes him look pretty much as daft as Bingley (whose daft-ness isprobably a bit overdone in all the movies). How terribly sad. He prettymuch just single-handedly DESTROYS one of the most powerful romanticleads OF ALL TIME.Frankly, I think in casting Keira Knightley, they could have made anEXCELLENT modern-day adaptation of the book without compromising itsintegrity, (much like "Bridget Jones"). They really didn't need to gothrough all the time and expense of making a period romantic comedy ifthey didn't have the time to do it justice.