I was initially very skeptical of this movie. "Why do we need anotherversion of the book, when the BBC/A&E version was so thorough?" Ithought. I now feel that being thorough in an adaptation isn't nearlyenough, and that this movie version may actually do better justice tothe novel than the miniseries did.I say this because the miniseries was, after all, adapted from one ofthe world's greatest romance novels and yet at many times is notRomantic in the generally accepted literary sense of the word (and yes,I know Austen is sometimes considered Neo-classical). The movie, incomparison, is romantic in both senses of the word. I found myselfnoticing the overgrown and verdant plant life in several scenes and therainy proposal/fight scene between Mr. Darcy and Miss Elizabeth took mybreath away. By the time Darcy was walking across the field in theearly morning mist to make his second proposal to Elizabeth (with abeautifully lush score accentuating the mood), I was so enraptured thatI doubt even Wordsworth himself could have found words to capture myemotion.Admittedly, there are parts of the 2005 movie that I am not so ga-gaover. Although Rosamund Pike is angelic as Jane, the movie incorrectlyportrays her amorata Mr. Bingley as fool. Additionally, the mercenaryways of Mr. Wickham and the vicious nature of Caroline Bingley aresadly curtailed. Mary Bennet is much less priggish and Georgiana Darcycomes off as almost mischievous instead of painfully shy. And, I haveto say it, I really don't like Donald Sutherland as Mr. Bennet.Granted, Mr. Bennet is neglectful in the book, but Sutherland plays himwith a mean streak in the movie. But then again, Brenda Blethyn is sopleasantly ridiculous as Mrs. Bennet that I almost forget this.Besides, it isn't like it is Hugh Grant stomping all over the part ofEdward Ferrars (don't get me started on that travesty of a mis-cast). Iwas saddened to find that my favorite line in the fight between LadyCatherine de Bourg and Elizabeth had been struck, but then again,casting Dame Judi Dench as Lady Catherine makes my complaint seemalmost petty. The bottom line, as I see it, is that this is a storyabout two characters who fall in love the hard way, and how they areportrayed is so engaging that I can forgive nearly everything elseentirely.And I cannot say enough about how much I like the casting of the leadsin this film. Colin Firth made being stoic downright sexy as Darcy inthe miniseries, but Darcy is not made of stone in the novel. The novelmakes it very clear that he is already painfully smitten with Elizabethby the time she visits Netherfield to attend to her sick sister Janeand has a hard time keeping his emotions in check. Matthew Macfadyendoes a much better job of portraying that passion, and thereforepresents to us a much more approachable Mr. Darcy. The close up of himflexing his hand as he is walking back into Netherfield Hall afterhelping Elizabeth into the carriage is worth more than at least half ofthe romantic comedies of 2005 put together. As for the female lead,deciding between Jennifer Ehle and Keira Knightley would be a toss-up,but ultimately I agree with the director's assertion that the movieshould be remade with younger actors. Elizabeth is 20 in the book,Darcy 28. Ehle was 26, Firth 35 when the miniseries was released, whichis probably another of the reasons why that version seems so much morestaid when compared to the more emotionally charged movie.Ultimately, it was the last scene of the movie that really cinched itfor me. The miniseries ends with the marriage of Jane to Mr. Bingleyand Elizabeth to Mr. Darcy, but the book goes on past the marriagebefore it ends. In the book, Lydia visits her sister sans Wickham(since Darcy refuses to let Wickham anywhere near Pemberley ever again,after what he did to Georgiana) and she is constantly hitting up hersister for money. Also, Kitty starts living nearly full-time with theDarcys, and improves greatly after being separated from Lydia. And Mr.Bennett spends a lot of time at Pemberley too, leaving Mary and Mrs.Bennett alone at Longbourne to keep each other company. All of this isneglected in the miniseries, but comes to play in the movie, if youread between the lines in that final scene.I didn't catch it at first, either. I initially didn't quite get asense of the lapse in time, but then I realized that Elizabeth andDarcy are at Pemberley and there is no way that they could have made itfrom Hertfordshire to Derbyshire in the few hours between sun-up tosunset. It wouldn't have been proper to be so intimate before theirmarriage anyway. That one scene, with its sense of what their marriagewill be like after all the brouhaha is over, made me smile.Which is why I say again, I think that the movie may actually be abetter adaptation of the novel than the miniseries, because even thoughthe miniseries came closer to getting all the little details right, themovie comes closer to getting at the novel's romantic heart. Austenwrote "Pride and Prejudice" 15 years before she wrote "Sense andSensibility" and then stuck it in a drawer, and it is the passion ofthat first story, written at a time when the author was still quiteyoung herself, that still draws us to the story of Elizabeth and Darcy,and it is the passion of that love story that much more clearly comesthrough in the movie than in the miniseries. Because of that, I feel Imust get online and gush that I loved this movie.