I don't immediately think this is my favourite interpretation of JaneAusten's novel, but I do not hate it either.The look is good - rustic England - but the Bennets' home seems alittle "farmy". The assembly room (I assume that to be the setting forthe first ball) does have a good atmosphere, though - noisy, rowdy,informal, fun English country dancing. (Not in the maypole and morrisdancers sense - the type of dancing favoured at this time was actuallyknown as "English Country Dance".) A tiny point I noticed is how "ofthe period" the windows at the Collins' parsonage look. The one jarringthing was that blue, white and orange ceiling at Pemberley - surroundedby the other decor it seemed tacky in such a grand house.The wardrobe department doesn't give an impression of any kind ofco-ordination. The dress Lizzy wears to the first ball isn't dressyenough (to say balls and such functions were a chance for the unmarriedto meet potential partners) - she looks like she should be gardening init! The Netherfield ball is odd - Caroline Bingley wearing an unusualsleeveless number and Lizzy without gloves, where every other lady(even the extras) is in both gloves and sleeved dresses. Saying that,the striking costume difference when they first arrive at the ballmarks them out instantly as "high fashion" people compared to thelocals, but their entrance is possibly too dramatic.Jane looks pretty but Lizzy seems to have coiled her hair, stuck a fewhairpins in and hoped for the best. Mary is plain enough to melt intothe background - but the family looks mixed when Bingley returns tovisit Longbourn - Jane is "dressed up", Kitty and Lizzy are middlingand Mary looks like she should be scrubbing the steps.The Lizzy I envisage doesn't listen at doors to her parents talking(Lydia and Kitty maybe, but not Lizzy) but she is kind - ie. trying toget Jane the carriage to visit Netherfield. Jane listening at the doorwith her sisters during Mr. Collins' proposal also seems out ofcharacter - quite an extroverted action for someone described byCharlotte Lucas as not affectionate enough with Bingley. I missed theabsence of Lizzy giving a clear indication after Wickham and Lydia aremarried that she knows that the story he spun her had a few holes init.None of Austen's witty satire on Mr. and Mrs. Bennet's incompatibilityis present. I also missed Mr. Bennet's dry wit - he sounds solaid-back, almost half-asleep in some scenes. Although she looksdesperate pushing her daughters under Bingley and Darcy's noses as soonas they arrive, Mrs. Bennet obviously cares about their futures -although not shrieky as in the 1995 adaptation, you can see why Darcyfinds her behaviour vulgar. When Mr. Collins discreetly asks to speakto Lizzy (as with Bingley and Jane), her haste to clear the room seemslike overkill. (Incidentally, why go to the kitchen in the latterscene? Surely they had another "good" room to sit in?) Lydia and Kittyhaving their hair down adds to their youthful look. They both lookabout fourteen so it seems odd when Kitty states that she is older bytwo years. I'm not sure why Mary wears so much black and grey - is shein mourning? Her tears at Netherfield after her piano performance isn'tvery "Mary-like" - I always thought of her as vain enough to thinkherself brilliant. There is a nice montage of them all showingthemselves up at Netherfield - in a film, time is of the essence andthis is an effective way to show a lot in a very short moment.My crucial issue with the script and dialogue is that, while it is wellcrafted from Austen's source material, it seems rushed. Darcy (who,incidentally, didn't strike me as handsome) speaks in a rude, clipped,unfriendly way even when surrounded by friends. The Bennets' maidsounds like she's reading her line (although I liked the contrast ofthis young girl laying out shoes and dresses for girls her own age toattend the Netherfield ball, an occasion she would never be grandenough to attend - it was sad and poignant somehow) and the Bingleyfootman's "Miss Bennet" introduction sounds silly - I'm sure "Mrs.Bennet and her daughters" would have sufficed.At Rosings, Lizzy and Lady Catherine seem to be "reading" their lines.Lady Catherine's confrontation with Lizzy regarding Darcy's proposal isalso rushed - it's like the film crew only had five minutes of timefree in the schedule before lunch to film it. Lizzy's snappy responseto her family afterwards is not in keeping with the character KeiraKnighley has shown this far - more sulky teenager than witty female.When Darcy first proposes, I think they were hurrying through thescript to get out of the rain. They did include many brilliant linesfrom the book - I especially liked Mr. Collins turning his enquiryabout which cousin was responsible for the food into a kind ofbackhanded compliment by being pleased that the estate can generateenough to afford servants. The only downside is his voice - the"violence of his affection" for Lizzy described in a monotone wasironic.One small thing I'm not certain of - why is the travelling in this filmoften done at night? Lady Catherine visits Longbourn at night, Lizzyand the Gardiners come home from Derbyshire at night - do the filmmakers realise that this was still an era when highwaymen were lurkingaround at night? I like what the film makers were trying to do - I justcan't make up my mind as to whether they achieved it.