I went to see this movie without much expectation, as I was a big fanof the 1995 BBC series with Colin Firth. But my low expectations wereoverturned and I now consider it a much better depiction of theoriginal novel than any of the previous adaptations.I am in awe with what was achieved in only 2 hours. Thecharacterisation and direction is so subtle, with multiple layers thatrepay repeated viewings. On first viewing I thought that many of thesub-plots were poorly done - Jane and Bingley, Charlotte and Mr Collinsfor example - but look at the background in the dancing scenes! Therethe many interactions of these characters show the development of theirstories in a satisfying way. Even Elizabeth's relationship with herfather is conveyed in a few shared glances of understanding andenjoyment - for example he starts baiting Mr Collins at the dinnertable and she smoothly joins in - yes, strictly she is using lines thatare Mr Bennets in the book, but it shows how much in tune father anddaughter are, plus giving her a very witty, Lizzy-like observation tosay.In this version the Bennets are a real family, they interact naturally,even look similar and Joe Wright was very astute in developing somemannerisms that would be family traits. For example, their giggles hadsimilar tones, and the use of the hand over the mouth, which Mr Bennet,Jane, Lizzy and Lydia all use. I also loved the fact that the actorswere age-appropriate for the characters they were portraying - it madesuch a difference to how I perceive Lydia's antics (less knowing-slutand more young, giddy girl in love with the idea of love).Another big plus for me was to see humanised Mrs Bennet, Mr Collins andeven Lady Catherine - so different to the caricatures of the BBCversion. This achieved a much better balance with the other characters- I could never believe that Alison Steadman could be the mother ofJane and Lizzy, or married to Mr Bennet!Keira Knightley was a revelation, ably supported by a excellent cast,including Matthew Macfadyen (who has knocked Colin Firth from hispedestal).The photography is brilliant as well, especially in the big dancescenes. The one-shots of the Netherfield Ball are some of the mosteffective I have seen. All in all, give this movie a chance, it drawsyou in and makes you feel you are a participant and not just abystander.