Last week I saw Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close.. Steven Daldry hasthis quality of telling the story from quite a number of angles.. Butthe story loses its pace somewhere in between.. The reader is a moviethat tells the story of Hanna Schmitz(Kate Winslet) and Michael Bergover a long period.. The movie starts off showing Michael preparingbreakfast and it goes backwards where Michael met Hanna for the firsttime.. Hanna took him home where he was detected with fever.. He cameback to Hanna when he recovered where the affair begins and the affairgoes on and on and on... In between the affair Hanna expresses herlikings to read books but she likes being read to rather that readingherself.. Michael reads her "The Odyssey," "Huck Finn" and "The Ladywith the Little Dog." Despite the bond they shared Hanna disappearsfrom Michael's life one day.. The story moves to the point when Michaelis seen in law classes. The professor takes Michael to live courtsessions where he sees Hanna is being trial-ed for murdering 300 livesduring Nazi war crimes.. There Michael discovers the reason of Hannanot reading books herself.. Because she is illiterate.. He sees Hannaadmits all the murders in order to keep the secret that she does notknow how to write.. Hanna is imprisoned for life and Michael becomes alawyer with a unsuccessful marriage and a daughter.. While in prisonMichael sends Hanna recorded tapes of all the novels that helps Hannato past time.. She used the tapes to learn reading and writing thathelped her to write letters to Michael.. However Michael does not replyto her.. At the time when Hanna was to be released from prison Michaelwas her only contact.. Then we see the first confront of Michael andHanna after the date Hanna disappears.. Michael told Hanna that he hasgot an apartment for her and a job that upsets Hanna because sheexpected that Michael would keep her with him... She did not see theMichael that she wanted to see which killed all her intentions to liveand that made her commit suicide leaving a will for Michael.. Sheinstructed Michael to give her money to the girl that survived the Nazifire.. Michael does as she says.. The last scene shows Michael takingher daughter to the grave of Hanna and telling her the story oftheirs... A movie showing Nazi war crimes, illiteracy, a secret and intense lovemaking needs a better treatment.. the relationship between Michael andHanna never increased emotionally.. The story jumped from subject tosubject.. the only thing that held the movie together was theperformance of Kate Winslet and young Michael(David Kross).. Kate wasgood throughout the movie.. You will see the movie and think about itfor 5 minutes.. it will not reach your heart.. Altogether a movie thatcould have been more emotional and more intense.. This is where I missClint Eastwood...