There's no doubt about it ? where American drama film-making is oftenvery in your face, obvious and insistent, British film-making is farcloser to the European faction in its elegant, delicate subtlety. TheReader is one such example of this impeccable English film-making, andbenefits from the best England has to offer: Director Stephen Daldry,who was a long-time theatre director before moving to motion picturesrecently, and who has previously directed two excellent films ? theunder-appreciated underdog story Billy Elliot, and the even moreunderrated cinematic masterpiece that is The Hours; screenwriter SirDavid Hare, also a long-time theatre professional, in this case aplaywright; Roger Deakins, who is one of if not the bestcinematographer working today; and at least two of the best actingtalents Britain has to offer, Kate Winslet and Ralph Fiennes. Literallynothing in the film is blunt: ideas and themes in David Hare'sscreenplay are very subdued and under-the-radar, the acting is notbombastic and melodramatic but rather restrained and calculated, thecinematography serves its purpose but for the most part doesn'tparticularly stand out (Deakins, who won an Oscar nomination for hiswork on the film, should have been nominated for either of the othertwo films he shot this year, Revolutionary Road or Doubt), and in all,I actually felt that it was this subtlety and restraint that reallyheld the source material back from true greatness.That said, the film does contain many elements that come togethermarvelously, starting out from the screenplay. Like another excellentscript from 2008, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Reader'salmost extreme and radical subtlety dictates that none of its rich,resonant, powerful themes burst out of its seams, but rather remainbubbling right under the surface. Many critical viewers unfortunatelyinterpret this gentle, restrained subtlety and nuance as "lack ofcontent" and "emotional coldness", but I actually felt that this wasone of the film's greatest assets. From a distance, it may seem to thesimple-minded that the film is about the Holocaust and the horrors thatoccurred in it, but that couldn't be further from the point. As evidentin a very short and easy-to-miss scene near the beginning of the film,the true underlying message of the movie is about the dark nature ofsecrets, and the fact that sometimes, in order to keep secret somethingthat we are ashamed of, we end up doing far more atrocious things thanthose that we are trying to hide. This message can easily be applicableto the Holocaust, in that because of the German people's shame thatthey let an atrocity of this magnitude happen on their watch, theydidn't do anything to stop it in time. Then again, the message couldalso be applied on a personal, human level as well, and it is thisuniversality that lends it even more weight and relevance.In addition to the inherently rich screenplay, the film is also carriedand elevated by its performances. At the center, and also rightfullyattracting the most attention, is Kate Winslet's simply riveting,intricate and quietly heartbreaking performance. It's one of the finestacting moments of her undeniably illustrious career ? Winslet is myfavourite actress of all time and I don't think she has ever delivereda bad or even a mediocre performance; that said, this is definitely oneof her shining moments, and aside from sporting an excellent Germanaccent, Winslet demonstrates an incredible ability to embody hercharacter, who is so caught up in her own shame, both for things shehad no say in but also for atrocities that she participated in bychoice that she has become a closed shell, hiding all of her feelingsbehind a pale sheet of glass, although she lets just enough of themseep through her eyes to give us a hint of what's bottled up inside. Itis easily one of the best performances of the year. Also worthmentioning are the two actors portraying the young and old versions ofthe protagonist Michael Berg, David Kross (young) and Ralph Fiennes(old), both of who deliver stellar performances for entirely differentreasons. Kross is wonderful in showing the transition from theyouthful, lively, passionate Kross to the jaded, introverted andemotionally distant Kross, emotionally damaged by his unrequited lovefor Winslet's character, Hannah Schmitz, who one day just disappearedafter their whirlwind affair one Summer. And Ralph Fiennes isremarkable in his portrayal of the older version of Berg, by nowcompletely world-weary, isolated from everyone around him andemotionally cold and dysfunctional. It is another one of Fiennes'immaculately subtle performances that, although thoroughly excellentgoes completely unnoticed by awards circles.The Reader is a good film, but not a great one. It's subtlety andrestraint both in its screenplay and in its performances is terrific,but ultimately I felt that the film may have held too much back,keeping us not quite riveted by the plot or characters, as intricate asthey are, but rather more objectively but distantly interested.Although a definite beneficiary from excellent performances, inparticular Kate Winslet's enthralling, haunting portrayal, The Readeris also somewhat lacking in its more technical aspects, and while agood, entertaining and interesting film, I can think of at least fiveother films from 2008 more worthy of the coveted Best Picturenomination at the Academy Awards than The Reader.