BEWARE OF SPOILERS.There is a certain segment of the German mentality that is HannaSchmidt. English Kate Winslet captures the intent of novelist BernhardSchlink in her interpretation of the character. Hanna was an ordinarybut proud woman of discipline who always did her duty, a woman withoutthe ability to separate herself from what she knew was right and whatwas wrong, but a woman who was able to hide from herself what she didthat was wrong.She seduces fifteen-year-old Michael Berg. She finds him doubly usefulas a reader of great literature. She knows it will not work. Of coursehow could it? She indulges herself but, being strong and proud, is ableto divorce herself from him emotionally when the time comes, as itmust. When he reads D.H. Lawrence's Lady Chatterley's Lover to her, sheis genuinely offended at the open sexuality, but we viewers are takenback since what she is doing with 15-year-old Michael Berg is on thescreen and naked before our eyes.In a sense this is the somewhat familiar story of the young man ofstation and potential had briefly in his youth by the older woman whohas neither station nor potential. They take advantage of one anotherfor the time being, both knowing that they will move on. But youngMichael is not fully aware of this old story because his station inlife is, although above hers, still rather modest, and being fifteenand knowing a woman for the first time, he is in love as much as--oreven more than--a fifteen-year-old can be.She is short with him and selfish because she knows she will be tossedaside and so instinctively knows she needs to get something now. Shecalls him "kid" and consumes him, as would be the case in such arelationship. Yet there is his "reading." He has a talent for it and heenjoys reading to her. At one point she instructs him, reading firstand then making love.What is love? Hanna Schmidt does not know. And so her character istriply flawed. She has low self-esteem, hiding her illiteracy from all.She is removed from her feelings because of the past. That is how shehas coped. What she has done she knows on one level was somethinghorrendous; but on another level she only took the job at Siemens. Whatelse was she to do? She was a guard. She had to guard the prisoners,otherwise there would be chaos. This is her defense. This is herbelief. And finally, she cares for young Michael as she cares forherself, as one might care for valuable livestock, but she neitherloves him nor herself. For again "What is love," as Tina Turner oncehad it, "but a second-hand emotion"? At the end we see her, an oldwoman in prison being visited by the adult Michael Berg. She has putout her hand to him, and he, being human, has touched it. But he haswithdrawn his hand. And now they stand and she leans, ever so slightlytoward him to be hugged perhaps, to be touched for perhaps the firsttime in decades. But he does not respond. He cannot.This echoes back to an earlier scene when he, as a young law studentsuddenly finds himself observing her trial. He realizes that she istaking the blame for the deaths of the Jewish "prisoners" because shewould rather do that then reveal that she cannot read or write. It isinteresting that young Berg realizes the truth of why she liked to beread to only then. And so he thinks to save her by letting the courtknow that she could not have written the order that condemned theprisoners to death. And so he makes an appointment to go to the prisonand see her. But as she waits for her unknown visitor to arrive, hesuddenly turns away. What he realizes, one speculates, is that there isnothing he can say to her or to the court that will change anything.Whether she wrote the actual order or not really doesn't matter. Theothers get off with lighter sentences, but all of them are equallyguilty of whatever it was that was that allowed the German psyche toallow the holocaust. And too Berg is not clear about how he feels. Hereis a woman he once loved who now is revealed as a monster. Yes, she isa monster, but strange to say almost an innocent monster.It is curious that Berg so deeply loved her that he acquires her traitof emotional distance. He learns he can only sleep alone. His marriagefails. He is not as close to his daughter as he would like. And finallyhe is not able to help Hanna when she is alone in prison. He cannotbring himself to respond to her letters. And yet he reads to her. Hourafter hour after hour he reads the classics into a microphone and sendsthe tapes to her to listen to in prison.I wonder how this was received in Germany. There is such a guilt thathangs over the generations after the war. I wonder what they think ofthe humanization of a certain familiar mentality. And I must add thatthis mentality that follows orders and does its duty to the exclusiveof its humanity is not something special with the Germans of that era.It is a human trait that is expressive of a human type that can befound in any society.This is a deeply moving film, exquisitely written and directed andwondrously acted, especially by Kate Winslet.(Note: Over 500 of my movie reviews are now available in my book "Cutto the Chaise Lounge or I Can't Believe I Swallowed the Remote!" Get itat Amazon!)