The Reader is a film which for the first half of its running time goesto great pains to make sure the viewer sympathizes with the characterof Hanna Schmitz. Nevermind the fact that Hanna, a woman in her mid-30sliving a quiet life as a tram conductor in Germany in 1958, is carryingon an obviously inappropriate love affair with a 15-year old boy. Andin actuality there is not much love at all in this supposed loveaffair, this is pretty much all about sex. Well, sex and reading asHanna makes her young lover, Michael Berg, read to her before they getdown to business. The reading angle is curious to say the least butthat will make sense in time. Anyhow we watch as Hanna seduces theyoung, innocent Michael. And watch and watch and watch again as thismovie certainly doesn't skimp on the sex scenes. And despite thenagging sense that this relationship is obviously wrong the film makesno bones about the fact that we're supposed to feel empathy with Hanna,to be on her side. And then just like that Hanna disappears. Eightyears later we see her again. But now Hanna Schmitz is on trial. And welearn her dark secret. Hanna Schmitz was a death camp guard,responsible for the deaths of countless innocents. Are we still meantto have empathy for this woman? It's a lot harder now that's for sure.If we pity her maybe it is because of her other secret, the one shekeeps hidden as she finds it to be even more shameful than her deathcamp atrocities. Sorting out our feelings for the complex character ofHanna Schmitz will not be easy. And we're just watching the story,Michael Berg is living it. His coming to grips with the truths withwhich he is confronted is what it seems this movie is ultimately allabout.This is a movie which asks a lot of questions to which it appears thereare no comfortable answers. Most centrally, once we learn the truthabout Hanna's horrible past should we not be repulsed by thischaracter? She is pure evil, isn't she? Or was she just, as she rathercoldly explains it, doing her job? After spending so much timeembracing Hanna is it so easy, for us and for Michael, to all of asudden perceive her to be some sort of devilish monster? There is nodoubt that the story this movie has to tell is a unique andthought-provoking one. And with Kate Winslet playing Hanna you know youcan count on a thoroughly professional and powerful performance in thekey role. Perhaps even more impressive than Winslet is David Kross inhis portrayal of young Michael. We expect Winslet to be brilliant, wealso expect that she may thoroughly overpower and overshadow her youngcounterpart. Many young actors, matched against one of the leadingactresses of our time, would have been completely in over their head inthis thoroughly challenging role. But Kross holds his own. RalphFiennes bookends the film with his portrayal of the older, adultMichael and it almost seems as if he is in an entirely different moviethan everybody else. He's there at the beginning, he's there at the endand he has a moment or two sprinkled in the middle but wherever he isthere's a sense that in his scenes things are somehow a bit off. Nofault of his performance which is fine for what he is given to do. Butthis movie belongs to Winslet and Kross. As the story plays out thesetwo performers create characters you can't help but feel for. Even ifin Hanna's case you ultimately find yourself questioning what exactlyit is you should be feeling. And truth be told Michael will not befound to be faultless either. Maybe he doesn't always do the rightthing. Sometimes though it is not crystal clear exactly what the rightthing is.There is no denying that this is a powerful film. And Winslet and Krossare certainly excellent in it. Perhaps it doesn't all come together aswell as you might hope. The flashback structure doesn't always workperfectly. The pace does drag at times. And when the movie finallycomes to its end there's a bit of a sense of anticlimax. It's as if themovie has reached its natural ending point but there's still anotherscene to be tacked on, a scene which makes sense for the story but bythat point all the drama has really played itself out. But for whateverflaws there may be along the way there is no doubt that the story thismovie tells is a fascinating and powerful one. And that story makes themovie well worth seeing.