"The Reader" is without a doubt an emotional love story that spans thrutime and memory as it shows how it can affect and shape the life of oneyoung man. This type of film may not be everyone's cup of tea, yet Ifor one found it's themes of love, along with the hot and sexy steamylove making scenes, rounding out with the trial after war time thatarrives at painful guilt and truth discovery to be compelling andinteresting, as "The Reader" is just the type of film to draw thecomplete attention of a viewer. To add to that the performance of KateWinslet the lead lady of the film is portrayed to perfection as herrole of an older lady who's clearly a seducer is a real treasure towatch."The Reader" which was based on a novel is set in postwar Germany andit chronicles the life of one Michael Berg(Ralph Finnes)from the tenderage of 15 till his life up in the mid 1990's. Starting with Michaelbeing ill he meets Hanna Schmitz(Kate Winslet)one day as after Michaelis helped home and upon his recovery he again journeys back to seeHanna. Yet he will discover that Hanna is twice his age, yet despitehis tender age of 15 Michael is drawn into a very hot and steamypassionate love affair with her(I must say the love scenes were welldone and Kate shows plenty of skin). Michael being a schoolboy andHanna who works as a train ticket conductor keep their physical romancea secret, yet Michael discovers Hanna has one passion and that is sheloves for him to read stories and poetry to her(Oddly enough Hannaherself is illiterate)and this skillful fun only deepens their passionfor one another. Then the film shifts one day as Hanna leaves causingMichael to be heartbroken.Eight years later while Michael is a law student observing the Nazi warcrime trials, he will make a surprising discovery as sitting in thecourtroom back in his life is Hanna who's on trial as a defendant forwar crimes. Hanna does not defend herself even though she feels shedone nothing wrong you as the viewer really wonder about it if shefeels any guilt or not. As it goes on Michael's feelings of the pastbecome more and more intense as memories of love and passion never dieeven in hard and harsh times of guilt and regret.Really this film was well directed and paced by Stephen Daldry as itreally is a haunting epic about how even the truth and guilt intersectswith love proving memories can stand time from generation to generationeven though it's impacted by war crimes. Overall "The Reader" isclearly a watch in my opinion for the messages and themes it sends outlike love, passion, coming of age, regret, and most of all proving thateveryone has memories and that nothing can stop anyone from rememberinggood times like passionate love even though it didn't last. Also withthe performance from Kate Winslet the film is even much more memorablefor her bold and brave performance as her characters risk taking stylewas one to be remembered.