"Every single day -- 365 days a year -- an attack against childrenoccurs that is 10 times greater than the death toll from the WorldTrade Center...We know how to prevent these deaths -- we have thebiological knowledge and tools to stop this public health travesty, butwe're not yet doing it." Jean-Pierre Habicht, professor of epidemiologyand nutritional sciences at Cornell.Eight million of the eleven million childhood deaths a year couldeasily be prevented. That's because almost 60 percent of deaths ofchildren under 5 in the developing world are due to malnutrition andits interactive effects on preventable diseases. Is this not aholocaust? An old Soviet piece of gossip had it that Comrade Khruschev wasinterrupted during his famous 'secret' speech before the CommunistParty elite when he denounced Stalin's crimes in 1956, three yearsafter Stalin's death. A voice from the audience shouted, "Why didn'tyou speak out against these crimes when Comrade Stalin was committingthem?" Khruschev looked up from his speech and asked loudly, "Who saidthat?" A long silence ensued after which Khruschev observed, "That iswhy." When you see "The Reader", ask yourself why you are doing nothing aboutthe holocaust which is happening every year to the poorest children ofthe world. Is it because you are afraid to be seen as being 'silly' ortoo 'socialist' or 'soft hearted' or because the system demands thatyou pay attention to the important things of life like obeying yourbosses and keeping order and besides, "What can a lowly person likemyself do about the situation" and you're too busy speculating on whatthe real estate market will be doing in the coming months and finding apair of jeans at Jeans West which will fit.....Michael meets Hanna when he is fifteen. Unbeknownst to Michael, he iscoming down with scarlet fever. He is throwing up in an alley on a veryrainy day when Hanna, the tram conductor, stops to offer him a warmplace to rest until he feels better. Hanna also cleans up his vomitfrom the pavement. Hanna believes in orderliness and cleanliness. Thispenchant for order is apparent from the beginning of their relationshipand these traits lead her to offer Michael baths and to bathe herselfas well and as the movie progresses the motherly Hanna and her son-likefriend begin to explore the attractions which flow from such eroticcircumstances.Both Hanna and Michael are full of hidden passions. Michael could havebeen a Heydrich in Prague, had he been born 15 years earlier. He isclearly 'officer material'. Hanna, on the other hand, is a workingclass woman born 30 years earlier into a society which would tell womenthat their highest aspirations could be fulfilled by staying in thekitchen with the children when they weren't engaged in taking in achurch service. with the family. Education was unnecessary. Both Hannaand Michael are intelligent and attractive. Both are turned on by thedoors which are opened to them by great literature. Both are alsosocial products of their own German culture, with its various andsundry facets of puritanical, psychological repression, including akind of reserve which leads to the peculiarly German goodness ofkeeping one's mouth shut in public about things political, things whichthe authorities have well in hand. Hanna's fear of exposing her ownilliteracy and Michael's fear of public condemnation as a young lawstudent at speaking up for Hanna in a court of law are the stuff oftragedy. Sound familiar? Even after many steamy sexual encounters, Hanna is shocked by passagesin D.H. Lawrence's LADY CHATTERLY'S LOVER, telling Michael that it isthe equivalent of smut and that he should stop reading from it, almostas his mother would have. But clearly, Michael is not attracted toHanna because she is a mother replica--Oedipus, no. One has only tocompare and contrast Michael's screen mother with Kate Winslett's Hannato know that.However, it is 'klip und klar' that Hanna loves Michael and he lovesher but, unbeknownst to them both when they are together, their loveruns very, very deeply. They might believe that they will get overtheir summertime romance as time goes by, but the reality is that suchlove does not die, no matter what happens: there are no conditions forit.There are elements of Fassbinder's "Ali, Fear Eats the Heart" and"Berlin Alexanderplatz" in "The Reader". "Sophie's Choice" also comesto mind. See this movie and be prepared to cry for humanity because asThoreau observed, ""Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go tothe grave with the song still in them." Methnks this is especially soin cultures as deeply built on the authoritarian personality characterstructure as the German one is.