"The Reader" is full of interesting ideas, but it suffers fromlacklustre execution.The central question at the heart of the story is whether or not we'llever be able to distance ourselves enough from the Holocaust tounderstand how it was allowed to happen. Categorizing every person whoplayed a role in it as a monster is easy and it provides an emotionalcatharsis, but it also prevents us from learning from history. Afterall, not every person who worked in a concentration camp was evil --many of them were just people doing their jobs without any of thehistorical context we now have. And if we disregard them as somethinginhuman, we won't be able to know how to prevent something similar fromhappening again.This question plays out in the story of Hannah, a former concentrationcamp guard (played by Kate Winslet), and Michael, played as a young manby David Kross and as an older man by Ralph Fiennes. Hannah and Davidhave an affair before David knows of Hannah's past, and comes acrossher again years later when he's a law student and she's on trial as awar criminal. David must reconcile his loathing of what Hannah did withthe fact that he knows she's not a monster. Hannah's real shame are nother crimes, but rather the fact that she never learned to read, and thefilm's best moments come in the third act when Michael, as a way ofexpiating some of the guilt he feels at not coming to Hannah's defensewhen he knew information that would have helped her case, recordshimself reading some of Hannah's favorite stories and sends them to herin prison."The Reader" is a solid piece of film-making, but it has thatever-so-slightly-embalmed quality that comes when a director and writerfeel the need to be too respectful to the source material. It's sombreand tactful and always feels more like a filmed book than a movie. Itnever comes cinematically alive. It boasts good performances,especially from Winslet and Lena Olin, who has brief dual roles asmother and daughter concentration camp survivors. And it has oneall-too-brief thrilling sequence in which Winslet's character decidesto spend her time in prison learning to read -- just watch Winslet'sface as Hannah recognizes the word "the" for the first time. Otherwise,it's the kind of movie to admire rather than fall in love with.Grade: B+