First off, I will admit I did not read any reviews or synopsis of themovie beforehand. I hit play in total ignorance when I recentlystreamed it online. Yes, it's a bit shocking that a woman, who wasprobably in her early 30's, had an affair with a 15-year old boy.However, had I turned it off, like so many disgruntled reviewers,claiming it was nothing more than a sickly and vile movie aboutpedophilia, I would have missed an intriguing story that turned out tobe quite a surprise.I will give a few insights as to the story, without spoiling theending. It starts out with Ralph Fiennes, who plays the adult versionof Michael Berg reminiscing about the past. Set in 1958 post-WWIIGermany, it tells the story of a teenager who is helped by HannaSchmidt, a young woman, when he becomes ill with Scarlet Fever. Afterhis recovery, he returns to thank her, but to his surprise she seduceshim and an affair ensues.Hanna is a woman that at first you really know nothing about, otherthan she enjoys two things with Michael - sex and the fact that hereads books to her during his visits. Strange as it seems,they fall inlove until one day she mysteriously disappears without a word andbreaks his heart.Fast forward to Michael's days at university as he studies to be alawyer. His professor takes the class to sit in on the the war crimetrials. To his surprise, Hanna is a defendant, along with a group ofother women, for her participation as a guard at a Nazi concentrationcamp. Day after day he attends the hearings, listening to the crimesshe committed during the war and then realizes something about Hannathat no one else knows. The fact could lessen her sentence, but Michaelcannot reconcile the horrors of her actions in helping to kill theJews. What he knows, he keeps silent, and her sentence is life inprison compared to a paltry four years for the other women involved inthe same crimes.The movie is one of conscience as the younger generation deals with theguilt of the older generation and the crimes committed to humanity inWWII. Michael takes a sobering visit to Auschwitz to see for himselfwhere she worked as a guard. Hurt and brooding for the woman he onceloved, he makes the choice not to help her avoid her punishmentregardless of the secret she has held from everyone, which Hannarefuses to admit to even at her trial. Her shame regarding that onefact is greater than the shame of being a guard during the war and herparticipation as a murderer.In the end, the story reverts to Michael as an adult and the guilt andfeelings he has wrestled with throughout his life regarding Hanna. Themovie is an interesting and thought-provoking story that reaches farmore than the risqué first half of an older woman having sex with anunder-aged boy. David Kross looks very young in the part, but thesexually explicit scenes were not filmed until he turned 18 years ofage.If you're looking for a sobering movie regarding love, morality,secrets, and consequences of one's actions, this is a good flick. Ittouches the lives of those who participated and those families who werevictims. Kate's achievement in winning an Oscar, Golden Globe, BAFTA,and many other awards for her portrayal of Hanna are well deserved.Interesting post note on this subject, I did a Google search wonderinghow long the war crime trials lasted due to the timing in this story.To my surprise, I stumbled across an article in the Independent fromSeptember 2013 regarding Germany's continued prosecution. Even now theyare pursuing former guards at concentration camps, stating that arrestwarrants would be issued for, "40 men and six women suspected of havingworked as guards at Auschwitz." Some of these men and women are now intheir 90's, but the trials continue.