The Reader is one of my favorite movies from the year 2008. It isincredibly complex in the way you react to the characters of the movie.It carries many emotions from sensuality to anger all the way back tothat of sympathy and resolution. Many moves advertise themselves asunbiased and fair but nothing gets close to that like The Reader whichis able to build sympathy for a character you would never think youcould feel towards.The acting in the movie was phenomenal. Especially that of Kate Winsletwho draws out many emotions from whoever is watching. She plays anex-Nazi guard who has an affair with a 16 year old boy played very wellby David Kross. Her bitter, cold attitude, random behavior as well asher past history seems unjustifiable and deplorable. Yet you can donothing more than feel empathy and compassion towards the shame andhumiliation she feels about her one well kept secret. In the course ofher affair she ask for one thing, to be read to. From this do you seethe humanity within her. Ralph Fiennes also gave quite a niceperformance as an older Michael Berg who looks back on his life andthen later finds a way to open himself up through his time of selfreflection and sudden realizations towards life. David Kross plays theyounger Michael Berg whose performance was undoubtedly a very good one,maintaining his presence in not letting himself being totallyovershadowed. Overall the performances are very deep and will keep youthinking long after you have seen the movie.The directing and writing also was very key to the emotions felt inthis movie. Every scene had to be done precisely and consistently tofeel genuinely touched rather than feeling falsely drawn in. StephenDaldry did that under his great subtle direction. The writing by DavidHare allowed actors such as Ralph Fiennes, David Kross and of courseKate Winslet to give such stunning and deep performances and take thefilm to another level.I found this movie to be very compelling in many ways. The emotionsfelt here were not cheap gimmicks but that of feeling true sympathy andforgiveness towards what we would normally describe as something wrong,shameful and reprehensible. I can't remember another film that made mefeel these emotions for a character especially after learning onestartling secret after another. This film succeeded in ways that almostmovie would likely fail in, it did not come off as generous or lightbut as remarkably fair as a film or any type of medium can get sheddinglight on both sides of the spectrum. This is a film that is amazinglythought provoking and will bring out the humanity within all of us andshould not be missed.