Ask any number of people to describe an event, and they will all do soslightly differently. This is because each of our experiences and ourown personal psychologies influences how we perceive the world. Thisbeing the case, then how can justice be truly blind?Michael Berg (David Kross) becomes ill one day, but is helped by apassing woman. Later on, he tracks down the woman, Hanna Schmitz (KateWinslet) and they engage in a passionate affair. After falling in love,Hanna suddenly disappears, leaving Michael stunned and heartbroken.They encounter each other again years later, when Hanna is on trial formurders during the Holocaust (Michael is a law student observing thetrial).The film touches on many themes, including command responsibility, thetheory versus the actuality of justice, what constitutes morality andothers. These are challenging topics, all the more potent when theyinvolve the something as dark and horrible as the Holocaust. It is acredit to the filmmakers that not only are all of these themes andideas presented intelligently and in ways that stir our minds, but theynever make the film exploitative.Kate Winslet is easily one of the most exciting and versatile actressesalive today. She finally won a long overdue Oscar for her performanceas Hanna, and she is wonderful. Aloof but naiive, Hanna is afascinating individual and is brilliantly realized by Winslet (I haveone minor quibble...when she is shown in old age, Winslet doesn'tadjust her voice, but that's hardly worth mentioning). As Michael,David Kross matches her beat for beat. He's also stand-offish, but he'sfallen helplessly in love with Hanna, which changes his life forever,and leads to an extraordinarily complex moral quagmire. Ralph Fienneshas a small role as the Older Michael, but we can see the similaritiesof a man whose picking up the pieces of a traumatic life.The film is superbly constructed by Stephen Daldry The film hits thecorrect note every time, however the film's ending is a little toooblique. Nevertheless, this is a rewarding and extremely involvingfilm.