Okay, now I've seen the two simultaneous Winslet movies. Both arecelebrated. Both seem to understand Kate's gift as an actress ? thatshe is one of those rare players who can convey what a character doesand also, via another channel, what she thinks or rather what motivateswhat she does. Its what I've called folded acting, with that secondlayer being a direct communication with the audience that annotates thefirst.Its a specific sort of openness, and usually a filmmaker asks her to beobviously open. Both of these men, understanding this, have asked herto do the opposite. She is instead, obviously closed, using that secondchannel to convey that the channel is there but much is hidden.Both of these films are amazing on this count. Its a new development infilm acting in the 50 years or so since folded acting first emerged.But otherwise, oh, what a difference in the two films. The"Revolutionary" one is made by her husband apparently just for this oneeffect. There is no narrative structure, only a stunt. The music is themain character there.This film is wonderfully structured. It as rich in narrative facets asshe is, each reinforcing the other. Seeing the two close to each makesme wonder why it isn't obviousThe film starts with us being told that literature, great literature isabout hidden information. Then, throughout, we have the thread of thelaw, both referencing classroom and trial genres except for the focuson what is not revealed. This is folded into the very literature itselfthat is denied this woman, except in three circumstances: one we hearabout and two we see.And THAT is folded into love, its unrelenting yearning that can gnaw,its sex (obsessively, Germanically clean) and its idealistic romances.Both Chekhov and Homer as the templates. Wow, what care!Its a matter of all choices having been discovered and not made. Aboutwhat daughters do not know. Lena Olin has a career high here playingtwo generations. Her portrayal of the daughter is profound. We neverreally understand what happened with her: her mother was the onlysurvivor of a specific situation. It seems that the daughter was bornafter the war and wrote a book about her mother's plight, neverescaping the story.Its all about observing, observing in every dimension and the power oflooking even when you cannot seem to see.At the end, there is a remarkable contrast between Hanna's stark cell,indeed everything in Germany we are shown as stark, and the opulenthome of the daughter. There, she reminds that illiteracy is not aJewish problem ? this is after literature has been conflated with life.There is a pretty, sexy law student with whom our lad sleeps. She mayhave become his wife and that one evening the origin of the otherdaughter. She is played by the same actress who was the Plum Girl in"Perfume," the original womanscent.The role of a certain church is deliberately kept ambiguous. It may infact be the church that we visit twice. We never really learn whathappened there, and its significantly shrouded. That will always behidden.The same fellow who made this also made the similarly deep "The Hours"and the execrable feel good trailer trash "Billy Elliot." Go figure.Ted's Evaluation -- 3 of 3: Worth watching.