This is a non-linear narrative of a relationship between twoincongruous protagonists, aged a generation apart, set in post-WWIIGermany.Over the summer of 1958, fifteen year old school teenager Michael Berg(David Kross/Ralph Fiennes) fortuitously through an illness enteredinto the lonely non-abstract world of Hanna Schmitz (Kate Winslet), athirty-six year old tram conductor, who carried a tightly keptlife-long debilitating personal secret. She bartered sex that satisfiedhis youthful lust for his lively literature reading sessions thatcolored her world. He fell deeply in love while she remained rathernonchalant and mysteriously disappeared from his life one day without atrace.Eight years later, as a law student observing a court trial of ex-SSguards, Michael was stunned to see Hanna as one of the defendants. Inthe ensuing court room drama, her personal secret was threatened withexposure. It was then that Michael realized what it was and theenormous sacrifice she was prepared to bear by assuming the guilt ofothers in order to preserve it.Shocked by the revelation of her horrid past, tinged by fear of socialostracism for his association, yet still captivated by his love forher, and constrained by knowing that she was unwilling to reveal hersecret, he was unable to find the moral compass to intervene in herfavor during the trial.During her years of incarceration he found comfort in continuing hisreading sessions copiously but remotely through the medium of taperecordings. It was this long and dedicated labor of love thateventually enabled her to overcome the 'albatross around her neck'. Shein turn indirectly provided the catharsis that liberated him from thetorment of his covert relationship for most of his adult life. However,don't expect a happy Hollywood ending! Based on Bernhard Schlink's novel, now a standard text in the Germanschool curriculum for understanding the country's history and the firstGerman novel to top the New York Times' bestseller list, the microcosmof Hanna and Michael, weaved into the country's tumultuous post-warsoul searching, was a complex set of metaphors for a country grapplingwith the truth, meaning and reconciliation of its past emotional andmoral morass.The innocent naivety of the immediate post-war generation was shatteredwhen they discovered the crimes perpetrated by those whom they lovedand cherished. They had to come to terms with the past, struggle tocomprehend its meaning. Michael's emotional turmoil following hisawakening to her secret and past history represented what was exactlyhappening in his society.The personality traits of Hanna could be portrayed as being reminiscentof Hitler's Germany. Yet there was much humanity that seeped throughthat facade - her unsolicited act of kindness to Michael's illnesswhich was the genesis of the liaison, her thorough emotional immersionin his readings, her rapturous response to the church choir, herattempt at reconnecting with him near the end, and her final remorsefulacts. We could not hate her. Liberation from their respectivedebilitating secrets conveyed a positive metaphor for the country'sfuture."You don't have to apologize to anyone!" "Nothing comes out of thecamps." "Love completes the soul." "Society thinks they are guided bymorality but in fact they are following laws." "Why don't you start bybeing honest with me?" These are examples of many dialog pieces thatwere laden with meaning beyond the context of the narrative.