This isn't meet-cute. Fifteen-year-old schoolboy Michael Berg (DavidKross) first encounters his 36-year-old future lover Hanna Schmitz(Kate Winslet) by throwing up in her doorway. It's a dismal rainy dayin a German city in 1958 and he has taken ill on the way home fromschool. She cleans him up and accompanies him to his family. He turnsout to have scarlet fever, and is kept at home for months. Once he'swell again he goes back carrying a bunch of flowers to thank Hanna forher kindness, but realizes he's turned on, and bolts in embarrassmentwhile she's bathing. Eventually Michael returns and happily loses hisvirginity. A regular ritual of reading, bathing, and lovemakingdevelops between him and Hanna. He reads to her; she bathes him; thesex is mutual. She is a tram conductor with a harsh manner, and severalhuge secrets. She seems to be using Michael, but she's also enjoyinghim mightily, and he is reaping enormous rewards, though his affairputs pressure on his relations with family and schoolmates.Bernhard Schlink's original The Reader was an international bestseller.A lawyer and judge who writes, Schlink departed from his usualdetective stories with this novel that becomes a meditation onNazism--the denial of the surviving participants and theincomprehension of Germans like Michael who were born in the aftermath.Michael's feelings toward Hanna become much more complicated thansimply those of a youth introduced to love by an older woman--ascomplicated as the feelings of Germans about the demons in their modernpast. As for Hanna, she seems to understand nothing and to be moreconcerned about how she appears than what she has done.The book is in three parts. First there is the love affair of theschoolboy and the tram conductor, which ends abruptly and painfullywhen Hanna suddenly disappears. In the second part it's eight yearslater and Michael is a law student attending trials of Nazis withfellow students and their seminar teacher, Professor Rohl (Bruno Ganz).One day the young man is horrified and riveted to learn one of thedefendants is none other than his long lost Hanna. She turns out tohave been an SS guard at a satellite of Auschwitz and she's on trialwith five other women for allegedly allowing several hundred prisonersto burn to death locked inside a church. This trial paralyzes Michael.He has never gotten over his first, interrupted love idyll with Hanna.Now he is filled with guilt for having loved her but also a sense thathe should help her when he realizes he has information that might lowerher sentence.The last part, thirty years later, consists of several brief visits byMichael, first to Hanna in prison, then to the posh Manhattan flat of aJewish woman, Rose Mather (Lena Olin), who was at the trial. She wasone of the survivors and wrote a book about her experiences that wasused in evidence. This provides a kind of coda.Schlink's novel is neat and arresting, a page-turner that conceivablymakes you think. Its Holocaust issues are cunningly intertwined with asensuous--and rather peculiar--coming-of-age story told by a sensitiveman still struggling to understand his experience and his country's. Iread the book with interest, but found it a bit contrived. Thistogether with Stephen Daldry's previous choice to film MichaelCunningham's The Hours shows a weakness on the English director's partfor stories that are a little too clever and schematic.This time the screenplay by the British playwright David Hare doesdamage to the book by altering its chronology, chopping it up andmuddling the original linear three-part structure. Hare has said ininterviews that the interpolated device of Michael's telling his storyto his grown daughter was necessary to make sense of his voice-over.(That,however, is debatable.) Having settled on this device, Hare feltobligated to keep interjecting the mature Michael, played by RalphFiennes, at points throughout the film. The omnipresence of Fiennes'glum face undermines the sense of the young Michael's eagerness and,later, shock and confusion.Fiennes as Michael revisits a cosmetically aged Kate Winslet as Hannathree decades later when she is about to be released from prison.Michael could never bring himself to visit her, but sent her tapes ofhimself reading the same books he read to her during their affair.Fiennes is a cold fish, hard to relate to the lively and sweetpersonality of young David Kross.The film is hampered from the outset by its use of the outmodedartifice of dramatizing a story that takes place in another country andanother language and yet having everyone speak English, with several ofthe main characters played by Brits (Winslet, Fiennes) putting onGerman accents. Bruno Ganz speaks with less of a German accent thanthey do.There is much of interest in this glossy production, beautifullyphotographed on location by two of the best DP's in the business, ChrisMenges and Roger Deakins. Ganz's professor is an ambiguous, subtlecharacterization. But since the drama of the unfolding story has beendestroyed by breaking it up into pieces, the only thing that remainsalive and beautiful and strange are the love scenes between Kross andWinslet. There is good chemistry between the 18-year-old Kross and the34-year-old Winslet, and their nude scenes are bold and intimate. It'sonly when the machinery of what Schlink and the filmmakers are tryingto tell us about German guilt and denial goes into action that thingsbegin to be clunky and cold. Unfortunately, that is a big part of thepicture.