There's an urgency in human nature to understand. When it comes to theHolocaust, history's bleak, unsettling period, it doesn't matter whatbook you've read, film you've seen or account you've heard; in the end,your response it halted by its incomprehensible conclusion. How couldhumanity course its way towards such a violent, destructive path? Howcould people knowingly send men, women, and children to their impendingdoom? Most puzzling, how could the world allow it? Even though its been63 years since the blood-drenched annals of World War II, its aftermathtoday is still bone chilling.After a six year celluloid dry spell, Stephen Daldry returns to thedirector's chair in a brilliant, sexually charged, and oddlyheartbreaking tale about the complexity of human morality and thelifelong repercussions that result from our actions. Adapted fromBernhard Schlink's best-selling German novel, "The Reader," Daldry'svisual translation is a powerful, emotionally absorbing film that isone of the year's best. It's superbly crafted.With World War II over, Germany, in 1958, is still recovering. Deepwithin Heidelberg, Germany, Michael (David Kross), a young pubescentteenager haven fallen ill, is comforted by Hanna (Kate Winslet), a hardworking woman who is twice his age. Taken by her generosity, Michaelrevisits Hanna to offer his gratitude. What begins as an awkwardreunion escalates into a seductive, forbidden affair that intensifieswhen Michael begins reading to the distant, empty Hanna, who is deeplyawakened by Michael's spoken literature. Too young to understand love'scomplicated implications, Michael is emotionally devastated when Hannasuddenly disappears. Nearly a decade later, unable to forget hispassionate summer while studying law, he attends a Nazi trail, and tohis dismay, hears Hanna's distant voice."The Reader" is a complex film; maybe a little too complex for some.Though the film pertains to Nazism and the "sins of our fathers," inessence, "The Reader" is a film that reflects the emotions inside allof us. During a lecture, Michael's professor comments, "Societies liketo think they operate on morality but they don't." In this cynical age,how far from reality is that statement? During Hanna's trial, she'squestioned why she participated in the Nazi party's horrendous warcrimes, broken she replies, "It was my job." Oddly enough, that seemsto be the justification most people use. Surprisingly, though, "TheReader" isn't about her exposure as a war criminal, but an exposure onan individual who took the wrong path. She's not a bad person; she'ssimply made wrong choices. However, when it comes to having involvementin the Nazi's liquidation of the Jews, how "wrong" can you get? "Youask us to think like lawyers," cries on student, "what are we trying todo?" A distraught Michael replies, "We are trying to understand!" But,just who exactly is trying to grasp a deeper understanding: the courtor Michael? How can Hanna's past be forgiven? Director Stephen Daldrybrings the much needed emotional layer that a character such as HannaSchmitz desperately needs. Although her actions are beyondunforgivable, strangely, we sympathize with her. Maybe it's her othershameful secret. Maybe it's superb character development."The Reader" is a film that is driven by it's raw performances. In oneof her finest hours, Kate Winslet gives the performance of a lifetime.It's a haunting and heart-breaking. David Kross, who's only 18, isimpressive as the teenager with raging hormones; it's such a daringperformance. Winselt and Kross bring this picture together. Theirperformances are jaw-droppingly brilliant. Completing the role ofMichael, as the tortured grown man, is Ralph Fiennes, who balancesMichael's despair through his melancholic emotion when he encounters agrown Jewish woman, played by Lena Olin, who was also at Hanna's trail.Although her scenes clock in less than 10 minutes, Olin, too, isbreathtaking.When "The Reader's" credits rolled, I sat quietly shaken by what I hadwitnessed. It's a film that is impossible to forget. When a grownMichael asks Hanna, "Have you spent much time thinking about the past?"Heartbroken, she replies, "It doesn't matter what I think. It doesn'tmatter what I feel. The dead are still dead." She's right.