Just to put my review in the right context: Yes, I am a Twilight seriesfan. However, my opinion about the movie Twilight has very little to dowith that.It took me about a year after reading the series to finally build upthe courage to see the movie. Partly because I didn't want to ruin thefaces that my personal imagination had put unto the character's facesand also because a movie rarely is satisfactory after reading the bookfirst. Lord of the Rings being one of the exceptions I can think ofright now. After finally watching the movie I was left mainly feeling embarrassedfor Stephenie Meyer and baffled that a movie like that ever made it tothe big screen, let alone became such a sensation. The movie justdoesn't make sense. And here's my big issue:I certainly get that movies do not always have to be exact replicas ofthe books they came from. I have no problem with that. It seems thatthat is exactly what they tried to do with Twilight, since theycertainly added quite a lot of scenes to the movie that are nowhere tobe found in the novel and completely changed the setting (and feel) ofseveral key scenes. So they wanted to kind of step away from the book.Fine. Then why, oh why is the movie completely incomprehensible toanyone who hasn't read the book? It's like they haphazardly pickedscenes from the book and then threw them into the movie withoutbothering about continuity or actually connecting them as to make itclear to the viewer what's going on, why and how this all came about.Everyone that I have talked to that had seen the movie without readingthe book, admitted they really couldn't make sense of what was goingon. Go figure. Either make the die hard fan happy by giving an exactrendition of the book (especially in the key scenes) or throw it alloverboard to make a stellar movie mainly based on the book, whiletaking a lot of liberty in translating the novel to the big screen.Don't jumble it up leaving everyone disappointed.So if Twilight was some artsy exercise in portraying an erratic dreamsequence onto the big screen, then I gleefully will have to admit Ididn't get it. But as it stands, it looks more like exactly that: anexercise. An exercise by a film student in his or her first year, wherethey weren't taught yet how to link scenes together. I am happy NewMoon got a new director. Maybe he'll be able to figure out how toadjust a book to the big screen and still have it make sense toeveryone, including, for instance, poor boyfriends that got draggedalong to the theater but never read the book. I might deep down stillnot be happy that it's not quite exactly like the novel, but at leastit will make sense.