First of all I have to admit that I have never heard about the booksbefore this movie, after seeing the movie I would not read those bookseven if I get paid to do so.The story line seems directed at very young girls, so I was kinda ofreluctant to see the movie, but I am such a fan of vampires (Louis,Lestat, Buffy, Angel, Spike, Selene), I thought that I might as wellgive it a shot.I was greatly disappointed. The plot of a deadly dangerous "boy" fallfor the "damsel in distress" and protect her with his life against allthe dangers of the world, including himself ? is romantic and dreamy.However, the movie turns out to be a huge disappointment and downrightridiculous.The love scenes between the two main characters are too long andboring, they lack depth, warmth and credibility, he just popped everynow and then by her side and told her to stay away from him, she findsout he is a vampire (a reasonably enough deduction! Vampires are knownfor a fact to exist among us) and fell hopelessly and irrevocably inlove with him. I find that I don't relate to them at all. Kong had morepassion and facial expressions for God's sake.Edward has the appeal of a cardboard, he did not strike me asparticularly dangerous or brooding, he looked depressed, ratherpsychotic and severely malnourished. And the speech of "I am the worldmost dangerous predator?' Could he be more ridiculous. Oh yes and heglitters in the sun too! Bella, why did she all the time look likeshe's just smelled something disgusting? And what is all the stammeringand umms and ohhhs and uhs? And here I am a young girl in a strangetown and a vampire comes to me and tells me that I smell so good hecannot resist eating me, do I get a little scared, worried ... at all... not even a little, NO I trust him utterly and completely and throwmyself in his arms, putting not only myself but my father as well indanger.ALL other characters were underdeveloped so there is absolutely no wayto judge them, the only prominent feature about them is how bad theirmakeup was, the faces were too white, this is beyond pale, like they'veused flour, and the makeup artist did not even bother to cover all theway down their necks or their ears, and God ... way too much lipsticks.Not to mention the hair, isn't it kick-you-in-the-crotch painful tolook at those hair styles. And the Cullens, they tried to beoh-so-dangerous and "vampiry" but they ended up being laughable,strained and ridiculous. I only liked the evil vampires, althoughagain, they were way underdeveloped.Special effects sucked big time, if I wanted a fast forward blearymotion to show me how fast these guys are, I would have just pressedfast forward on my set.And why was it only Edward who could suck the venom out of Bella,especially when he is in such danger not to be able to stop, why notCarlisle or Alice. I guess it was only to deliver the silliest sceneever, the expression on Edward's face was priceless.I have never ever ever in my life heard such a ridiculous script ?never ? ever ... EVER "Are you going to tell me how you stopped thevan? Yeah. Um, I had an adrenaline rush. It's very common. You canGoogle it" ?" I only said it would be better if we weren't friends, notthat I didn't want to be. What does that mean? It means if you'resmart, you'll stay away from me. Okay, let's say for argument's sakethat I'm not smart"? I could go on. Have you ever heard of "We'llalways have Paris" or even "You complete me"??!!!?? Where are theaspects that we all love in a vampire movie; dangerous lurking in thenight, flinching from the cross, avoiding the sunlight for reasons thatdoes not involve sparkles and glitters, stakes, and fangs ... where arethe fangs??? Even just dangerous looking teeth would have satisfied me.I think in this movie vampires will suck your blood dry by simplystaring you to death.So vampire and wolves, my two most favorite creatures of the night havebeen totally butchered, ridiculed and distorted in this awfulridiculous awful stupid awful movie.I don't recommend this movie to anyone, in fact I recommend thatwhoever participated in this movie, even remotely, anyone who waspresent within two blocks from where they were filming that movieshould be set to be eaten by wolves or better yet by vampires ... theyreally deserve a chance to avenge their tarnished reputation.