It's to be expected that when a novel is adapted onto film, you can betthat it will loosely follow the original story-line... with "Hollywood"twists added to it for marketability. Going into the theater I reallyhad a very open mind and was hoping to enjoy the movie, even with mylow expectations.I'll admit I'm not the target audience of Stephanie Meyer's novels. I'm26 years old and have long out-grown my days of shrieking over teenidols (I got that all out of my system when I was screaming over LeoDiCaprio back in the day). Regardless of some of the immature drama andobvious typos/English/grammar errors, I still enjoyed reading theTwilight series. Something about the forbidden love between Bella andEdward really sucked me in and I continued reading their journey allthe way through.Despite my mindset, I feel that Twilight falls completely flat on it'sface leaving much to be desired. I've only been to 2 movies in my lifewhere people have walked out of theater mid-way through... and Twilightis one of those movies. Twilight is also one of the worst movie's I'veever seen... sparring toe-to-toe with Jumper in terms of being theworst. How do I even start?? Some of the people who have writtenpraising reviews of Twilight have mentioned that reading the book helpsyou appreciate the movie. Even though this is an adaptation of apopular novel, I feel that it shouldn't be a necessity for someone toread the book before hand in order to understand and enjoy the movie.It's imperative that the movie can draw in a broad audience and doesn'tjust pander to Twilight fans (which it obviously did).As I watched the movie, I kept thinking... if I had not read the books,I'd have NO IDEA what was going on. The screen writing was absolutelyterrible. You can't just take some literal word for word quotes fromthe book and expect that to clue in the audience. In one scene Bellaand Edward completely despise each other and in the next they'reprofessing their love to one another. So much for character developmentand the gradual momentum of their relationship. Let's go from 0 - 60 in3 seconds! Catherine Hardwicke's vision for this film also comes short.She attempted to make Twilight into an artsy film when that's just notthe right direction for it. The camera angles... if the movie was inhigh definition we'd probably be spending most of the time looking athow much lipstick Robert Pattinson was wearing. In other words, sheused too many close shots to portray emotional depth. Special effectswere particularly ghetto. The only scene with effects that I did likewas the baseball scene.The one aspect of the film that really did me in was the mediocreacting. Somehow I felt like this movie was dedicated to showcasing howhandsome Robert Pattinson looked. I did like Kristen Stewart'sperformance in Into the Wild. However, her portrayal of Bella was oneof angst and coldness as opposed to being fragile and shy. The wholetime Bella acted like a completely beeotch, which was aggravating.Robert Pattinson focused too much on the tortured aspect of Edward'spersonality rather than his refinement, intelligence and charmingnature. Whether I can completely fault them for portraying the leadcharacters this way is questionable... they could have possibly beenfollowing Catherine's direction. The bright spot was Billy Burke asCharlie. His acting really stood out and I'm glad he was casted.Overall I don't see myself even renting the movie when it comes out onDVD. Hopefully with the making of New Moon, they will make a number ofnecessary changes so that it will become a more higher quality movie. Iwon't hold my breathe though... I'll just see who they chose to replaceCatherine Hardwicke.