The much revered and respected writings of Stephanie Meyer exploded onthe scene back in 2005 and left the reading public wanting, no, beggingfor more TWILIGHT! Although, once released, these books targetedyounger teen girls, many adults (namely women, ages 20-45) found thesenovels just as enticing and addictive. I, myself, am a big fan of thisseries and have truly enjoyed reading each book (Three times each...what?! Don't judge me!) When I caught wind of Twilight being pushedinto production I was beyond excited (Yes, I was one of those peoplewho bought their ticket online, 3 weeks before November 21st). Withmuch anticipation I watched casting choices, photo shoots and trailersand despite much controversy over some of the actors chosen forTwilight's coveted roles, I was still hopeful and trusting that thisfilm would blast the competition out of the water. Although I didn'texpect the movie to surpass the quality of the books, I was still everhopeful that I would be entertained. Unfortunately, however, as Iwatched the film I grew more and more confused. First, where was themeadow scene? This was the most important part of the first book and itwas chopped to pieces via a random walk (or romp) through the forestbehind Forks High School whereby Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinsonawkwardly exchanged even choppier dialogue. This brings me to my secondpoint. The Twilight actors. Why did Rob Pattinson look constipated whenKristen Stewart's character walked into the Biology room? I know he'ssupposed to show pain but not that kind of pain. Also, what was thedeal with Jasper (I can't remember the kid's real name, sorry)? Bella'sscent is only strong to Edward yet when Jasper first sees her he lookslike he's in more pain than Edward. Finally, Kristen Stewart. Why onearth was she flopping around like a fish out of water after beingbitten by James? Yes, I get that she was burning (as was made evidentby the over-acting). The scene reminded me of a couple of kids playingcops and robbers, where one kid pretends to get shot by the bad guy andhe starts jumping around pretending to die. In combination with thisand the ridiculous look on Rob Pattinson's face (looked like a badorgasm), the whole theater was laughing hysterically. I felt horriblyfor these people! What direction were they getting that said, "Yes!That's great!" Finally, the script. Oh the script! If you didn't readthe books you would have no clue as to what was going on. If you didread the books (as most did) you were at least able to follow thegeneral idea. However, in adding random scenes, i.e. the killing spreesof James, Victoria and Laurent, it destroyed the flow of the story! Itwas so incredibly choppy, just jumping randomly from sequence tosequence. I get that Catherine Hardwicke wanted to keep this film trueto the book but just taking lines, word-for-word, from the book andskimping on the actual story line makes for one heck of a disaster.This is just my opinion, of course, but Catherine Hardwicke tried tofilm this movie the same way she filmed Thirteen (p.s. actually a goodmovie) and failed miserably. She proved to be a one hit wonder, atbest. Speaking of Hardwicke, a lot of people have wondered why NickiReed was cast to play Rosalie. EX: Nicki is short and is curvier whileRosalie is described as tall and slender. I'm not saying that NickiReed is not a good actress or a beautiful girl because she is but shevery simply did not fit this part at all. The sad part is that I thinkthe actors in this movie are actually quite talented, however, intaking into consideration the poor direction given, the rush on gettingthis film finished before Harry Potter and the choppiness of the scriptthese poor individuals didn't have an opportunity to make a qualityfilm. I really hope that Summit pulls what Warner Brothers did afterthe first Harry Potter and can the director (WB did this after thefirst HP film). This film had the potential of being the best movie ofthe year (not based on box office numbers which, by the way, most ofthe tickets were purchased based off of the popularity of the books notthe trailers) in quality, but it failed miserably. On a lighter note, Ido think that Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson were excellent choicesfor Bella and Edward. They, unlike the movie, have the potential to bebig players in the Hollywood arena. I truly look forward to seeing whatthey do next and I am hopeful that action will be taken to ensure amuch better New Moon and Eclipse (Breaking Dawn has not yet been signedon to be made into a film). All in all, this film left much to bedesired but not in the same way as the books. Very disappointing.