That was my interpretation of this weekend that I had to endure workingat my movie theater, all these little hormone crazed brace wearingunder developed young girls who I think would've just about died withthe anticipation of seeing Twilight, I'm not kidding, I personallywitnessed a twelve year old say that she wanted to have RobertPattinson's baby. OK, so how I saw the movie, my sister, ironically myolder sister has been just raving about the Twilight series with herfriends and told me that I have to read these books, after weeks ofbugging me with it, I finally broke down and read them. Actually it'skind of a fun series, it reminded me of the same love that I had forthe TV series Buffy the vampire Slayer when I was a young teen. But ofcourse she has to take me to the midnight premiere with 100,000 crazedfans who were knocking each other down and crawling all over each otherjust to see a movie.Bella Swan has always been a little bit different, never caring aboutfitting in with the trendy girls at her Phoenix high school. When hermother remarries and sends Bella to live with her father in the rainylittle town of Forks, Washington, she doesn't expect much of anythingto change. Then she meets the mysterious and beautiful Edward Cullen.Intelligent and witty, he sees straight into her soul. Soon, Bella andEdward are swept up in a passionate and decidedly unorthodox romance.Edward can run faster than a mountain lion, he can stop a moving carwith his bare hands - and he hasn't aged since 1918. Like all vampires,he's immortal. But he doesn't have fangs, and he doesn't drink humanblood.So, my opinion about Twilight the movie... honestly, it's average, it'smy junior high romance with a vampire. I hate, beyond hate to say this,I'm a hypocrite for saying this, but because I read the book before Isaw the movie, I had this completely different interpretation of whatthe characters look like and how they say certain lines. Twilight themovie made me laugh more than anything simply because of the actors,Robert and Kristen are not bad actors, but the way they talked, I justcouldn't take their "love" seriously. Peter Facinelli who playedCarlisle Cullen, Edward's father, was exactly how I pictured and pulledin the best performance of the film. Is it worth the watch, absolutelyif you're a fan of the books, otherwise, I would say if you just wannasee this movie, I recommend the matinée price because honestly, I thinkI may have lost my hearing after this weekend of the none stop screamsfrom crazed teens.5/10