Before I begin, let me just say that I haven't read the book, so I'mnot some die-hard Twilight fan or anything. In fact I hadn't even heardof either the book or the movie until a couple of months ago when mycousin (who had been reading the entire series) showed me her books andtalked to me about it. She even said that there was a movie for thefirst book that was going to be released in a couple of months time. Iremained uninterested, and I still lacked the enthusiasm to actuallywant to watch this movie in the first place, despite all of the frenzyover it, particularly with my female friends who, at the moment, havegone absolutely gaga over the male lead, Robert Pattinson (who playsthe role of Edward).It was only two days ago, when a good friend of mine who I hadn't seensince June (because I moved to another school), asked me if I wanted togo to the cinema with him to watch Twilight. There really wasn'tanything else on that could have been better, so I just thought "whatthe heck, might as well give it a shot". And so I did.This friend of mine is not really the kind of person to be watchingmovies like Twilight. Indeed, he is more of an action/superhero filmtype person, and so I don't think he liked the film that much (at theend I noticed an iPod earphone in his ear - need I say more?). Even nowI'm still quite surprised that he even suggested watching Twilight inthe first place.I, on the other hand, consider myself more open to different filmtypes, and I enjoy a little bit of almost everything, Twilight being noexception.The choice of actors was simply a job well done; all of them fit intotheir roles perfectly. Pattinson, with his amazing, masculine goodlooks and pale skin, fits perfectly into role of the"both-warm-and-cold" vampire that is Edward Cullens. What I mean by"both-warm-and-cold" is that despite his cold looks and temperaments,he is an extremely likable character and his somewhat hopelessromanticism takes over slightly without tarnishing his vampire image. Ihonestly couldn't think of anyone else who could suit Edward's rolebetter than Pattinson. Needless to say, he also makes really good eyecandy.The choice of Kristen Stewart as Bella is also very noteworthy, as shealso manages to fit her role as a pale, very reserved young womanreally well. Bravo to her too.Just - bravo to both of them. Never have I seen such chemistry in afilm. They are just such an item, and it's easy to see how much in lovethe two characters are thanks to these two wonderful actors.I felt that the film was filmed really well, too. I particularly lovehow every second of the film in Forks (the main setting of the movie)looks so cold and grim, and it kind of adds to the whole bleakness ofit all.All of this, however, does not mean that Twilight doesn't have it'sflaws. In the first half of the movie, despite it starting of well, itreally seemed to have dragged on quite a bit and it wasn't until thesecond half that things started to get really engaging and interesting,and even exciting. Unfortunately I still don't quite understand one ortwo elements of the plot as much as I would have wanted to, soobviously that's a major flaw too.On a more minor note, the special effects could have been a littlebetter, particularly with the whole "speedy vampire" business, whichlooked somewhat unrealistic, but despite it being unrealistic in thefirst place anyway, the special FX people could have made it seem morereal than it actually did.Nevertheless, the above criticisms do not change the fact that it isdefinitely a watchable movie. It's not perfect, and it definitely couldhave been, but I guess at least it's kind of gotten me interested inreading the book, now. After watching that film, now I want to read thebook so that I can finally understand those things that I didn't. In away, my criticism of that may be considered a bit of an irony, but itis still no excuse to make the plot incomprehensible. Like I said, thefilm could have been much better.