To preface this review, I read all four Twilight books in one weekend(last weekend, actually) when I picked the first one up at the airport,and could not put it down. I zipped through the other three and went tothe midnight screening on opening day. To say the least, I wascaptivated by Twilight (and I'm in my 20s...).I was anxious to see the movie because, like so many other people, Ifelt really invested in Bella and Edward's story. Not only that, but Ilove the vampire premise - it just never gets old, especially when youput a new spin on it, as Meyer did in her books. The events of eachbook really ran together for me, so in a way, I felt like anon-Twilighter coming into this film. I really didn't care if the moviedeviated from the book - in fact, I was kind of hoping it would, sinceyou can't expect a book to translate directly to the screen. I heard alot of serious Twilight teens complaining about "major things" missingwhen I left the theater, but I honestly didn't notice any majoromissions.Overall, the film was better than I expected (based on previews, Iexpected it to be extremely cheesy, low-budget, and awkwardly filmed).It definitely grew on me as it went on, especially Pattinson'sperformance. His introduction was extremely awkward - not sure if thatwas Hardwicke's fault or Pattinson's acting. In any case, as soon as hesettled into his character, he was absolutely captivating. Stewartplays a great brooder, and she certainly did that here. I loved thescenes with her father; in my opinion, these were some of the gems ofthe movie.The romance between Edward and Bella, which was obviously the crux ofthe film, was fueled by their chemistry, but not much else. Where wasthe development?! I really wish Hardwicke or the screenwriter orsomebody had taken more time to delve into the roots of theirrelationship. It all just happened way too fast. I feel like thishappened because of the James story, which to me was almost completelyunnecessary (yeah, I know, it's a big part of the book and obviouslyneeds to be here). But even so, the film would have been a more movingromance, and probably a more poignant, emotional film, if that cheesy,goofy subplot hadn't existed.Hardwicke dealt exceptionally well with teen angst, which was evidentin the high school shots. Unfortunately, she really struggled with thevampire side of things. I have to put most of the blame on the directorbecause the characters were all spot-on, very well-acted and well-cast.I also think a higher budget would have done wonders for this movie,and I'm hoping that becomes a reality for the sequel. The specialeffects were embarrassingly bad, and nearly ruined the movie.Overall, I enjoyed "Twilight" for what it was - a romance that probedthe timeless dilemma of wanting what you can't have (and despiteMeyer's Mormon beliefs, this whole series is basically a metaphor forsex). It makes for an interesting, compelling story, and I expect morefrom the sequels, because the potential is certainly there.