I first began with the book series due to the comparisons made to HarryPotter, and though not pressed by a desperate urge to continue readingthe Twilight series, to say I felt disconnected from the overall storywould be a lie. Sure, it is guilty of making me cringe at times, butthe conflict, tensions, building toward climax, character development,all the components essential into making a story work, are there, andthey are believable. The movie on the other hand did not succeed inthese categories, and pretty much left me cringing all the waythroughout. And I think it comes back to the fundamental: believing inthese characters, in this so-called life changing love between Bellaand Edward. That's the core. That's at the helm of this story, if youbelieve in that, then every subsequent development caused will makesense, or at the very least, it will possess some truth. The writer and director failed in making the romance between the twoleads believable; montages that consist of eye gazing and more eyegazing, highly dramatic delivery of dialogue, pointed glances andlonging looks that bordered on the line of soap opera - it doesn'treally aid the purpose of the story; cheap and uninventive. If notre-worked in building upon the romance, then perhaps the screen timecould have been better spent other ways, the "animal" attacks onlocals' springs to mind; the subplot inclusive to the trackers couldhave used more development, and that's just to name ONE. Generally, the casting was okay. Kristin Stewart and Pattinson emit apalpable chemistry and everyone else looked their part, whether theyplayed it adequately though is something else. I like Kristin's actingstyle; she'll bring herself to every role she plays, but as Bella itjust didn't work, perhaps that boils down to the direction though.Pattinson's Edward is overly dramatic, combine that with theear-plugging-inducing-dialogue, and I almost forgot that I was at thecinema's occupying a $14 seat, than with my friends, gratuitouslysporting daytime soap. I've only read twilight once, but from my recollection, it appears thefilm remains very true in regards to order of events and the eventsthemselves, everything is there, apart from the actual tone/spirit ofthe book. Whoops. Remaining faithful to an author's original piece and making it workcinematically is not an easy feat, usually something's gotta give forit to work, otherwise you end up with this unbelievably cheesy(I-can't-watch-it's-so-cheesy) romance used in your comparative filmessay titled "Do's and Don'ts in adaptations" Not all is lost though, the Harry Potter franchise had a weak kick off;employing a new direction and adaptation of original content, and whoknows, maybe New Moon won't be so bad.