Let me start out by saying I only read the first book to see what thehype was about, and that was after being dragged into watching thismovie by my "friends." I slept through most parts, but I stayed awakefor some parts to know the story, and I found myself confused andfrustrated (vampires SPARKLING, Bella's constant bitching on her"horrible" life, etc). I decided I would read the book to clear thingsup. Apparently, now that I look at it, the MOVIE was better thanStephenie Meyer's excuse for literature.I'll admit, the baseball scene in the movie was cool, and I thoughtJames was pretty hot. Not Edward, James. The evil one that tried to dothe world a favor and get rid of Bella Swan. What a corny name for suchan uninteresting girl. I have nothing against the actors (Rob Pattinsonwas good in Harry Potter, and Kristen Stewart is also better than shewas in this movie). But I am more against the books than the movie,mainly because you can only work with what you're given.I'm sure most of you have read the story, so here are my comments.Bella Swan is an annoying, lame-ass bitch who cannot stand up forherself and is never appreciative of anyone but Edward. SMeyer deemsthe book is about choice, but Edward comes off as a creepy stalker whotells her where to go, what to say, who to hang out with, and neverlets her drive her own truck. Bella is probably what the author waslike as a teen, minus 200 pounds, except she herself never had aboyfriend.The author makes herself look like an ignorant 13 year old because shehas never read any vampire stories, and I heard about a hissy fit shehad when people found out about her 5th book, and that's she's notgoing to continue it. Rob Pattinson even said so himself that he hatesthe series and is only in it for the money. Maybe it's not all bad, butI don't see myself continuing the series, and I won't go along into acrappy sequel just to keep friends.Feminism is not put into this book at all, and vampires aren't totallyinvincible. Besides being torn and burned, the SHOULD die by sunlight,a stake through the heart, and garlic. Apparently, in WannabePseudo-Goth World, a vampire sparkles in the sun, does not sleep, livesin an open, exposed glass house, is vegetarian if it eats animals, andknocks up human girls. Yeah, I know they get to sex later in the story.Apparently, she has to marry him first, then drop out, then nearly diehaving a demon child.Ahh, what a great role model for girls. Kudos Stephenie Meyer. Not onlydid you make a fortune publishing your sick sexual fantasies for younggirls to read, but you also drained the IQ of many rabid fans. I am afeminist, and the girl doesn't always have to be tough, but at leastgiver her a personality.450 pages of pointless romance, 15 pages of meaningless preparationwith his phony vampire family, less than 10 pages of a decent fight,and 40 pages of prom...I can see why you're as "anti-human" as youstated, SMeyer. You've killed literature and drained the minds of youngpeople, and you create fans that hurt people for hating the books.When will the madness end?