There is no point in pretending it ? I'm a man in his thirties and I'mnot target audience for this film. So the fact that I rented it is justa "bonus" few pounds in the pockets of the makers since they clearlyweren't aiming this film at me. Who they were aiming it at appears tohave been the army of teenage girls who have been reading the Twilightbooks religiously ? again. I'd never even heard of the books so this isreally something off my cultural radar. Regardless I decided to givethe film a try without really knowing the plot or what it was meant tobe. What I found was the first part in a longer story about a humanteenager who moves back to her small town and falls for a boy who turnsout to be one of a group of teenage vampires who feed off the blood ofanimals rather than people.I have no problems with the teenage aspect of the story but somehow itreally failed to engage me as it was not only too superficial butdidn't even really do that particularly well. The film plays like ithas been written around events without a great deal of depth,complexity or characterisation in it, which is a surprise consideringthe fertile ground the world of teenage love and acceptance is. Sadlyit comes off all too bland and obvious for my tastes and I rarely couldbring myself to care about what was going on. The direction is a bittoo serious at times but it also lacks passion and the breathlessnessthat the material suggests it must have once had if it did captivate ateenage audience. Of course I could be just missing the point becauseperhaps the cast are a big part of it working and this is lost on me.Certainly the appeal of much of the cast is lost on me totally. Stewarthas something about her but cannot translate it into somethingmeaningful here, leaving her character feeling a bit one-dimensional.However compared to Pattinson she looks like one of the finestactresses of her generation because he is about as dull and vapid as hecould have been without trying. OK maybe his immortal, unsleepingcharacter has to have something weirdly "dead" about him but thisshould not be a detrimental part of his performance as it is here. Ishan't bother to list those below them because nobody really capturedmy interest in terms of their characters or performances.Twilight is not a bad film, it is just a very bland one that lackspassion, heart or excitement. Maybe the target audience will stronglydisagree (I'd be shocked if they did not) but having watched this formyself I fail to see what not only the fuss is about ? but why anyonewould really consider this to be a good film.