Attempting to adapt a literary classic like F. Scott Fitzgerald's "TheGreat Gatsby" to the screen is always a tricky proposition. Just askthe makers of the 1974 version who got their rear ends handed to themfor their efforts - by both critics and audiences alike. The risk, ofcourse, is that devotees of the work will balk at any attempt to expandor modernize it beyond what is contained on the printed page. Afterall, great works of literature exist primarily in the individual'simagination, and the way one reader envisions a particular scene orcharacter is likely NOT how another reader - or filmmaker - sees them.The result is that literary adaptations all too often turn into stuffyaffairs, with movie makers taking the safest possible approach to thematerial in an attempt not to offend anyone while still trying to makethe piece work in an entirely different medium.All of this is prelude to saying that when it comes to Baz Luhrmann'sadaptation of "The Great Gatsby," regardless of how one feels about thefinal product, one has to at least admire the chutzpah of the effort.(His trumped-up modernized version of "Romeo and Juliet" similarlydivided audiences in the 1990s).A high school English class staple if ever there was one, the highlyprescient "Gatsby," published in 1925, is often considered to be THEarchetypal novel of the Roaring '20s, focused on the party-likedecadence, conspicuous consumption and spiritual emptiness of a decadesandwiched between a Great War on one end and a Great Depression on theother. At the center of the piece stands Jay Gatsby himself, theself-made millionaire who achieves the American Dream through acombination of dreamy-eyed determination and corrupt opportunism (withmuch of his wealth gleaned through bootlegging and gangsterism). Yet,for all the wealth and material possessions he's managed to accrue forhimself, Gatsby (Leonardo Di Caprio) can never find true happinessuntil he re-connects with the girl of his dreams, Daisy Buchanan (CareyMulligan), an alluring Southern-belle he fell in love with while stilla penniless officer in the army. In the five years since their lastencounter, Daisy, who is willing to go a certain distance with afantasy romance until the going gets too tough for her, has gone on tomarry the brutish womanizer Tom Buchanan (Joel Edgerton). Gatsby, inthat same period, has bought a mansion across the bay from Daisy'shouse, hoping against hope that she will one day wander into one of hisparties and that they will be able to rekindle their love as if nothinghad happened in the interim. It is to this end that he befriends hisnext door neighbor, Nick Carraway (Tobey Maguire), a naïve bondsmanfrom the Midwest, who's moved to New York to make his fortune on WallStreet and who also happens to be Daisy's cousin. It is Nick whonarrates the tale (in this version from a sanitarium after suffering amental breakdown from the trauma of the events he's witnessed),claiming to be an objective observer of what's going on around him, butin reality casting moral judgments on the people he encounters allalong the way.It's easy to understand why the filmmaker was drawn to the material inthe first place. With its wild parties and overall air of carefreeabandon, the era practically screams out for the Baz Luhrmanntreatment. But does the novel? I'm not so sure. The problem is that"The Great Gatsby" is about so much more than just unrestrainedpartying, and the director (along with his co-writer Craig Rearce)often seems oblivious to that fact. Luhrmann typically drenches hisfilm in all sorts of visual razzmatazz, but the result is that themovie is so over-stylized that the characters are all too often reducedto caricatures and the whole thing to the level of a cartoon. Theparties themselves become out-of-control orgies as seen through thelens of Simon Duggan's hurdy-gurdy, hyper-kinetic camera. Meanwhilemost of Fitzgerald's nuance and subtlety are wiped away in thephantasmagoria. A case in point is the first appearance of Gatsby inthe story. In the novel he literally sneaks up on Nick - and us - asjust another anonymous and inconspicuous party guest who engages Nickin conversation. In the movie, his entrance is greeted with a literaldisplay of pyrotechnics. The stylization extends to the décor as well,which often reflects "Alice in Wonderland" more than 1920s Long Island.Nick looks like he lives in an enchanted forest attached to Gatsby'smansion, which has more turrets than Blahousie Castle and manicuredgrounds that would put the Palace of Versaille to shame.Viewed another way, however, Luhrmann's approach seems to make acertain amount of sense. The grandiose, over-the-top theatricality, andstiff, yet, at the same time, over-emotive acting are aptly reflectiveof the silent movies of that era. It's hard to actually evaluate theperformances since the actors have clearly been instructed to ham it upas much as possible (especially Edgerton). At times, they come acrossas little kids engaged in dress-up and playacting. But in the contextof this particular film, is that necessarily a bad thing? (I will saythat Robert Redford cut a more impressive figure as Gatsby than DiCaprio does here).And there's one other thing that can be added to the movie's wincolumn: its overall manic energy, which seems a direct attempt to avoidat all costs replicating the mistakes of the heavy, inert 1974 version.Luhrmann knows that he is treading on sacred ground here and he clearlydoesn't care. He's going to give us "The Great Gatsby" as HE envisionsit and to hell with the rest of us. In this age of artistic timidityand over-cautious commercial calculation, that attitude turns out to beboth admirable and refreshing when you come to think of it.