Baz Luhrmann's "The Great Gatsby," is fairly accurate to the classicnovel and keeps most of its themes intact. However, Luhrmann's ownflair adds a new dimension to the story. Visually this film isincredibly stunning. From grand sets to the detailed period dresses,this film is a treat for the eyes. Never once does it not take yourbreath away from its impressive scenery. Many people might be worriedabout the updated music, but there is nothing to fear. Jay-Z's trackworks incredible well with the film and complements the era in which itis set.The direction in this film is impeccable. The cinematography ismarvelous and really lets the viewer absorb the sheer artistry that hasgone into making this film. Luhrmann keeps a high level of energythroughout the film and the party sequences are choreographed andedited in a way that it makes you feel envious of not being apart ofit. Editing in the film is seamless and really keeps the viewerengaged. A common criticism the film receives is that it is more stylethan substance, however, I must disagree. This modern interpretationdoesn't forget its themes and morals from the classic F. ScottFitzgerald tale.Performances are phenomenal by the entire cast. Carey Mulligan's Daisyis every bit as careless as one would expect, but she also manages toshow some complexity in her role. Tobey Maguire is a great avatar forus to take on as we enter this film. He is very much the viewer as hesees everything happening, but is ultimately helpless to changeanything. The true standouts in the film are Joel Edgerton and LeonardoDiCaprio. Edgerton as Tom Buchanan brings a lot of personality to hischaracter that I thought was absent in the book. He's a bit more tenderand more vulnerable, especially when he finds out his wife's secret.The true award recognition worthy performance comes from DiCaprio'sGatsby. He hones on being a respectable, but idealistically insane man.His performance is not only compelling, but also charming and quithopeful. He truly deserves some recognition come Oscar season.Overall, "The Great Gatsby" is a fantastically entertaining andenthralling film. It is horribly underrated as it is filled with awardsworthy visuals, sets, costumes, direction, and performances. It is agreat time at the movies for anyone that enjoys the classic novel orwho haven't even heard of it. Not only is this film dramaticallysatisfying, but also quite humorous and a spectacle like no other. Igive it 4.5/5, a great adaptation of one of the greatest novels everwritten.