(Not sure if spoiler, don't think so, but do not want to get banned)First of all, although I love DiCaprio, he was not the best to playGastby. He didn't capture what Gastby was really all about. DiCapriosensationalized Gatsby more than necessary and it took away from themovie as a whole. Tobey Maguire was a perfect Nick. I must giveLuhrmann that. Maguire captured all the right facial expressions, allthe uncertainty and hesitance that Nick has. Mulligan was an okaychoice. She grasped the fake innocence well-enough, but something wasstill not right about her. Debicki was an awful choice for Jordan.Jordan is a very important character in the book, she symbolizes howthe old eggers also cheat and Luhrmann didn't even go over that. Shewas just there and Debicki didn't do very well playing a stuck-upwoman. The biggest problem I have with this movie is it seemed toofake. It's hard to explain. But, when watching a movie, you should beable to delve into it, but, there are points in the movie when even theback drop was fake and it took away from the story. Also, we aresuppose to feel sorry for Gatsby at the end, not Daisy. Daisy is thebad guy and Luhrmann didn't get that. At the end, he rushed through themain theme of carelessness and greed of the Buchanans that have.Instead, he makes Gatsby seem like the bad person. Luhrmann gets theidea of God watching and the Green Light very well. Wait, no, there wasno mystery to what it meant. He told you. Everything was put out there,nothing to make you think. But, another thing Luhrmann failed to showwas the importance of the owl-eye man. The owl- eye man has a veryimportant role because he is the only one who sees through Gatsby'sparties. But, yet he is the only one who shows up in the end. Luhrmannmissed his importance. Lastly, the costumes, the scene was great. Itlooked just as we imagine the roaring 20s. We see the alcohol, thespeakeasies, the flappers, everything we imagine 20s are, we get.Except, for the music. The music is contemporary jazz, not 20s jazz.Not the same. So, do not watch this movie for a book report.