There comes a time in a director's career when he or she may face oneof the seemingly impossible cinematic feats: to make the movie betterthan the book.Director Baz Luhrmann accepted this challenge when he signed on todirect a new theatrical take of "The Great Gatsby." F. ScottFitzgerald's novel is considered an American literary classic, a staplein high school English courses. To tamper with greatness could spelldisaster for the film and disappoint fans. With this in mind, Luhrmanntook the details that made the novel so successful and generouslyapplied them to his film.The result? Beautiful visuals, awkward editing and overblown symbolism.The adaptation is narrated by Nick Carraway (Tobey Maguire), whorecounts his adventures on Long Island to a doctor while at asanatorium. Using word-for-word passages from the novel, Carrawaydescribes his move to New York to try his hand in the bond business.There, he reconnects with his cousin, Daisy Buchanan (Carey Mulligan)and learns his next-door neighbor is none other than Jay Gatsby(Leonardo DiCaprio), the secretive millionaire known for his lavishparties and fantastical reputation. Little does Carraway know thatGatsby acts this way in hopes of winning back Daisy's love despite fiveyears of separation and her marriage to another man.Hoping to live up to its hype, the movie tries to be as fantastic andflawless as Gatsby himself. Servants open doors and move about thehouse like choreographed dancers. The grand landscapes of New York Cityand Gatsby's estate look pristine. And the parties are a flapper'sdream, with the vibrant outfits and music for dancing (although theoccasional rap songs seemed a bit out of place).Unfortunately, the flawlessness stops with the visuals. Reminiscent of"Moulin Rouge," Luhrmann's excessive cuts put cinematic emphasis in allthe wrong places. The opening scenes fly by with exaggerated zoomingand cutaways that disturb the flow of the script. Yet during theclimactic standoff between Gatsby and Daisy's husband, the camera comesto a virtual standstill. Without the dialogue, it would appear nodifferent from any other scene.The film was also keen to draw on, and overemphasize, some of thenovel's best traits. Carraway speaks Fitzgerald's words like poetry,which fans of the book will appreciate. Yet seeing them additionallywritten on the screen is distracting and unnecessary, no matter howartistic the font is. Likewise, the symbolisms that added such value tothe novel do not translate as well on screen. We can only see the greenlight so many times before its significance starts to fade. Luckily, the lead performances keep the plot comprehensible even whenthe camera is having a spaz attack. Few (if any) actors would be bettersuited as the suave, slightly obsessed Gatsby than DiCaprio. He andMaguire enliven the unlikely relationship between Gatsby and Carrawaywith their occasional comic relief and intimate conversations. Mulliganalso gives a strong portrayal of Daisy and her struggle to choosebetween Gatsby and her husband.There is potential for the film to be marginally close to par with thenovel. Unfortunately, it gets lost in the pomp of Luhrmann's chaoticediting, which proves what literary purists have been saying all along:Only the book can put the "great" in "The Great Gatsby."Stars: *** ½ (out of 5)Read more: http://www.973radionow.com