The Great Gatsby is based on the film in the 70s of the same name and anovel, which was mediocre to begin with so there was no reason to behighly invested in this movie. But since time has passed since the lastfilm you expect them to learn from their mistakes and make a bettermovie overall. Plus I am always eager to see a Leonardo DiCaprio film, he in my honestopinion is a thrill to watch and always puts on fantastic performances.Since he was the front and center of the Great Gatsby, I was highlyanticipated to watch this movie. But unfortunately I was let down, notby his performance but the overall movie. Leonardo actually does the best he can and plays his character well,the movie overall however is not laid out well at all in my opinion.Leon will grasp your attention and make you pay attention the scenes heis in. Toby Maguire on the other hand was OK as the narrator of theplot but he was not doing anything astounding, I actually liked him inhis role in Sam Raimi's Spiderman series, but Toby as the narrator heredid not do anything special. The rest of the cast was fine, CareyMulligan was OK, I actually really liked Joel Edgerton character in aantagonistic sort of way unfortunately his role was not extended hemight have uplifted this movie with his good performance.The setting was captured well they showed how the rich people back thenlived their life. It is one of the positives of this movie.The movie starts out SO slow, and it is not until 30-40 mins that yousee Leo and then things SLIGHTLY pick up from there but even after thatthe whole movie feels cliché and the plot/narrative still doesn'tinterest me much, it is a love story, of a how far a man would go for awoman, touching for some, but I was not really astounded by it, mainlybecause the movie has too many songs in between scenes and those songsare not really good and only distract the viewer on the narrative, theyjust seem filler and go on too long. What was the point of that? To addmore extra time to the movie? To drag out the plot which could havebeen told better in half the time?Gatsby's back-story and the mystery behind him was something i wasinterested in knowing and was invested in but they took SO long toreveal it that by that time I did not care.The Great Gatsby just like the novel is a mediocre affair, if they hadtweaked things in the novel to make for better cinema I would have beenall for it, plus reducing the number of unnecessary dance and partycould have helped the narrative a lot and would have uplifted thismovie. Unfortunately what we get is a long slow and mostly boring filmwhich is just a mediocre affair and hard to watch. Overall Rating: 5/10.