For all I've hardly read the Deadpool comics I did initially find thepremise of a movie based on the anti-hero quite interesting with hiswise cracking jibes and sarcastic humour. I thought that it could havedelivered a fresh take on the well-established Marvel CinematicUniverse (MCU) films of "the good guys vs. the bad guys", perhapssomething a bit more daring and mature but still in keeping with thetheme of its predecessors. Oh how I was wrong. Enter Deadpool, the mostoverrated and pointless MCU film currently out there.It all seemed to start fairly well with more mature humour and somegory violence with a bit of foul language thrown in, everything Iexpected Deadpool to be. Slowly, however, the jokes became so similarto the point that they seemed to just give three decent ones at thestart and then recycled them. This continued to the point that itbecame annoyingly predictable and for jokes that weren't greatly funnyin the first place, I was becoming extremely bored by the end,especially when other people at the Cinema were laughing so hard at thesame crude vulgar stuff over and over again. Don't get me wrong I'm noprude, but I don't think I laughed again after the first quarter of thefilm.SPOILERS BELOW: So the film is basically about Deadpool getting revengeagainst the villain Ajax for disfiguring him completely during anexperiment to make super soldiers. The experiment, however, has giftedDeadpool with accelerated healing factor allowing him to regrow limbsand mend wounds within a matter of hours practically making himinvulnerable. That's my second problem with this film. Why did thewriters decide to pitch an almost unbeatable protagonist against Ajax,a second rate villain who's powers basically include enhanced strengthand speed combined with an inability to feel pain, which fair enoughwould give him an advantage when fighting normal people but againstother super humans he pales in comparison. So, what happens when aninvincible Deadpool fights a very mortal Ajax? You guessed it, Deadpoolwins! That's why the plot is so predictable. Yes I understand its acomic book film and the protagonist always wins but why not pitch himagainst an actual threat? The MCU has thus far provided good matchesfor our heroes such as Captain America vs. Red Skull or Hulk vs.Abomination. Having Deadpool vs. Ajax was as expected a result asSuperman vs. Robin, giving it no sense of danger or excitement.This combined with the typical boy meets girl "oh wait I'm disfiguredso she can never love me again" relationship which is...you guessed it;rekindled at the end, along with the seemingly stuck on X-Men only addsto how terrible the film is.Well, that's basically all there is to this steaming pile that is themovie Deadpool. Its only redeeming quality I thought were the actionscenes, though again they were dulled by the included jokes.So, if you're someone who enjoys crude immature humour and apredictable plot then you'll enjoy Deadpool. If you like suspense, goodjokes and a strong well written story, then avoid this at all costs.