After watching Deadpool, being a comic lover, I thought that thedramatization and personal life of 'dead pool' wade Wilson was overlyexaggerated, to the point of making the character simply dumb. Thecharacter Jubilee and Colussus were accurate portrayals to their comiccounter-part, however Deadpool was overly talkative and lost hisfurious approach to all-things decadent. I was honestly expecting hisvoice to be charred and more cruel (less happy). I mean isn't that whythere's a yellow bubble around the character's voice in the comics?Although Ryan Reynolds joked around and played the part well, even ifthe director missed some actual personifications, I would have maybeused a less personalized script. To me Deadpool is a new York streethobo, whom was slightly borrowed from Deathstroke the Terminator,Rorschach from watchmen and maybe IDK spider-man in personality and inthis regard Rob Liefield is a genius. However, the movie itself wasdrab and made me think of deadpool as some loser whom gets a quick-richscheme if you know what I mean. Not because of the actors themselvesbut because of the directing to please Rob Liefield...the jeanscommercial guy..loll. No really he's been in comics since the early90s, so he knows what characters work, and what characters don't. Thismovie was another Spawn IMHO. It was just a movie with a crazy budget.I would in fact like to see more of the third party characters thendeadpool during the escapade. The Matrix style effects though, works,and I wouldn't know it from a movie made in the late 90s. Another minormiss would be the mask not doing the Lobo's fetal's giz gesturesyndrome, idk a big eye and a small eye...No kids we won't be seeing asequel. For reasons unknown, Deadpool needs a plot, without the loveand romance. I would like him to be more carefree? Chris Pratt couldplay deadpool more effectively like idk Daniel Day-Lewis. Then, if youcould use some sort of Sin city like transition to comics in the scenesthat would be too cool. In the end though, Deadpool was just too tame.