I'm happy to see the scores for this movie be so high because, frankly,this had the makings of being a movie that people just wouldn't "get."I have to say that, while I'm not surprised it was successful, therecords "Deadpool" broke in its opening weekend have absolutely stunnedme. One, it's a rated R movie. That alone should have tamed anyexpectations. Two, it made more money in its opening weekend than "Manof Steel," Batman Beyond," any "X- Men" movie, "Iron Man," "CaptainAmerica: First Avenger," "Spider-Man," "The Incredible Hulk," and even"X-Men Origins: Wolverine," the disaster of a movie that had thecompletely wrong first incarnation of Deadpool. From a comic book fanperspective, this movie represents a complete change in generations. Iwas a huge Avengers fan and stopped collecting in the late 80s. When Iwas a collector, artists were becoming the big reason to like comics.Frank Miller, John Byrne, etc. When Todd McFarlane, Jim Lee and RobLiefeld came onto the scene as I was leaving the hobby, I missed out onthe whole multiple-covers, poly-bagged, trading card,overly-collector-driven disaster of comics that exploded with the X-Menreboot, X-Force, Deadpool introduction, etc. Over the years as Idabbled back and forth into the hobby, I read about Deadpool, Cable,X-Force, etc. and found it intriguing, but once the artists mentionedabove moved on to create Image Comics, and Rob Liefeld, the douchebagcreator of Deadpool, began his series of back and forth love/hatesituations with fans, his colleagues, his stupid Spike Lee Levis 501jeans commercials, etc., I could tell that I had little interest ininvesting myself in this idiot's work. His artwork was unique and Inever quite understood it, but I was never as critical of it as manypeople are. The Internet has volumes of hate for this guy. If youregularly read his Twitter feed too, it's clear this idiot has neverlearned his lesson. He's a moron of the highest order. Despite Rob'sstrong denial, Deadpool is, in fact, a blatant rip-off, structurally,of DC's Deathstroke with a dab of Spider-Man. Deathstroke's real nameis Slade Wilson. Deadpool's is Wade Wilson. The costume is designedsimilarly with pouches, swords and guns. Sure the personalities arecompletely different, but I attribute that to Fabien Nicieza andsubsequent writers like Gail Simone. The appeal of Deadpool has alwaysbeen his 4th-wall interaction with readers, his insane anti-heroantics, his vulgar humor, etc., all completely different comics thanthe ones I collected. While I appreciated the jolt that gave to theindustry, which was getting kind of stale, I believe it single-handedlykilled kid interest in the genre. It became an industry for adults,which has an ever-diminishing audience. Look at the sales numbers todayand the past 20 years, and that is very clear. Liefeld's era ruinedcomics. That being said, for everything Deadpool isn't in terms of hislook (which is Liefeld's fault), he is very unique in personality andcharacter development. The brilliant writers over the past 20 yearshave built upon that initial insanity and kept him relevant. Frankly,it's overdue that he had a film, especially since Spawn had a movie inthe late 90s. However, it's good that Fox waited. It's even better thatthey yielded to how horrible of a depiction they did in "X-Men Origins:Wolverine" and allowed Ryan Reynolds and the brilliant writing team inthis film to go full Deadpool, no questions asked, no limits, nothing.The brilliance of Deadpool IS the writing (sorry, Rob). There is not abetter way to have made a Deadpool movie than this film. Ryan ReynoldsIS Deadpool. He was born to play him. Physique, humor, age, everything.His love of the character and his commitment to get this movie made wasredeemed with this massive opening weekend. The movie never falls intoa boring state. It's consistently funny. It's action-packed. It's gotthe perfect immersion in the X-Men world. It sets up perfectly for asequel that will obviously include Cable and, hopefully, lead to anX-Force movie. It is the breath of fresh air that the X-Men franchiseneeded, especially after we see what appears to be an awful translationof the Apocalypse storyline. Just like in the comics, Deadpool istaking the movies to a vulgar, more sophomoric version of the statusquo. People believed it was a breath of fresh air back then, even if itended up ruining the genre. While I believe this was the perfectDeadpool movie that could have ever been made, could seeing movies madefrom this 90s generation of comics also kill off the comic movieindustry as they appeal more to adults? The similaritiesare...ahem...uncanny.