Deadpool is a 2016 film that the eighth film in the X-Men franchisewhere The Merc with the Mouth seeks revenge in a humorous way.Wade Wilson is a mercenary who spends his time in New York Cityprotecting teenage girls from would-be stalkers. He meets escortVanessa Carlysle at a local bar and they become romantically attachedfor nearly a year. He proposes to her one night, then he suddenlycollapses and is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Though she remains byhis side, he fears losing her.One night at the bar that he met Vanessa, he is approached by arecruiter from a secret program. He is offered an experimental cure forhis cancer, but he rebuffs the man and leaves. Desperate to live, hereconsiders and leaves Vanessa in the middle of the night to undergothe procedure. He is injected with a special serum by Francis Freemanand tortured for days by Angel Dust in order to trigger a mutation.After weeks of no success, Wade is strapped into an airtight chamberafter insulting Francis. The drop in oxygen triggers a healing factorthat removes his cancer, but severely disfigures his face and skin inthe process. He escapes from the chamber by blowing it up and attemptsto kill Francis, only stopping when he claims he can cure Wade'sdisfigurement. He is then impaled by rebar and left for dead in thedestruction of the lab.Although he tracks her down, he cannot come to terms with hiscomplexion, and he keeps himself away from Vanessa. Wade moves into thehome of an elderly blind woman named Al, and with the advice of hisbest friend Weasel, he becomes a masked vigilante named "Deadpool", andbegins hunting down Francis and dismantling his organization.Following a string of leads from various syndicates, Deadpool attacks aconvoy of cars on an expressway before getting his hands on Francis,demanding for a cure to his disfigurement. The confrontation issuddenly interrupted by the X-Men Colossus and Negasonic TeenageWarhead, who want him to join the team. Their intervention enablesFrancis to run off, and when Colossus handcuffs himself to Deadpool ontheir way back to the X-Mansion, Deadpool cuts off his own hand andescapes back to his home.The next night, Weasel convinces Deadpool to go back to Vanessa, butwhen they arrive at the strip club she works at, Deadpool discoversthat she has been kidnapped, and Francis and Angel Dust tell him tomeet up with them on a decommissioned aircraft carrier at a scrapyard.Deadpool convinces Colossus and Negasonic to help him, and the triotake a cab to the scrapyard, where Colossus and Negasonic have agrueling battle with Angel Dust while Deadpool slashes through an armyof goons on his way toward Francis. Deadpool and Francis then engage ina bloody hand-to-hand combat before Negasonic uses her power to destroythe aircraft carrier. In the end, Deadpool gains the upper hand in thefight and Francis admits that there is no cure for Wade'sdisfigurement. Although Colossus urges Deadpool to spare Francis and bea true hero, he shoots Francis in the head, finally killing him andavenging himself. Deadpool removes his mask and shows Vanessa his newface. Though she is angry that he left her, she accepts him and theyreconcile by kissing.In a post-credits scene, Deadpool urges the audience to leave and gohome, then announces that there will be a sequel involving Cable.