"Shall I spend much of your time pointing out the degree to whichvisual values influence the contemporary mood of jaded, self-mockingmaterialism, blank indifference, and the delusion that cynicism andnaivete are mutually exclusive?" - David Foster Wallace Sappier than a maple tree at a bukkake party, Tim Miller's "Deadpool"charts the life of Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds), a young man who isdiagnosed with liver, lung and brain cancer. Seeking a cure, Wade isleft permanently disfigured. Not wishing to be rejected by the woman heloves (Morena Baccarin), Wade confines himself to isolation, dons amask, becomes a superhero called Deadpool and uses his spare time tobeat up villains.If teenage stoners directed a rip-off of Sam Raimi's "Darkman", itwould probably look like Miller's "Deadpool". Most of the film'srunning time is dedicated to sexy white dudes fighting, sniffingcrotches, swearing, doing "funny" stuff, trading "clever" wisecracksand hurling incessant non-sequiturs. Sometimes they also takeprosthetic penises up the butt. Like most postmodern art, the film'stone is relentlessly ironic, snarky and by extension nihilistic.Nothing matters other than the moment, and the moment exists only toshort circuit and titillate the most basic expectations of longatrophied nerve-endings. Man punches other man in crotch. Man breakshand. Audience laughs. Repeat.When our heroes aren't hurling one-liners, they're doing slow-motionflips, rocking out to "cool music", shooting people in the head,punching blurry CGI rag-dolls and rescuing women tied-up by evilvillains. None of these sequences are done with style, or have anysense of tension, importance, pacing or weight. All rely on the cutaway- to "random" dialogue or "random" physical acts - to generate affect.This is all presented as being "edgy" and "alternative", a lie whichnot only ignores every other superhero movie (from R rated fare like"Kickass", "Defendor" and "Super", to the wisecracking heroes of"Spiderman" and "Iron Man"), but the entire landscape of postmodernityitself.Most action movies become cheesy, camp and homo-erotic with time. Thisis largely because conventional "masculinity" constantly defines itselfin opposition to a "femininity" it deems to be weak, an act ofopposition which is itself an admittance of weakness and insecurity.And so the conventional action hero is de facto "effeminate". And themore it tries to assert its toughness, the more ridiculous it looks;think the muscle men of 1980s action movies, or how homoerotic mostmartial arts movies look today. In "Deadpool" these insecurities take on schizophrenic dimensions. WadeWilson is sexy and invincible but also impotent and ugly. He'sridiculously hyper-masculinised (even sociopathic), but is constantlycracking homoerotic jokes, having anal sex and salivating over Rent,Wham and the prospect of fondling balls. This has led to some fansclaiming that the character represents "pansexuality", when in reality,like everything Deadpool does, or postmodernity as a whole does, such"jokes" only exist to anticipate and short-circuit sincerity.Deadpool's bro humour mocks "masculinity" to stop you from mocking itfirst. In this way it inscribes a new type of 21st century"masculinity"; open to all contradictions, so long as it still gets tobe the hero."Deadpool" is based on a Marvel Comics character. Like most Marvelfilms, it is strictly irreverence by committee; like watching a Nikesponsored live-stream of six ADD-inflicted kids dissing each other'smothers under a YouTube video walk-through of the sixth level of "Callof Duty 14". It is currently the highest grossing R rated film of alltime. Its sequel is in the works. Perhaps also a prequel. And also aspin-off. It contains a character called Negasonic Teenage Warhead.5/10 - Worth one viewing.