This film reminded me a lot of Little Miss Sunshine, a "dysfunctionalfamily" comedy I also hated. Things that are actually way creepy and/ordisturbing are played for laughs, for example:- a 13-year-old boy stalking and harrasing his 17-year-old babysitter.He is relentless: tells her upfront that he masturbates while thinkingabout her, embarrasses her with public declarations, texts her nonstop,cycles to her house in the middle of the night to leave a bundle offlowers at her door (long after she's begged him to stop)... If he'sold enough to feel an attraction for someone, then he's old enough tounderstand the concept of backing off when it is made clear that theattraction is not mutual (not just that-- the girl tells him repeatedlythat he makes her feel "uncomfortable"-- ignoring someone's feelings isa trademark mainly of guys who veer on, or actually are, abusive- a 17-year-old girl obsessing over a 44-year-old dad (Carrell), to theextent that she overtly disrespects his wife (Moore), who employs heras a babysitter. Her obsession reaches new lows when she snaps nakedpictures of herself with the intent of seducing Carrell. There was nologic to why this character would cheapen herself so absurdly just towin the affections of a nice, but by no means charming or exceptional,family man. Not to mention, if she hates Moore for breaking up themarriage, why is she so keen to further sabotage it by throwing herselfat Carrell?- a 44-year-old dad controlling his 27-year-old daughter's love life,to the point that he disowns her for having a boyfriend whose pastsexual behaviour he disapproves of, even though he himself has recentlyindulged in that exact type of behaviour. What is it with malecharacters in films being so patronising and protective of femalecharacters? Are women in audience meant to find this manly andflattering? Is this the 1950s, where sexual hypocrisy reigns supreme?So it seems in the film.- a 40-something woman (Tomei) who goes to bars on her own to get laidis totally upset when a random dude she goes home with (Carrell)doesn't ever call her. Really? Are we meant to believe the sex was thatgood? Why must the film depict an older woman seeking sex with astranger be so pathetically? Oh, I know-- because only a pathetic womanwould still be single at that age and go to bars seekingno-strings-attached sex. Again-- are we stuck in Pleasantville or what?Other old-fashioned clichés forced upon the viewer include having anindiscriminate playboy (Gosling) fall for a near-virginal girl (Stone),whose purity of heart and earnest innocence no doubt compel him toabandon his reckless, emotionally stunted, promiscuous ways. To addinsult to injury, the near-virginal girl initially fawns over adouchebag in a suit (i.e. the financially secure but boring guy), andis heartbroken when he doesn't propose (girls just always want a ringon their finger, don't ya know).Amidst these pathetic story lines (compounded by some really patheticdialogue), the only saving grace were a few well-timed and refreshinglyfunny jokes, plus Gosling's barely-concealed smirk for having carteblanche to do absolutely no real acting whatsoever. He merely prancesaround in flashy suits and flaunts his pecs.My final quip: for a film about sexual conquests and awakenings, wherewas the chemistry between any of the characters, the steamy innuendos,the sensual vibes, or the actual sex? I would've killed for randomscenes between Gosling and any of the two dozen women he picks upthroughout the film-- or between him and Stone's quirky friend (alsothe token ethnic minority, who conveniently disappears the minute Stoneand Gosling sink into a trite state of happily-ever-after-ness).Or how about a scene with Moore and Bacon, who were far cuter togetherthan Moore and Carrell? There's just not even anything in this filmthat could be considered a payoff. In this sense, it really reminded meof that most disingenuous of romcoms that also has "love" in the titlebut completely denigrates the concept-- yes, the perplexinglymuch-loved turd, Love Actually. Well, Crazy, Stupid Love has joined theranks, congrats!