Crazy,Stupid,Love is an excellent,hilarious,underrated RomanticComedy-Drama that combines solid direction,a wonderful cast,terrificlaughs,a great script and a memorable score. All of those elements makeCrazy,Stupid,Love a fantastic and entertaining Comedy-Drama that isworth the time.Set in Los Angeles,California,Crazy,Stupid,Love tells the story ofCal(Steve Carell),a man who's wife and High School sweetheartEmily(Julianne Moore)wants a divorce. Heartbroken and emotionallyscarred,Cal receives advice from Jacob(Ryan Gosling),a smooth talkingladies man who that not only becomes Cal's friend but also teaches Calto and to pick up woman at the clubs and bars and become a new Cal thatis more confident and self-assured.Most would agree that Romantic Comedies,while successful at the BoxOffice are predictable,sentimental and sappy but every once in a whilethere is a gem or a diamond in the rough to be found in the RomanticComedy genre that stands out from the crowd and gives viewers a freshtake on the genre and one of those gems and diamonds in the rough isCrazy,Stupid,Love,a wonderful,hilarious and truly bittersweet RomanticComedy-Drama that was a Box Office success but was overlooked becausemost people thought is was going to be another Romantic Comedy but thefilm is very underrated and is one of the best and better films of theRomantic Comedy genre. Crazy,Stupid,Love is a great movie that seemslike from it's title is going to be a typical run-of-the-mill Rom-Combut the movie gives viewers something that is a little different fromthe norm and showing us a film that is very funny and heartfelt as wellas fascinating and observant about love,romance and relationshipsbecause in Crazy,Stupid,Love themes of love,romance and relationshipscan come in all shapes and sizes with an hilarious and very interestinglook at concepts and subjects such as failing relationships,beginningromances and unrequited love that effects people of all ages. This is amovie that just keeps you glued to the screen and will give viewersmany emotions and feelings such as laughter,sadness and heartbreakwhile telling viewers to have a good time with this bittersweet tale oflove and romance. The Comedy and Humor in CSL is funny and amusing anddoes a fantastic job striking a balance between going over the top andplaying it straight because there is moments throughout the film thatwill make you laugh out loud while there are funny scenes that are moresubtle. What also makes CSL funny is how unpredictable it can be attimes and the twists and turns you won't see coming at all. The movienot only gives viewers the main plot involving Cal and Jacob butsubplots involving other characters a subplot involving Jacob fallingfor working girl Hanna(Emma Stone)and another subplot about Cal's youngson Robbie(Jonah Bobo)who's in love with his babysitterJessica(Analeigh Tipton)who in turn has a crush on Cal. The many storylines and plots all mesh together well in CSL and there is not a wastedscene in the entire film. What I also enjoy about CSL is that the filmis not afraid to be a little serious and dramatic especially with someof the characters giving them depth and tons of weight which makes thecharacters real and sympathetic while at the same time being over thetop. The screenplay by Dan Fogelman is terrific and well-written,withFogelman giving each of the main characters great dialog that is funnyand interesting with many memorable scenes. The ending ofCrazy,Stupid,Love is wonderful and a good cap-off to the film althoughsome will find it predictable and obvious because of the genre and it'sconventions but I like the ending. A fantastic conclusion.The cast is great. Steve Carell is excellent and hilarious as Cal,withCarell being funny and serious. Ryan Gosling is brilliant and funny asJacob,with Gosling being cool and charismatic. Julianne Moore iswonderful as Emily,Cal's wife. Emma Stone is terrific as Hannah,Jacob'slove interest. Analeigh Tipton is amusing as Jessica,a babysitter whohas a crush on Cal. Jonah Bobo does a fine job as Robbie,Cal's sonwho's in love with Jessica. Kevin Bacon(David Lindhagen)and MarisaTomei(Kate)are fun and memorable in their small roles. BethLittleford(Claire),John Carroll Lynch(Bernie),Liz Lapira(Liz),JuliannaGuill(Madison),Josh Groban(Richard)and Joey King(Molly)give goodperformances as well.The direction by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa is great,with Ficarra andRequa always moving the camera and giving the film and nice tone andvisual style. Wonderful direction,Ficarra and Requa.The score by Christope Black and Nick Urata is fantastic,quirky andmatches the bright tone of the movie. Fine score Black and Urata.In final word,if you love Romantic Comedies or Comedies in general,Ihighly suggest you Crazy,Stupid,Love,an excellent,hilarious andunderrated Romantic Comedy that you will watch again and again. HighlyRecommended. 10/10.