Steve Carell is Cal Weaver, a 40 something dad who has embraced middleage mediocrity. He goes out to dinner with his baggy chinos, and NewBalance sneakers on. He takes his relationships with his children andhis wife for granted and is basically living with the cruise controlon. Cal's wife Emily (Julianne Moore), drops a bombshell on Cal whilethey are out at dinner and tell him that she wants a divorce and thatshe has been sleeping with someone else.Cal is devastated and is forced to re-think his life now that he has tolive alone. In order to drown his sorrows, Cal starts hanging out at alocal bar where he meets Jacob (Ryan Gosling), a womanizing playboy whoagrees to help Cal find his mojo and win back his wife. I had some highhopes for this movie. They certainly found enough stars to be in it.Does it translate into a great movie? Not really. The problem with thismovie isn't the acting it's the script. The plot is pretty ridiculousand there are unnecessary twists that just didn't need to be includedin the movie. It plays out like a bad episode of Threes Company.Although I was impressed with the acting from Jonah Bobo as Cal's son,he is also the victim of some of the most ridiculous scenes in themovie. It's too bad because he could have had one of the moreinteresting performances in the film.Julianne Moore seemed to playing the exact same character she played inThe Kids Are All Right. A 40 something mom that cheats on her spouseand is confused about what she wants from life. She was the leastimpressive of the cast for me. The rest of the cast did a good job,Ryan Gosling continues to impress. He proves that he can do comedy justas well as he does anti-hero. I am getting a little worried that we arestarting to get over saturated with him though. How about you give us alittle time to miss you? I know that I was supposed to like this one,its 78% percent fresh on RT but for me some decent acting can't make upfor a flakey unrealistic script that wants us to believe in one toomany coincidences.