It was roughly two-thirds of the way into Crazy, Stupid, Love when Irealized how invested the audience in my theater had become. The keyscene involved a mom cleaning her daughter's room, a seemingly mundanemoment that produced gasps and cries of "Oh no!" even before thecharacter makes a very revealing discovery. It's a scene that, muchlike the rest of Crazy, Stupid, Love, a heartwarming and, at times,painfully honest depiction of three couples at various stages in eachof their relationships, unfolds not with predictability so much asinevitability. Unlike your average, generic romantic-comedy, this moviefocuses less on the end, on who will end up with whom, than on thespecial and often surprising connections that are made along the way.What's more, it achieves the remarkable and all-too-rare feat ofactually moving the audience to care about the central characters, tocheer when they come out on top and sympathize when they don't.Using a witty, compassionate and ever-so-slightly subversive scriptfrom Dan Fogelman, directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, who are bestknown for writing the pitch-black comedy/satire Bad Santa and only haveone other directorial effort under their belts (last year's I Love You,Philip Morris), guide the production along with subtle ease. Theystrike an ideal balance between humor and drama, allowing the overalltone to develop organically. Laughs come mostly in chuckles at thecleverness of a line or its delivery and are never awkwardly forced into lighten up a scene, while the emotions feel genuine without becomingmanipulative. Most of all, their restrained approach allows the actorsto breathe and to fully embody the characters they've been given.Speaking of which, has there ever been a more likable group of peopleassembled for a film, much less a romantic comedy? The cast gelsremarkably well, and at no point is anyone singled out as a villain;even when a character threatens to become unlikable, the actor portrayshim or her with such keen understanding that it ultimately becomeshard, if not impossible, to not root for each and every one of them.Whenever the film tiptoes the line toward schmaltzy, they pull it back,making every line and emotion feel utterly real. As the unquestionablelead of the film, Steve Carell displays a tenderness and dramatic depthhe'd only hinted at in previous works like the unexpectedly moving The40-Year-Old Virgin and occasional episodes of The Office, while RyanGosling, all immaculate grooming, sly grins and twinkling eyes, isperfectly cast as his foil, Jacob, a suave ladies' man who's reallyusing all that money and swagger to disguise the emptiness he feelsinside. Julianne Moore and Emma Stone are both lovely as Emily andHannah, respectively, radiating a down-to-earth presence andrelatability that many other Hollywood actresses seem to lack. Alsoworth noting are Analeigh Tipton and Jonah Bobo, who form Crazy,Stupid, Love's youngest romantic pairing and have been all but ignoredby the movie's publicity campaigns despite their obvious talents.What truly sets Crazy, Stupid, Love apart from other modern-dayromantic comedies, aside from the perceptive writing and direction anda dream cast, is that it strives to be meaningful, rather than justmindless, predictable fluff. Though the movie employs its share ofclichés (precocious kid, guy falls for the one girl who initiallyrejected his advances, etc.) , it's often done with a knowing wink,most obviously when, after an altercation with Emily, his ex, and rainbegins to pour down on him, Carell's despondent Cal mutters, "What acliché." It shows that love is messy, irrational, sweet and universal,filled with regrets and tears as well as hope and joy. It celebratesmovies like Say Anything? or Jerry Maguire where sentimental wasn't abad word and love meant more than sex, diamond earrings and expensive,candlelit dinners, where those small, precious moments of quietintimacy ? a shared look, a simple but honest conversation, a laugh, asmile, buying a mint chocolate chip ice cream cone, a spontaneous phonecall ? speak as loudly as the grandest, most dramatic, craziestgestures.In short, Crazy, Stupid, Love does what the best romantic comedies do:it gives us a glimpse into the raw, human moments that collectivelybuild to bring two people together ? or, at times, tear them apart; wefall in love with them just as they fall in ? or, out of ? love witheach other. It's the perfect date movie, and so much more. To all theother ones, the mediocre, cornball, lazy, offensive rom-coms andchick-flicks out there, Ryan Gosling has a message for you: be betterthan The Gap. Be better than The Gap.