In real life, love can be messy and irrational, but in the end it'sstill worth fighting for. At its heart, I believe that is the messagethat this film tries, and mostly succeeds, at conveying. Romanticcomedies have never really been my cup of tea, but few have managed tokeep me rapt like this one managed to do. This film was filled withlifelike characters told a compelling, relatable story that, whilemessy and overstuffed at times, still wrangled the many threads andbrought them together in an interesting and completely unexpected way.The story is centered around Cal Weaver (Steve Carell, playing hisusual schlubb character), whose wife just asked him for a divorce.Completely blindsided by this development, he descends into self-pity,starts frequenting bars and venting out loud to anyone within earshot.This desperation eventually attracts the attention of Jacob Palmer(Ryan Gosling), a suave ladies' man who helps Cal recapture his manhoodand sense of self. This leads to all sorts of misadventures and awkwardsituations, but where the story ends up is both expected and unexpectedat the same time. Rounding out the cast is Julianne Moore as Cal's wifeEmily, Kevin Bacon as the man who Emily cheats on her husband with,John Carroll Lynch as a family friend and Emma Stone as Hannah, anup-and-coming lawyer who gets involved with Jacob. Despite having sucha large cast, they do end up spending enough time with each character,although the movie's pacing suffers at times and ends up feeling alittle disjointed. They all give great, naturalistic performances, eventhe younger actors. On a more technical note, the film was well-shot,even though comedies tend not to have distinctive filming styles orcinematography. The eclectic soundtrack is also worth mentioning, eventhough a few cuts were a little too "on-the-nose." Stepping back a little bit, at first the movie felt like it was tryingto accomplish too much. It starts off where a lot of movies start toend, so I thought to myself where it could possibly go from there. Theanswer is pretty far. It took a rather labored premise and didsomething fresh with it, and the chemistry and likability of the castonly made things that much better. My feelings might have been mixedtowards the beginning, but as the film progressed I only grew toappreciate it more. Sure, it might not quite live up to its title, butit put forth such a great effort that I have to applaud it for that.It's proof that there is some life in the romantic comedy genre yet. Ihighly encourage you to see this, if only for the pleasure of seeingits incredible cast at work, but hopefully also for the intimate andhonest exploration of love and the human condition.