Crazy, Stupid, Love was a mild success at the box office due to it'sensemble cast and clever trailer. The film is a romantic comedy but notas much as the typical soppy ones where it first starts off as asomewhat innocent typical comedy then shifts towards romantic andfinally more so depressing and expressive. This is a decent film andquite entertaining due to the cast, lead by Steve Carell (playing asimilar character as he did in the 40 year old virgin) and Ryan Goslingwho arguable steals the film. The other lead characters of JulianneMoore and Emma Stone come off as completely unlikable, but eventuallyget better as the film progresses.Containing with several flaws, such as the wife Emily played byJulianne Moore wanting to get a divorce from Steve Carell's characterCal because she cheated on him, after being married for over 20 yearswas sketchy. It was a surprise as it was the first scene in which itoccurred,but as the film progresses we realize it was only hercharacter going through a midlife crisis and did not actually want adivorce. The film contains other subplots, one which dragged on toolong and dragged the quality of the film down. Which involves their 13year old and their babysitter. This subplot folds towards the end butit was easily the weakest link and wasn't funny, sweet or all thatinteresting. At fist it was okay, but seeing as it became an entiresubplot and part of the film held it down. The best scenes are the onesinvolving Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell together, with Gosling teachingCarell his ways of picking up woman at the bar, simply because thecomedy is loose, and it's refreshing. Their chemistry is what made thefilm.Crazy, Stupid, Love has its moments since it is quite a long film but alot of the film appears to be as a fairy tale and very coincidental.Such as Cal successfully being able to attract Marisa Tomei's characterthen later finding out she is their son's teacher at a parentconference meeting (when the meeting appeared to be at the end of thesemester- since the son was about to graduate). It's plausible but alittle sketchy that the parents would just now be meeting with theirchild's teacher that late in the semester. (Spoiler) The othercoincidental is of course the concluding twist in the near finale ofthe film. This was well executed but very coincidental and far fetchedbut played well. Involves Ryan Gosling's character of Jacob appearingto fall for Emma Stone's character then turning out that she is thedaughter of Steve Carell. This scene appears within the last 30 minutesof the film at their backyard when everything comes into place and iswell played for laughs. Elevates the film from that point on. Otherwise this film isn't as great as considered but overall one cantell why this film did well with critics and movie goers as it isn't acompletely typical rom-com but a bit depressing and very honest in theleast bit.