Greetings again from the darkness. From the opening scene it is clearwe aren't in for a typically lame rom-com with caricatures instead ofcharacters and punchlines instead of feelings. Instead, this one is allabout the characters and their feelings ... realistic feelings of pain,anger, hope and frustration. Now don't misunderstand. It doesn't go toodeep and there is still plenty of humor in the moments.Cal (Steve Carell) and Emily (Julianne Moore) are sharing one of theirmany restaurant moments over the course of their long, steady marriage.Only this time, something spoils the comfort zone. Emily says she wantsa divorce and later tells Cal that she had an affair with a co-worker(Kevin Bacon). What follows is as close to real life reactions as wecould ever hope for in a rom-com. Cal is hurt. The kids are angry.Emily is confused. Their friends take sides.The intertwining story lines and characters are both sad and funny. Wesee how people react when they are attracted to others ... or not. Wesee how people react when they wonder if their decision was rash. Wesee how basically nice people try to do the right thing for themselvesand others, but still mess it up sometimes.After moving out, Cal heads to a local upscale lounge that seems to bestocked with gorgeous women and only a handful of men ... every night.In real life, the line of men waiting to enter would be wrapped aroundthe block. Still, one of the regulars is Jacob, played by Ryan Gosling.He is a thing of beauty to look at it and always quick with just theright line. His science is making women believe he cares about nothingbut them. Cal is discouraged by Jacob's incredible success rate. Jacobnotices Cal's negative vibe and agrees to train him. But first, themakeover ... wardrobe, haircut and conversation skills.The polar opposite effect of what you might expect from Hollywood -these nice people begin to question their direction. Cal longs forEmily. Emily still thinks about Cal, but dates her co-worker. The son(Jonah Bobo) has a crush on the older baby-sitter, who has a crush ofher own. Even Jacob falls hard for new attorney Hannah (Emma Stone) whohas just walked out on her wet rag boyfriend (Josh Groban) who offeredher a job, rather than a ring. Oh what a tangled web we weave. Andthat's just the stuff I can tell you! Cal's first conquest utilizinghis newly learned skills is a teacher played with full energy by theterrific Marisa Tomei. She only has a couple of scenes, but as usual,Ms. Tomei makes the most of her screen time. The baby sitter is playedwell by Analeigh Tipton, but it's interesting to note (in real life)she is 3 days younger than law school grad Hannah (Stone).All of the actors are top notch here. Steve Carell continues to getbetter ... this is a superior movie to Date Night (with Tina Fey).Julianne Moore is solid, though her character is mostly mopey. RyanGosling and Emma Stone are both outstanding. Gosling is none for mostlyoffbeat, dark independent films but shows again how easily he slidesback into sex symbol. Ms. Stone is headed for super-stardom. She wasreally good in Easy A and has a star-making turn in the upcoming filmThe Help. After that, it's on to the new Spider-Man for her.Glenn Ficarra and John Requa are the co-directors and were responsiblefor the much less mainstream I Love You Phillip Morris, with Jim Carreyand Ewan McGregor. Surprisingly the film was written by Dan Fogelman,who is known for his script writing on the animated Cars movies.No question women will enjoy the film, but the surprise is, many menwill relate to what's going on with the Steve Carell and Ryan Goslingcharacters. There is enough humor to keep everyone happy and enoughstrong writing to say this is a very good movie.