I have always identified with Cinderella, so I was delighted to findanother version of the classic fairy tale on a transatlantic flight toGermany this past weekend. This is a truly beautiful version of the tale, and I wouldn't haveexpected anything less from director Kenneth Branagh. I've never seen a rendition of the story that provides background aboutthe lovely and sensitive Ella, her beloved mother who died way tooyoung, and the father with whom she had a loving bond, and who dies waybefore his prime. It seems that in this version, Ella's father chooses to remarry forstrictly sexual reasons, as the woman who becomes Ella's stepmother(Cate Blanchett) is pretty on the outside but gruesome psychologically. "Have courage and be kind," had been Ella's mother's parting words toher dear daughter. And Ella takes the advice to heart as she tries tosurvive as "odd man out" under the contemptuous oversight of herstepmother and ignorant and crude stepsisters. "Time passed, and pain turned to memory," we're told via the classicstory-book voice-over. Ella's an exceedingly sensible and upright young woman. Asked by herfather what she would like for him to bring from what would be ajourney without return, she says: "Bring me the first branch yourshoulder brushes on your journey." A nature lover after my own heart!In the wake of her mother's parting counsel, Cinderella decides to doas told, allowing domestic chores to distract from her grief. Blanchett turns in a vicious portrayal of a jealous and threatenedharridan. She tries to keep her gifted ward down, but will never beable to prevail: "You are a ragged servant girl. That is what you willalways be." I have always loved this story of a young woman who is down but not outfor the count. (I recall the words of a blues singer I heard recentlyin New York City's subway system: "I just keep movin', even when I'mlosin'".) Perhaps the best film version of this tale is the first I ever saw,that which aired on TV in the early Sixties -- the superb musicalrendition by Rogers and Hammerstein. (I also enjoyed its decades- latermulticultural version starring Brandi and Whitney Houston.) This story inspires not only because of the resilience of Cinderella.Also compelling is the portrait of a prince with the ability toappreciate a good woman when he sees her -- a man who will stop atnothing to find the love of his life. (Where is there a woman whodoesn't find this story enchanting?) The eccentric actress Helena Bonham Carter turns in a quirky portrayalof the fairy godmother here. I liked that she is bumming around in acomfy, older guise when conjured by Cinderella, only seemingly gettinginto fairy gear when she's ready to work her pumpkin magic. There were many touching scenes in this film that brought tears andthoughts about the best things in life. This is a highly recommendedfilm for anyone who wants to believe that true love is possible,despite the wait. Also, bravo, Kenneth! I love your support of the Bard, but old- schoolfolk stories like this one will never lose their appeal. At heart wehumans will never tire of a universal tale.