Introduction This movie is a darker one compared to other moviestalking about teens, but that makes it all the better. It is great inshowing real problems in life such as love, loss, friendship andgrowing up. Perks doesn't just focus on one teen either. It showsdifferent problems with all the characters. It deals with depression, ahaunting past and follows the troubles of a gay relationship. The roleof friendship plays a big part in how all of the characters come toaccept most things about themselves. I also liked that this was asuccessful movie where the director was also the author of the book. Sothat means that the movie was close to what the actual book was like.SummaryThe Perks of Being a Wallflower is about a 15-year-old boy namedCharlie. Charlie is dealing with the suicide of his friend. He alsodeals with things such as shyness and anxiety. Throughout the movieCharlie overcomes some of his shyness and meets his two best friends,Patrick and Sam. By meeting them he becomes a totally different personthat he was. He experiences a lot of firsts in his life. His familylife is stable, but they do have their problems. At the end we learn ofa past action that affected Charlie and made him who he was. It changedthe way everyone saw and perceived him. At the end of the movie Charlielearns new things about his mental health and how to deal with it. Healso leaves us with a new sense of hope about his future and thosearound him. Scoring SystemThe scoring system for this review will be 1-6 stars. 1 being the worstand 6 being the best. I will be scoring each category individually andthen at the end I will give it an overall score.Music: 6Music played a big part in this movie because it was how Charlie and alot of the other characters would express themselves. It was reallypopular to show how they were feeling using mixtapes. The music thatwas chosen was relevant and was known to most people so they couldrelate to it while watching the movie. Also there was a point in themovie where there was a song that was connected with one of therelationships in the movie so it was important to them too.Actors: 5The actors chosen for the movie I think was good for the most part. Thethree main ones who were portrayed by Logan Lerman, Emma Watson andEzra Miller played their parts perfectly. Emma Watson played Sam withso much emotion throughout the whole performance that it could be saidthat it has been her best so far. Within the first few minutes of themovie we could see that Lerman was perfect for the part of Charlie. Irated it only a 5 because there were a few actors and actresses that Ifelt weren't right for the part. The role such as Mary Elizabeth whowas played by Mae Whitman could have been better. But overall I thinkthat it was a great cast.Characters: 4 The characters in the movie could be compared to the onesin the book. Even though the author of the book was also the director Ifeel as if the characters were different in each one. The book I feltwas more detailed about them and their problems. The movie could havegone a little deeper with them all and gave them a little somethingmore. Even though they were a little vague as far as what the charactercould have been they were still good and all had a great message toshow. Plot: 6The plot for this movie was great. It gave everyone a sense of whatgoes on through a teenager's life: spoken and unspoken. It gave insighton different types of problems that a young adult could have and how todeal with them. It's hard to find a movie that discusses these problemsand still seem interesting. At the end is when it gets interesting witha plot twist that shocks everyone involved. The movie keeps us on ourtoes with everything that the characters have to go through. We get tosee how it effects each of them and how they deal with their problemsand also keeping up with friends and school.ConclusionOverall I would give this movie a 5.5 out of 6. This movie is one ofthe best ones I have seen so far. It really touches everyone whowatches in a good way. It teaches everyone a lesson by the end on howto cope with their problems and also how to help. Even with the "bad"things in it I would still recommend this movie to anyone who willlisten.