I first found out about this movie from my older sister who's name Iwon't reveal here. She knew I enjoyed The Breakfast Club and everyother John Hughes movie and she also knew I had a massive crush on EmmaWatson. So she told me that I would enjoy this film. We watched ittogether on a rainy Friday night when my parents went out to dinner. Iwent into this movie with the spirit of all of John Hughes movies in mymind. But I was wrong. As I'm watching this movie, I was shocked anddisturbed by how horrible this movie was. This movie wasn't evenremotely like any of John Hughes' movies. I rather watch those moviesany day over this train wreck. This movie relies on massive dark anddepressing clichés as seen in all teen movies such as abusive familymembers, underage drinking/drug use/partying, bullying, crying over howno one accepts you, etc. The some of those things actually triggeredbad memories for me which I won't go into here. The partying scenes areso ridiculous. As I'm watching these scenes, I kept expecting ArnoldSchwarzenegger from Kindergarten Cop to show up with a shotgun andshoot up the party and say "I'm the party pooper". The only thing thatkept the movie going for me was Emma Watson. I just kept watching themovie for her scenes. But other than that, I could barely maintain mysanity while watching this garbage. The worst moment in this movie isCharlie's breakdown scene. This is literally the most overacted scenein any movie I have ever scene. It's almost to the point ofunwatchable. I wanted to give up from here, but I didn't. Another bigflaw I noticed with this movie was all the dark color tinting. Thismovie was supposed to be a teen dramedy not a horror movie. It makesThe Breakfast Club look like Twilight. I'm not saying The BreakfastClub was hilarious. I'm saying that movie was more bright and colorfuland had more humor in it than this. Anyway, after I finished thismovie, I immediately did a Bill Murray marathon which consisted ofStripes, Ghostbusters, Ghostbusters II, Meatballs and Caddyshack as anattempt to cleanse myself from the filth of this movie. If you want tomaintain your sanity and not bring back traumatic memories, do yourselfa favor and stay as far away from this movie as you can. Don't wasteyour time on this big pile of feces that this movie is. You'll thank mefor this one day. That is all.