"Effie" is about to get married to the famous author/art critic JohnRuskin. The event is full of anticipation. She's in love, content withthe realization that marriage is a great achievement (in her world) andnaive. As soon as she enters her new home, happiness and feelings ofaccomplishment disappear.Though the heroine is mainly sad, it's a different emotion compared toMme Bovary or Portrait of a Lady. All three women are trapped in anunhappy marriage but Effie isn't a disillusioned house wife ormanipulated heiress. She's a young woman who only slowly starts tocomprehend her situation. Initially, she tries to figure out why shefeels unwelcome. After the people around her keep pointing out thatshe's inadequate, she starts to believe that she is and starts blamingherself. Due to her inexperience and without a friend for sharing herquestions, she's not able to acknowledge that her life is "unnatural"and by the time that she recognizes that something is really wrong, sheis too mentally abused ? but she endures. Ruskin and his parents made me feel angry. I wish it was because theywere bad but they are actually stiflingly loving and blindly unaware oftheir coldness. I wanted to shake some sense in them. When Effiefinally starts a divorce, my romantically polluted film mind wanted tosee a glorious moment. It's kept small and shared the complexity offeelings. Yes, she was desperate and brave but I suspect that her reallife it wasn't a simple emotion that drove her to this decision. It waswell depicted as a necessity. Even though, it doesn't lower my respectfor this lady in Victorian British Society who claimed her right as ahuman being. Dakota Fanning has an interesting mixture of serenity and intensity. Itserved her well as Jane (in Twilight Saga) but gave her vulnerabilityin this role an edge. Greg Wise handsome appearance makes is hard tobelieve that he's terrible man and causes the right confusion. GregSturrage could be less nice and could show more passion but still niceto see him after Vanity Fair. And what can I write about the creme ofUK actors; Julie Walters, David Suchet, Emma Thompson, James Fox, DerekJacobi, Robbie Coltrane, other than superb as usual. I loved to seeClaudia Cardinale, powerful in her grace of age. The costumes are good,not as lush as in other productions for this time period but then ifyou ever seen real dresses from that time, they usually are a not thatrefined. The scenery highlights contrast; crowded London, narrow homelife and wide Scottish Highlands. I especially loved the very beautifulshots of Venice.One day I will watch it again on blue ray because the scenes deservehigh quality images. I hope that I will be as moved and angry as I wasin the cinema. Well Done Effie, Well Done Emma ? Thank you for thisemotional experience which gave me a couple of life pointers to thinkabout.