That classic fairy tale girls are indoctrinated with in childhood aboutthe charming prince, the metaphor that men are good and dependable,which ironically and cruelly actually set-up them up for utterdisappointment in latter life when many women will eventually discoverthat almost all men will eventually fall short on the charming scale,is of course the basis of this film which is brilliantly directed byKennath Brenagh.The screenwriter probably had in mind the idea of the 'CinderallyComplex' first postulated by Colette Dowling that surmises that womenhave an unconscious desire to be taken of, usually by men, to deal withand perhaps thus steered the modern version of Cinderalla lessTrumped-up and more women- friendly. So it is Ella's father who is theflawed man STILL not satisfied with having had one perfect marriage butjust had to have a 'second chance at happiness' after Ella's motherdeparture. And who did he choose to remarry after the demise of hisfirst wife he missed 'all the time'? It just had to be someone he choseby her looks even if she was his business acquaintance's widow. Andthat is quite enough to put the glass not on the ceiling but on thefoot.Cate Blanchet delivered a sterling performance of a perfectly evilstepmother whose laughter alone can't have been what Ella's father wasdrawn to to marry. The only reason he did marry her, apart from beingin the common male nature never to be satisfied, must have been herlook. Yes she was evil but she 'wore it very well' since Haute Couturecan indeed make a women.Cinderalla is a tour-de-force of Couture Parisien. From the camera tiltfrom the train of the first gown of the stepmother to the long shot ofher silhouette seconds later that screamed, Vogue Italia, you knew thefilm was going from quaint to serious red-carpet.Anyone who appreciates beautiful costumes would adore this film.Cinderalla was after all nominated for an Academy Award for BestCostume. Kit, the Prince alone, who was metro- sexual enough toappreciate a smart woman's advice and fenced instead of playingsomething idiotic like soccer, never wore anything not cool and suave.Though all the best dresses except one was worn by the stepmother,Cinderalla wore the most beautiful dress of them all- not at the ballbut at her wedding. We certainly did not see enough of that gem! Apart from being an Haute Couture feast for the eyes, this film had itsabsolutely hilarious moments. In particular was when the pumpkin wasturned into a golden carriage. It takes a director with comic timing toexecute the hilarity of the godmother and Ella leaning back as thepumpkin grew before it exploded. Then there is the memorably funnyscene of everything magical turning back organic. Even the score was delightful and nominated for an award.The writing was of course lovely not only for spinning a modernwomen-cherishing film from a sexist fairy tale but for hilariousone-liners such as 'I can't drive, I'm a goose'.Then there is the 'perfect' casting and priceless chemistry betweenLily James and Richard Madden. Now that is a pairing to beimmortalised. Only because of chemistry could the first dance look soenchanting and make even the most ardent believers in the CinderallaComplex put their guard down long enough to realise that women do havean innate desire but only to struggle to be appreciated and hopefullycherished by a man, even if that man in reality is rarer than a manchoosing this film over The Avangers. In its own genre, Cinderalla is a 9.5/10. In the open field it is aguilty pleasure of 'serious filmmakers' of the female kind. A film towatch again and again to keep having FAITH in human goodness when mendisappoint you in more ways than you can wear Haute Couture. Wheneverything is in place even fairy tales come to life.