Stephen Chbosky's 1990s-set very young adult-oriented book isbrilliant, being funny, touching, insightful, thought-provoking andrelatable. Hearing that Chbosky also directed and screenplay-adapted,as well as being attracted by the involvement of Paul Rudd and JoanCusack, expectations were high...and although the book has more depthto the characters and situations those expectations were met.'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' may not break new ground and it maybe clichéd, which may be reasons enough for people to hate it, butconsidering the main target audience and being based aroundcoming-of-age, teenage angst and high school life these wereinevitable. Nonetheless, 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' did a greatjob making an emotionally varied film that will resonate with mostpeople of all ages and gender.It is much more than just another high school/teenage angst film, andis a believable depiction of coming-of-age, friendship and hiddentorment that makes one nostalgic and remember the fun and difficultiesof school life. It's not flawless, some scenes and transitions like theblackouts end rather abruptly, it occasionally descends into schmaltzlike with the past flashbacks and the Charlie and Mary Elizabethrelationship while charming is rushed and makes Mary Elizabeth lesslikable compared to the rest of the film.However, 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' is beautifully shot andclearly loves the scenery. The music is suitably melancholic and thechoice of songs infectious and nostalgia-inducing especially DavidBowie and an excerpt of 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show' in one of 'ThePerks of Being a Wallflower's' most entertaining scenes, that made melove that film all over again and captured the immense fun, wildnessand danger of seeing it in theatres with an audience.Chbosky adapts his book admirably, not everything is included which isnot unexpected due to it being an adaptation and not every detail cantranslate to a just over an hour and a half film. The spirit however isthere, there are funny moments, thoughtful moments, insightful moments,inspirational moments and poignant moments balanced beautifully. For afilm director debut, he also does a more than competent job, actuallyvery impressive and puts directors who did it for years to wildlyvariable success to shame.When it comes to the story, it is not perfect in execution but made mecare for the characters and their situations and made me laugh, smile,cry and inspired in equal measure. The daring ending is shocking andbrought tears to my eyes and credit is due tackling such mature themeswith sensitivity and never preaching. The characters are compelling.Logan Lerman has never been better and being a fellow shy introvert inschool it was easy for me to relate to him, while Emma Watson (evenwith the variable accent) gives one of her better non-Hermione Grangerperformances and overall. Mae Whitman shows strong comedic chops andEzra Miller is a real standout on a flamboyant and hilarious role.Not that the adults are less good. A long way from that, even with lessscreen time. Paul Rudd is particularly great as the teacher thatinspires Charlie the most, again having had an inspirational teacher inschool and an even more inspirational head of department at musiccollege that also resonated with me. Joan Cusack only appears at theend but she is very good at being sympathetic yet firm. Again MelanieLynskey has very short screen time, but she also excels at making ushate her for being the catalyst for Charlie's torment. Kate Walsh andDylan McDermott have very little to do but fare well too.Overall, an excellent film that blossoms beautifully despite itsfaults. 9/10 Bethany Cox