I was looking forward to seeing Effie Gray. I knew the story of Effie'smarriage to John Ruskin from the TV series Desperate Romantics.I was very disappointed by the movie. While Desperate Romantics playedthe story for laughs, with a comic air, Effie Gray told the storydramatically. Or tried to, rather.The screenplay only told part of the tale of how Effie married JohnRuskin but their marriage was unconsummated. No one knows exactly why,but it seems to be because of Ruskin's disgust with "her person". Soperhaps the old story that Ruskin had never seen a naked woman andthought they were smooth like statues, and was repulsed to find ontheir wedding night that Effie had public hair, may have a grain oftruth in it. The movie shows Effie and John finally getting away from his oppressiveparents and living in Venice. However, Ruskin makes it clear that he isin Italy to work and leaves his wife to find her own amusement withItalian officers. Effie resists being seduced by one officer andrealizes there's something she isn't getting in her marriage. However, the pace of the story moves slowly..... very slowly....I keptsaying to my husband, when are they getting to the good bits? FinallyRuskin, Effie, and the artist Millais, leave for Scotland for Millais,to paint Ruskin's portrait. At last they were they getting to thedramatic bits when Millais and Effie fall in love. It was slow.... very slow... lots of scenes of rain and rocks andwaterfalls and Ruskin making remarks that turn off Millais. The Ruskinin this movie is so cold and callus there's nothing sympathetic abouthim. Millais though is Mr Nice Guy without much depth to his character. And that's about it. Effie goes to see her friend (played by EmmaThompson) who discreetly arranges a lawyer for Effie, Effie invites heryounger sister to visit her in London, Effie leaves the house with hersister, saying they are going to visit their mother in Scotland, andEffie serves Ruskin with annulment papers. The end. Where was the drama of the annulment? In this movie there is only abrief scene where Ruskin and his parents shut the door on the lawyerafter the papers are given to him. There's no mention of the strugglesEffie had to get the annulment through the courts, no mention of howshe and Millais married a year after the annulment was granted, and nomention of how Effie was then not permitted to attend any occasion withQueen Victoria, as a woman who had been previously married could not beallowed in the presence of the Queen. This movie was a missedopportunity that took a gripping and fascinating story and turned themajor characters one dimensional. Ruskin is a fruitcake, Millais MrNice Guy and Effie is an Innocent Victim. Shame- with a betterscreenplay and tighter direction this could have been a revealing dramaabout Victorian England behind closed doors. Too bad the script didn'tallow any real drama to develop, and like Ruskin shied away fromnakedness (There is a scene with Effie spying Millais taking a bath ina lake. Nice to have some full male nudity for the ladies. Alas, he isseen from the back and from a distance.) There's no risk of showingcharacters' raw and stripped emotions. There's no schmutz here- unlikein Desperate Romantics, which, with all its playing the historicalfacts with a light touch, led the audience to really care for Effie,Millais, and art in the nineteenth century.