Cinderella(2015) Starring: Lily James, Richard Madden, Helena BonhamCarter, Cate Blanchett, Holliday Grainger, Hayley Atwell, SophieMcShera, Stellan Skarsgård, Derek Jacobi, and Nonso Anozie Directed By:Kenneth Branagh Review Midnight is just the beginning. If their is anyspectacle at the movies right now it's Disney's live action Cinderella.It resonates the same princess movie you know and maybe love withsomething the same but with director Branagh's style. Look I'll bestraight with you I personally don't like Disney princess movies butthis won me over. When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ellafinds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters.Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change aftermeeting a dashing stranger in the woods. The story is nothing new theiris no twist like Maleficent, but I like that your giving me a goodmovie and making it great by getting a stellar cast, beautifulcostumes, and making it live action. There are also no songs in themovie which is the only difference which for me is good because I amnot a fan of musicals. The opening is with narrating from the fairygodmother about Elle's childhood with her mother and father untildisaster strikes. Lily James(downtown Abbey) is so good as Cinderellaand she was my favorite part of the movie her acting made me give acrap about the character and anticipate all the things we knew wouldhappen to her. My second favorite cast member from the movie was HelenaBonham Carter as the fairy godmother which is surprising to me becauseother then the harry potter movies and Big Fish I just usually don'tlike her. Cate Blanchett was amazing as the evil stepmother and veryfunny. The rest of the cast did good and each had a moment to shine.The movie was made to experiment with live action fairy tales/princessmovie and see if they can make something special the lady's and kidswhile providing that sense of nostalgia and well I think they got itright. The story also does have a message although it's beenmisconceived for to be accepting for who you are, and while yes that isone thing to take away from this movie but I believe the message is tohave courage and be kind. Cinderella boasts to the highest part of thelive action princess/fairy tale kingdom as being the best princessmovie I have ever seen. It doesn't need music, it doesn't needmemorability, it needs a good story and to be a beautiful spectacle.I'm giving Cinderella a five out of five.