Imagine yourself on the eve of your first day of high school. If you'dprefer not to, I get it, believe me. What if you'd just been releasedfrom the hospital? Do you really think you could rebound from that?Charlie (played by Logan Lerman), is a quiet, introspective teenagerwho has recently suffered a setback, the full nature of which we're notinformed of, and is about to start his freshman year of high school.The only friend he makes on his first day is his English teacher, BillAnderson (played by Paul Rudd). Rather than worry his parents, (playedby Dylan McDermott and Kate Walsh) Charlie gives the typical,one-syllable description of his first day of high school. Time passesand Charlie becomes friends with step-siblings Sam and Patrick. Sam(played by former Harry Potter actress Emma Watson) is an outgoingsenior dating a college guy and her step-brother Patrick (played byEzra Miller) is a flamboyant underachiever with a great sense of humor.They attend a football game together and follow that with a visit to adiner before driving Charlie home. The next function they attend as agroup is a party where Charlie, unknowingly, ingests a pot brownie. Itis during this moment of drug-fueled confidence that Charlie reveals toSam the fact that he lost a friend to suicide one year ago. Afterquietly relaying that fact to Patrick, he and Sam both decide then andthere that Charlie should become a full-fledged member of their group.Moments later, Charlie bears witness to a romantic encounter betweenPatrick and his closeted boyfriend, star football player Brad (playedby Johnny Simmons). They leave the party, go for a drive, and hear asong that inspires Sam to stand in the bed of the pickup truck andstretch out her arms as they drive through a tunnel. This is whenCharlie first develops romantic feelings for Sam which she iscompletely unaware of. There's a lot to like about this film. Miller and Watson's charactersare both very endearing and their decision to adopt fellow outcastCharlie is a moment that brings hope for the character and life ingeneral. There are elements I believe the film could do without.Examples include the one-sided relationship between two of thecharacters and the references to The Rocky Horror Picture Show, whichnever resonated with me the way it seems to with others. Nevertheless,I enjoyed it greatly and encourage others to see it at their earliestpossible convenience.