Kenneth Branagh's live-action re-telling of the famous Cinderella storydoes not attempt to offer any kind of fresh spin on one of Disney'smost beloved movies. Where the likes of Snow White and the Huntsman(2012) and Maleficent (2014) played out well-worn fairy tales from adifferent perspective, changing the entire outlook of the tale in theprocess, the 2015 version of Cinderella alters very little and addseven less. The real stars of the movie are the set and costume designwhich, with the exception of Cinders' rather drab ballgown, are sadlythe only hint of magic on show here.Ella (Downton Abbey's Lily James) lives happily in her peaceful kingdomwith her loving mother (Hayley Atwell) and kind father (Ben Chaplin),who teach her of the existence of magic from a young age. After hermother takes ill, Ella is told to be courageous and kind with her finaldying words. Years later, her father attempts to fill the void in hislife by marrying the recently-widowed Lady Tremaine (Cate Blanchett),who brings her two deplorable daughters Drisella (Sophie McShera) andAnastasia (Holliday Grainger) to his home to live. When Ella's fatheralso dies on a business trip, the Lady Tremaine reveals her dark side,dubbing the young girl Cinderella and forcing her to live in the atticwhile tending to their every need.While the 1950 version can be forgiven for its rather old-fashionedpatriarchal ideas of young girls fantasising about marrying rich andescaping the blandness of their existence, times have moved on and suchan over-simplification of an entire gender in modern film- makingreally has no place. The moral message of showing kindness is of courseeternally relevant, but James, aside from having a naturally sweetdemeanour, injects very little personality into her character. The bulkof the first half is made up of trying to develop these themes, butwithout any songs to distract or cutesy animals to provide thechuckles, the narrative seems to move along with the urgency andexcitement of an ITV Catherine Cookson adaptation.It only really kicks into gear when the Fairy Godmother (Helena BonhamCarter) shows up to help Cinderella on her journey to the King'spalace, where the Prince awaits every maiden in the land as he searchesfor a wife. Although the pumpkin transformation looks very nice, herother creations - including two unfunny lizards - are rather grotesquecreations unworthy of a bippity-boppity-boo. Game of Thrones' RichardMadden plays the prince blandly but handsomely, while the long- awaiteddance with his Princess-to-be lacks the magic of the cartoon version.Ironically, the Prince finds himself in the same situation as that ofhis most famous role, Robb Stark - promised to one but insistent onanother - but there is sadly no bloody massacre at the end of it all toliven things up. Aesthetically lovely but ultimately soulless.