Every decade has their coming-of-age story. People of the sixties hadThe Last Picture Show, seventies had American Graffiti, eighties hadBreakfast Club and Sixteen Candles, and the only thing I can think ofthat the nineties had was She's All That. And now my generation ofteenagers has Perks of Being a Wallflower. Based on the coming-of-agenovel, which I haven't read, the movie follows Charlie, played by theguy from Percy Jackson, and his trials and tribulations of being afreshman in high school. He then meets Patrick, who I swear is a gayversion of me, and his sister in law, Sam, played by Emma Watson (HarryPotter). This is an interesting blend of a lighter beat era film mixedwith The Last Picture Show. It shows just how naive Charlie is goinginto high school. Like eating pot brownies, feeling awkward indifferent environments, and just being a wallflower a lot of the time.He find someone he loves and doesn't really know how to handle itbecause he's never loved before. He knows he loves her but doesn't knowhow to tell her and doesn't really know how to react when he datessomebody who he doesn't love. All three of the characters go throughthe usual mishaps in high school. Patrick is in love with the school'squarterback and they have a secret relationship because they are afraidthat the people they love will resent them. It's a sad thing to have tolive with being gay and I understand what he's going through. Then Samis very promiscuous, always getting drunk and sleeping with men. Whenshe finds love and then have it ripped away at the end, you feel heartbroken for her because you love these characters by the end and youwant to see them lead a good life in college. There's a line in themovie that perfectly sums up this movie, and life in high school. "Whydo I, and everyone I love, pick people who treat us like we'renothing?" And the answer is, "We accept the love we think we deserve."That speaks volumes because I actually know people who feels like this.It's amazing just how right this movie is. I do understand gays beingshunned in school, and feeling awkward around a group of people, andhaving people treat you like we are nothing. I've never seen a moviewhere I feel a little bit like all of the characters. The performancesare strong, the music is awesome, and you walk out of the theaterknowing that no matter how bad life may feel in high school, it'll allbe better in 1460 days.