This movie has been very poorly understood by the public. Unlikeprevious films, which seek to rewrite traditional fairy tales or watchthem from new perspectives ("Maleficent", "Ever After", or even theanimations "Brave" or "Tangled"), this film is the live-action versionof the fairy tale in its more traditional version. Therefore, we knowthe whole story and very little has been changed or added. Any problem?Not for me. I usually like original versions more than any contemporaryre-interpretations, but it seems that fairy tales have gone out ofstyle.One of the criticisms I saw was the Cinderella's passive attitude: thegirl was educated under values of kindness and generosity (somethingour current society no longer knows) and isn't willing to abdicatethese principles in adversity. Maybe she think that would betray hermother's memory. For our society, which treats the dead as unknown andthe living even worse, such submission and servitude is unacceptable!The oppressed must revolt! Cinderella shouldn't serve the tea, sheshould take that teapot and stick it in her stepmother's throat! Orshould she kick her feet and whine, saying "I don't do it, I'm sick ofit"? If you are reading this and you're also think that Cinderellashould revolt, then you're one more who has totally forgotten what afairy tale is. A fairy tale is not about reality or what we do. It'sabout moral values and what we should do. And the moral teachingconveyed by this tale is that biblical passage "turn the other cheek",that you must have heard in Sunday School if you have frequented it.Cinderella's tale is entirely about this! She had the courage tosilently endure her suffering and to forgive those who hurt her and, inthe end, her reward was to fall in love with a prince and change herlife. Her stepmother's punishment didn't delay: she ended up punished,but not by the person she most offended. Moral of the story: love yourenemy and forgive, you will have the reward, sooner or later.Well, the movie is great and is absolutely true to the original fairytale, including with regard to costumes and sets, which are beautiful.Unfortunately, CGI is too obvious. I would have preferred realisticsets in proper locations rather than the green screen, which should beused with more caution. I have seen some criticism about the largeneckline of Cinderella's dress but, in the historical period in whichthe tale was set (19th century), the ball dress were usually verylow-cut. But don't complain! We see women with even fewer clothes onour streets today and we find it natural! Lily James and Cate Blanchettare the main actresses of the film and it is their work (as stepmotherand stepdaughter) that supports the whole plot. Blanchett,unsurprisingly, shone with her usual charm, and the veiled but venomousmalice she had bestowed on her character. James is an actress I didn'tknow but I liked to see, having done her work quite well. It's a youngactress, surely this movie isn't going to be the movie of her life, butshe left a promise of talent that may come to blossom. Helena BonhamCarter and Stellan Skarsgård also enter the film in supporting rolesthat their talent makes it seem easy.This movie will easily please all those who want to watch a movie withthe original Cinderella story. It's absolutely the same as the book ourgrandparents used to delight our childhoods. However, if you've gottentired of it and prefer a modern version of the story this movie is notfor you.