This movie is what the original Cinderella SHOULD have been. Itprovides excellent backstory and is much darker than the at times sillycartoon. Ella is more of a believable character in this version and herextra encounter with the prince prior to the ball is very poetic andwonderfully done.I had never seen Lily James in anything else before and I honestly hopethat this leads to a wonderful career for her, she deserves it. She wasa truly beautiful Cinderella and portrayed the poor, optimistic girlperfectly. The expressions on her face spoke volumes, almost more sothan the actual dialogue. Very moving.It goes without saying that Cate Blanchett was an incredible wickedstepmother, but I will say it anyway. She was chilling at the part, attimes it was jaw dropping just how cold and cruel she was to poor Ella.I thought the step sisters were wonderful as well. They were exactlywhat they needed to be. Stupid, cruel and selfish. The completeopposite of Ella. I really liked the origin of how she came to becalled Cinderella too. Very telling of her terribly tragic life.This movie will make you wish that you were closer with your familythan you probably are. Ella's love for her parents who pass is palpableand your heart breaks with hers when she loses them.Her chemistry with the prince was great as well as their exchanges ofdialogue. I love how she basically nags him the first time they meet,such a nice modern twist. Whereas in the original cartoon, he simplysees her across a crowded room and deems her the most beautiful womanat the ball. This version gives Ella more substance and shows that theprince is intrigued and appreciative of her unique personality and notjust her stunning features.Helena Bonham Carter is fabulous as The Fairy Godmother, just as she isin everything else. The visual effects of the dress and all of themagic are absolutely dazzling, very well done.The only reason I am not giving this a perfect score is because Ireally wish they would have dropped the mice for the live actionversion. I really felt that they cheapened the seriousness of the storyand that their presence pretty much made Ella seem like she was losingher mind. In the cartoon it was whimsical that she enjoyed dressing andsinging to mice, but in the live action version I found it just strangeand sad. I wish creators would realize that certain things just do nottransfer well from cartoon to live action. But that was my only issuewith the whole movie! This film is a definite must see for people ofall ages, especially those who believe in true love and happy endings.