Greetings again from the darkness. Brace for gushing. Last evening Iattended a screening that included a fascinating Q&A withwriter/director Stephen Chbosky. It reminded me of how personal andintimate and observant and incisive a well-made film can be. A wellwritten script is so refreshing, and an exceptional script can be trulybreath-taking. Mr. Chbosky takes the unusual step of directing his ownscreenplay based on his own novel (a 1999 bestseller), and he left mestunned and enthralled.The popularity of the novel would typically make the film version adisappointment for its fans. Not so this time. Mr. Chbosky remains trueto the spirit despite the need to edit for the sake of continuity andbrevity. The key characters spring to life thanks to the efforts offour strong performances from young actors: Logan Lerman (PercyJackson, The Three Muskateers) plays Charlie, Emma Watson (Harry Potterfilms) is Sam, Ezra Miller (We Need to Talk About Kevin, City Island)is Patrick, and Mae Whitman (Arrested Development) is Mary Elizabeth.If you have read the book, you know the story ... you know thecharacters ... you know the themes. If you haven't read the book, Iwill spoil nothing. The brilliance is recognized only as you get toknow these characters and slowly uncover their stories. What wediscover is that, regardless of our age, we recognize these charactersfrom our high school days. We know the introverted, observant Charliewho so desperately needs a support system. We surely recognize theattention-starved, lacking in self-esteem Sam who is the epitome of "Weaccept the love we think we deserve". And we all knew a Patrick ... theflamboyant one who sheaths his pain with an over-the-top act of publicconfidence. What Chbosky does is shine the spotlight on thesecharacters to ensure that we really SEE them this time.The themes reminded me a bit of a darker John Hughes film (that's acompliment). There were also pieces of two other really good films:Stand By Me and Almost Famous. The formative years of a writerdetermine the depths to which his or her work will reach later in life.Admittedly, the film is substantially autobiographical, so when Mr.Chbosky says it's a personal story, we begin to understand thefoundation of his remarkable writing style."Welcome to the island of misfit toys." When this line is spoken, werealize that most every high school kid has thought the same thing atsome point. These are painful and difficult times and as Mr. Chboskystated, we should encourage kids to fight through this stage and get onto the next ... then able to find their true self. Clearly, the filmmade a strong impact on me. My favorite reaction to a movie is profoundthought, and this one caused this in waves. The decision to release asPG-13 was wise. There is no excess of profanity or nudity to divertattention from what really matters ... the characters. I can think ofno finer compliment to a writer and filmmaker than to cite them as thecause of my internal discussions related to their film. My hope is thatyou have the same reaction.(http://moviereviewsfromthedark.wordpress.com/)