When most people think about how far women's rights have progressed inwestern society over the past century or two, they usually think aboutvoting rights, but that just scratches the surface. There has also beenmuch progress under many aspects of law, at the workplace? and in thehome. I'm talking about the right of a woman to enjoy a happy marriage? free from physical and emotional abuse, and free to enjoy physicalintimacy with her husband. Divorce may not have been illegal, in, say,Victorian England, but it was definitely frowned upon ? even in theinstances I just mentioned.Such was the problem of Euphemia "Effie" Gray. She was a Scottish girlof 19 who married 28-year-old family friend and renowned English artcritic John Ruskin in 1848. Ruskin, however, never consummated themarriage and treated her in a manner that she described as"overbearing". After suffering in silence for years, she got supportfrom some influential individuals and succeeded in having her marriageannulled. This meant some degree of social ostracism, but at least shewas able to seek out a happy marriage and have a family. Her story hasbeen told in a silent film, a short film, in radio plays, stage playsand an opera, in a short story and in a book, on TV, and now, in thefeature-length motion picture "Effie Gray" (PG-13, 1:44).Dakota Fanning plays the title character in the film, written by (andco-starring) Emma Thompson, who has previously won an Oscar for actingand another for screen writing. Fanning plays Effie as full of youthfuloptimism when we see her leaving rural Scotland for her wedding to JohnRuskin (Greg Wise) and her new life in the big city of London. Thereality of her situation quickly sets in. Her in-laws don't think Effieis good enough for their son and are afraid that she's in it for thefamily money and the prestige of being married to a famous art critic.Effie has trouble adjusting to her new role, speaking up when she'sexpected to be quiet, and humbly trying to help when she is told it isnot her place. She's basically expected to be seen and not heard. Effieis not okay with that, but she might have been able to live with it ifher husband showed her some respect, or even a little affection.Effie's marriage was in trouble from the very beginning. We see adiscretely filmed and heartbreaking scene on Effie's wedding night whenRuskin barely looks at his wife and even leaves his bedroom when shecomes to him in girlish innocence and vulnerability. For reasons thatare speculated on in the film and by historians to this day, Ruskinnever consummates the marriage. This leaves Effie feeling lonely andunwanted, feelings that are compounded when Ruskin treats theircontrasting personalities as a problem caused by Effie. The coupledrifts apart further during an extended stay in Venice where Ruskinspends his time writing and Effie spends her time socializing and siteseeing. We see her slowly sink into depression and even becomephysically ill. The couple travels to her native Scotland for herhealth and are joined by up-and-coming painter John Everett Millais(Tom Sturridge), who is there to paint Ruskin's portrait. Living in thesame cottage as the couple, Millais sees first-hand what Effie isdealing with and encourages her to leave her husband. When she finallyopens up to a concerned society woman, Lady Eastlake (Thompson), shereceives the help she needs, but it's not that simple. Effie has sometough decisions to make and a tough road ahead including the prospectof being a social pariah for the rest of her life, with no guaranteethat her freedom will actually make her life better."Effie Gray" is a simple, but engaging story. It deepens theunderstanding of what it was like to be a woman in the 19th century andshows us how far women have come in western society. Some audiencemembers may wish the film showed more of Effie's story, but, contraryto the film's title, Thompson's script isn't as much a biopic as aportrait of one young woman's struggle for her right to be happy.Making a movie with such a narrow focus allows for a certain depth inthe plot and the freedom to explore a very small number of issues, butalso slows the pace at which the story develops. Thompson has everyright to choose to tell Effie's story in this way, as I have the rightto feel disappointed at not seeing the dramatic moments of Effie'sstory that occurred after the movie's script runs out. The film isbeautifully shot, nicely-acted and well-written, even if it feelsincomplete. "B"