OK lets put this in context. I like a decent musical, whethermainstream or off the wall. I've enjoyed Rent (massively), The Fix,Miss Saigon, Nine and many others. However I don't do Lloyd-Webber. Andnow I don't do Schonberg/Boublil either.This film is truly, hideously awful.French TV is awash with programmes where earnest looking pseuds sitround a table for hour after endless hour, discussing the most arcanesubject matter while an audience of bored people watch on, trying tolook as if they are enjoying themselves. Well this film has thatquality in spades. It drones on and on and on and on andon....relentlessly. I came out physically drained.Its interesting to note that many of the good reviews this has receivedare from Les Mis nutjobs, who stalk the production like emotionalhobbits. Ignore them, they are lying through their teeth. "I cried all the way through"..."I cried in the car park"...are thesethe thoughts of a balanced grown-up I ask you? I would say, though, that I suspect it makes an OK stage show. I'veseen excerpts and it gets by, just. But there are probably only two OKtunes in the whole piece; the rest are the stage equivalent of awhistling milkman...that is to say, tuneless and unidentifiable.Watching Crowe sing in this is worse than cringe-inducing; his voice isjust awful. Jackman is far far worse. The girls get by vocally - just.And thats the sad thing, because its a talented cast and the actingelement of it is actually extremely good. Had it been a film of VictorHugo's book it would have been absolutely outstanding..........but theytried to sing and it all went down the toilet. I firmly believe that,had they used proper singers instead of these am-dram luvvies, it mighthave stood a chance. It is, after all, supposed to be a musical, not afilm with actors trying and failing to carry a tune (although I usethat term in the loosest sense here).You should go and see it, even if only to share my pain, but take abook to read because at nearly three hours, its two hours too longIMNVHO.