It is very rare that a movie makes you feel the way this film does.Also, I am not a big fan of musicals and have only seen a few filmadaptations of musicals over the years. Therefore, it is fair to saythat I went into this film with a fair deal of scepticism. However, assoon as this film began I knew I was in for a ride. By the time thecredits rolled I was nearly in tears and I am sure most of you will be. To start with, the music and the actors singing the music areabsolutely superb. The music is as emotional as it gets and ties inamazingly well with the film's themes. In addition, there is not oneactor who doesn't pull his or her weight to make this the musicalmasterpiece which it is. Essentially, the main theme running throughout the film is oppressionand this is conveyed in stunning fashion by Hugh Jackman who steals theshow and leaves you breathless for the 2 1/2 hour running time. Hisvoice and facial expressions depict a man who has endured endlesssuffering and pain and is still willing to sacrifice more to help thosein need such as Ann Hathaway's character. However, he is not a perfecthuman being and makes mistakes which he tries to rectify and this iswhy we root for him. By the end of the film he feels more like a closefriend than an actor.All other actors such as Ann Hathaway and Russell Crowe delivernear-perfect performances and are also amazingly talented in thesinging department. You would struggle to hold back the tears once youhear Ann Hathaway singing, the now infamous song, 'I dreamed a dream'.Despite what other critics say, Russell Crowe's character is alsoportrayed in stunning fashion by the immensely talented actor who weall know. Lastly, the cinematography in this film is also remarkably stunning.The camera pans close to the face of each character whenever they singto show you what they are feeling in that moment. The film is also ableto warp you back to the 1800's and make you believe that you are inFrance during that time period due to excellent production values andthis is not surprising considering the amount of money having beenspent to produce the film.Tom Hooper the director has created an astonishing masterpiece whichmust be seen by the most casual of film fans. If you do not likemusicals, wait until you see this one!!!!