This movie is an excellent attempt to capture Les Mis on film whichmostly succeeds.I've read many of the reviews posted on this site and firstly wouldlike to clear up a few inaccuracies. We Americans are so insular,aren't we? We think it's a Hollywood movie based on a Broadway show setduring the French Revolution. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Actually, it's aBritish production made in London based on the hit West End show (whichlater transferred to 42 countries - one of which was the USA). It's noteven set during the French Revolution! European history isn't ourthing, right? The storming of the Bastille, Louis XVI, Marie Antoinetteetc...that was the French Revolution and it happened in 1789....therebellion/ uprising scenes in the movie are set during protests in the1830s.A reviewer bemoaned the fact that most people on screen sing/ speak inEnglish/ cockney accents. Errrr....that's the way many of the locals inLondon talk. Someone else suggested they should have French accents. Ohpuhleeeease.....where's the realism if everyone has phony accents thatsound like Inspector Clouseau?! Street urchins using their genuineLondon accents sounds much more realistic.OK, now for my review proper.I loved the movie. Having seen the London stage production 3 times andlistened to the CD hundreds of times I had high expectations. AnneHathaway as Fantine steals the show - I Dreamed a Dream is one of thegreatest tear-jerkers ever written, and she does it justice. WOW!Speechless. Samantha Barks, Eddie Redmayne, Hugh Jackman, RussellCrowe....all great. Crowe's Javert is most convincing, and his singingisn't nearly as bad as I had expected after reviewing some criticalreviews. Sets, costumes, sound, direction...all top notch. The big disappointment is Sacha Saron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter asthe Thennadiers....they just didn't tick the right boxes for me. Masterof the House is a bit flat. The overall movie experience is an emotional roller-coaster - if youdon't shed a tear at the end you must have a heart of stone.