I've been a long time fan of Les Mis, and as an avid film fan, I wasobviously quite excited to see how such a long, powerful stage showcould be appropriately transferred onto screen. I had been followingthe production of the film for the whole year, but it wasn't until Iwas finally sitting in the cinema that I realized this film was amasterpiece.First off, let me just say that the stage musical is longer (althoughit does have an intermission) and some argue that it is difficult tounderstand if you are not familiar with the plot. This film HAD to makesome song cuts and some changes to make it shorter and moreunderstandable. Director Tom Hooper had millions of Les Mis fanswatching his every move, so naturally he would disappoint some peoplewith practically every decision he made. The acting too, was superb. Icannot think of one actor in the film that wasn't good enough; evendown to the last chorus role, everyone was great. The gutsy decision toencourage acting over singing has really paid off. The live singingwould have gone to WASTE if they were going for a polished version. Youcan feel the pain of each of the characters. Standouts includeHathaway, Barks and Redmayne. I was not disappointed with any singingeither. Even Crowe, with whom I had my doubts, had a wonderful huskyvoice to fit a husky character.The camera angles have turned some off, but personally, I hardlynoticed them making a difference. I loved the camera-work in the King'sSpeech, and it works just as well here. The closeup shots have gainedplenty of criticism, and I might say that this too is where I had someissues. I reckon the closeup shots worked wonders for theheart-wrenching solos, but for other times it felt a little awkward.Although I do understand Hooper's reasoning in shoving the poor livingconditions in the viewer's face. The cinematography was great at theright moments, but at times I felt that the set could have been morespectacular. So much action happened in one set in the second half ofthe film, and I feel that if we saw more it would have added adimension. The sets they did use however were terrific to the lastspot.The new song and leitmotifs added work wanders to give the film anessence of something new for avid fans. I would admit it would havebeen upsetting if it was just the EXACT same as the stage show, becauseit has been seen so many times by so many people that they may havefelt on familiar ground in the cinema.In the end, all I can say is that the film is a masterpiece of moderncinema, and will certainly go down as one of the classics of musicalfilm. While it may not come to win too many awards due to strongcompetition in cinema this year, it must certainly not go downunrecognized; and word-of-mouth, as I have seen in it's two days sincethe release, will bring it further than awards ever could. Tom Hooperhas done a fine, innovative job in adapting this loved musical. Underthe wrong vision, Les Mis could have turned out much much much worse.