I had the pleasure of watching the film today; I entered the cinemawith some degree of apprehension, as I thought it highly improbable forthe film to live up to my impossibly high expectations of it as a hugefan of the musical, but any reservation I held was gone by the end ofthe Overture, and, for the next 150 minutes or so, I relived the firsttime I watched the musical at Queen's. By the end of the Finale, I wasan emotional train wreck (though visibly still much more composed thanmany around me). I will get the two gripes I have with the movie out of the way to makeroom for the considerable praise I plan on showering upon it. First andforemost is Russell Crowe's singing; it has been the subject of harshcriticism, and while I agree that it might not be to everyone's tastes(it certainly does not suit mine), it certainly is not quite as bad asthe critics will have you believe. His voice is quite nasal, and hisrange limited, but there are moments (such as the beginning of "Stars")where one could see why he was cast. Second is the music direction (andby extension some of the performances); as a purist of sorts, I wasunhappy with the number of cuts they have had to make to the songs, andsome of the songs have had to be modulated down to make them morecomfortable for Jackman and Crowe to sing. There are also some slightchanges to the orchestration, some of which I find uncomfortable.Jackman's performance of "Bring Him Home" sounds a little strained, andis a little too aggressive-sounding for my tastes, though the sheeremotion he pours into it is undeniable.Now for the good bits. The cinematography is stunning. The scenes inGreenwich, Portsmouth and the Alps are visually stunning, and theParisian set in Pinewood with the barricade is a feast for the eyes.The CGI is unashamedly unrealistic and larger-than-life. These twofactors alone could make a convincing argument for why there exists aneed for film versions of musicals. Hooper's decision to fill thescreen with the actors' faces in their numbers has been derided by somecritics who claim that it reduces the movie to a glorified series ofmusic videos, but I personally find that this makes for extremelyimmersive and intimate performances, as every twitch of the eye or themouth is clearly visible. This works particularly well with the livesinging, which makes it much more believable than any previous musicalfilm effort. The sound recording, the costumes, the makeup: allwonderful and deserving of awards (if unconvinced, watch the "makingof" featurettes on YouTube). All the performances exceeded myexpectations (even Crowe's; the critics would lead you to expectsomething akin to Brosnan's performance in Mama Mia!). Jackman, withthe exception of my personal indifference to his "Bring Me Home", is aphenomenal film-Valjean, whose highlights are definitely his soliloquy("Who am I") and his Death Scene. Bohen and Carter are excellent as theThénardiers, bringing much needed comic relief to the movie. Barks, ofwhom I am a huge fan from her stage performances as Eponine, shines,with "On My Own" being one of the highlights of the film and is quitedifferent from how she used to do it on stage. Redmayne's "Empty Chairsat Empty Tables" is tear jerking, and he makes for an impressive Mariusall-round. Allen and Huttlestone are among the best young-Cosettes andGavroches I have ever seen. Seyfried's interpretation of the role isdefinitely not for everyone, but the fragile, sweet and somewhatbell-like quality of her voice captures the innocence and beauty ofCosette perfectly. The star, though, is without a doubt Hathaway, whose"I Dreamed a Dream" and death scene drew the most tears. Her acting andsinging were sublime, and will influence all future performances of thecharacter.Les Miserables is a film not to be missed, if only to watch the actingperformances from Hathaway, Redmayne, Barks and Jackman. It isdifferent enough from the stage version for the fans to have somethingnew to which to look forward, yet loyal enough for it to be able toserve as an introduction to the stage version. And bring tissues. Lots of tissues.