Les Miserables is not easily translated to film, as any fan of thenovel or the musical knows. There are enough failed movie versions outthere to attest to this. I think that this time, thankfully, they gotit about as "right" as it's ever going to get.Don't get me wrong, it certainly has its flaws, but it rises well aboveall the other musicals-turned-movies I've seen with the possibleexception of RENT. However, all things considered, I can only think ofthree substantial complaints and of those, only one is glaring enoughto have a real impact on the movie's quality.Russel Crowe, who I am admittedly indifferent to in most movies, reallymanaged to make the character of Javert unimaginably dull. He seems tobe singing through an eternal yawn and although Javert is certainly nota character of high or fluctuating emotions, there are moments whensomething as simple as a facial expression would have made a world ofdifference. On the bright side, though, at least the man can carry atune most of the time, unlike other stars cast in leading singing rolesGerard Butler...My other complaints are solely about some of my favorite lines thatwere omitted, so not even worth going into detail on, but it leads meto a commendable point: as long as the stage show is, this film did anamazing job keeping it intact! Not perfect, but so much better than Iever imagined. Very little was lost to time constraints, I am soimpressed.The singing is appropriately unpolished, the cinematography isstunning, it was the best time I've had seeing a movie since I was achild. In many scenes, it feels like seeing the show for the first timeno matter how many times you've seen the stage production. AnneHathaway is my new favorite actress, she brought me to tears and I'venever cried at a movie before. She really touches on a whole new depthto Fantine's despair, it seems almost impossible to see her performanceand not leave the theater touched to the core.Hugh Jackman was an excellent Valjean, in my opinion. His Soliloquyportrayed the conflict of the character in ways I really didn't thinkcould translate to film and the warmth of his character after hispersonal transformation comes across beautifully. The Thenardiers werelaugh-out-loud hilarious, little Cosette was the sweetest child ever,the casting of little Eponine was surprisingly excellent, Gavroche wasabsolutely charming, this was so well done, I cannot sing it's praisesenough. All of the students were excellent in their roles, I wasparticularly in love with Enjolras, but whether that's because theactor is excellent or because he's my favorite character in the storyanyhow, I don't know for sure. He and Grantaire were so wonderfullysuited to their roles, it was easy to forget that this wasn't a genuinestage production from time to time. I thought that Marius and Cosette,two characters who are pretty one-dimensional usually, were far morelikable in the film than in any of the stage productions I've seen. Notthe most outstanding performances of the movie, but the actors did alot with characters who have so little content, so kudos to them.I live in a city full of pretty shallow people and not a single personI know around here had ever even heard of Les Mis unless I happened todrag them to the Twin Cities to catch a production when it passesthrough, musicals are NOT these people's thing, yet when the creditsrolled, our theater erupted with applause. I was shocked! That alonespeaks volumes to me of the quality of the movie and it's performances.On a side note now - look, I know how a lot of people feel, those whoare longtime Les Mis fans and who have a hard time accepting some ofthis casting. In a perfect world, this movie would star Patti and Colmand Phillip Quast (all respect to Terrance Mann) and Frances andMichael, but this is one of those cases where we have to remindourselves not to let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Or rather,don't let the ideal be the enemy of the excellent. If you want tolisten to Les Mis, the 10th anniversary is a great DVD to grab, thecasting is nearly perfect. But to watch Les Mis and to experience it,this movie isn't going to disappoint you. Happy viewing!