I feel like I'm about to explode! I just had what I can only describeas the best movie experience of my life. I don't even know where tobegin? So I'll start at the beginning.I came across a book.. a really thick book in an old book store andbought it. I never read the book for a long time? because it wouldrequire a lot of patience to get through it. It was written in a timeand about a time that was way beyond my understanding. But I had toread it. Not reading it would be a sin. It was an incredible book! Yes.There was a lot that I didn't understand.. like the war, therevolution, among other things. But the writing? oh the writing. VictorHugo wrote his characters and their stories so beautifully. I fell inlove with all of them. Eponine, the poor miserable Eponine. Gavroche,that sweet little rat whose death was so brave and so tragic. JeanValjean, that wretched soul who tried so hard to be good. Cosette andMaruis, lovers in a hard world. Enjolras and the Friends of the ABC whowere invincible. Javert, who had no room for gray in his world. I lovedthem all. It's only great writing that can embrace you into a storyeven when you don't understand much that is going on.Then came the musical. It wasn't what I would expect in a musical. ButI had an open mind, cos I love musicals. For me it was one of thosemusicals that can actually change your life. I was lucky that I got towatch the one with the dream cast. Watching Philip Quast as Javert wasan experience that I will never forget. The lyrics of the songs werelarger than life. The singing was so incredible I thought my heartwould burst! The actor who played Maruis annoyed me because of hissweaty upper lip. But everything else? the Thenardier husband and wifesinging 'Master of the House'; the prisoners singing 'Look Down';Fantine singing 'I Dreamed a Dream; the ABC singing 'Red and Black aswell as 'Do You hear the People Sing'? I could go on and on. Those werewonderfully written songs. You didn't need anything else to understandwhat was happening. I never imagined a musical would be able toaccomplish a task that could clearly only be done with a movie.And finally.. The movie itself that caused me to stay awake till 4 inthe morning with this feeling like my heart is going to burst. I canstill hear the echoes of the songs. Hugh Jackman as Jean Valjean was atreat. I can't believe that was Wolverine!! Anne Hathway had a shortrole as Fantine but she ruled my heart. The child actors playingCosette and Gavroche were unbelievable. It was quite tragic to actuallywatch Gavroche die on screen (Manly tears were shed by my movie date).Enjolras is the most badass and the most beautiful man I've ever seteyes on. Russell Crowe was no match to Philip Quast as Javert. Watchingthe action along with the marvelous songs and music, and the amazingacting from the entire cast? all of it was just very overwhelming. I'mstill recovering.To love this film is to see the face of God!