Yes, I love the musical, yes I was singing along to the entire movie inmy head and yes it is different from the west end/Broadway show butthat by no means takes away from the brilliance of this movie. I don't understand all these negative reviews about it not being thesame as the theatre version, obviously its not the same, this is amovie not a theatre production. Complaints about the singing? What isthere to complain about!? Every actor made you believe the heartbreak,poverty, grief, jealousy that they were feeling. I was drawn in toevery note that came out of their mouths whether it was bellowed out orwhispered. Hugh Jackman is phenomenal, if he does not win an Oscar I will begutted for him. His acting exceeds him in his portrayal of JeanValjean. His final scene with Anne Hathaway blew me away and I couldnot stop sobbing. Every moment was believable. I loved how he changedhis voice according to his character's aging. Jackman is amazing in allhis films but Les Miserables is his best to date easily. There has been a lot of hype about Anne Hathaway's Fantine and she didnot disappoint. Her 'I dreamed a dream' had the whole audience sobbing,including myself. Apart from the obvious candidates of Jackman and Hathaway I thought thetrue stars who have been under-rated and were spectacular are EddieRedmayne as Marius and Aaron Tveit as Enjolras. Ramin Karimloo'sEnjolras in the 25th anniversary for me was unbeatable but Tveit'sperformance topped it. Black and Red was just wow, Redmayne and Tveitmade a wonderful duo and I was weeping at Enjolra's death which bringsme onto Redmayne's performance. I thought he nailed this role, he wasthe Marius that I had in my head and I can't even begin to explain howi felt when he sang 'Empty Chairs and Empty Tables' the tears justweren't stopping, he was amazing! His interaction with Samantha Barkswas brilliant and he was just the perfect gentleman during her deathscene. I think a lot of us girls have been Eponine at some point in ourlives and Barks portrayed that heartbreak wonderfully. Helena Bonham Carter and Sacha Baron Cohen were brilliant as theThenardiers and all the horrible comments about Russel Crowe areunjustifiable. He was a great Javert. Yes his voice may not match thatof those who have played the part before him but he made up for it inhis acting. 'Stars' was beautiful and his suicide was heartbreaking. I can honestly not critisise a single thing about this movie. Cast,editing, singing, make-up, costumes just everything was brilliant. Themovie has had a lot of hype but as a theatre and film lover I canhonestly say you will not be disappointed. As long as you don't makethe mistake of comparing it to the west end/Broadway productions toomuch you will fall in love with this movie as much as I did! ENJOY!