A survival romantic film about two plane crash survivors that have tofind their way home in the snowy mountains could have been a whole lotbetter. The Mountain Between Us lacks in about everything fromcharacter developments to even making the characters interesting. Thethrills of surviving was very dull in the movie. And the last half ofthe film spending it with the two leads following in love with eachother was just terrible. No offense to Kate Winslet and Idris Elba for being in such a terriblefilm. They both are great actors and they work with what they got inthe script. Kate is a beautiful stunning actress. And Idris Elba is atalented actor. There characters were nonetheless boring anduninteresting. Kate plays photojournalist Alex, who is suppose to getmarried and is trying to find a flight home (the day before thewedding). And than you have Dr. Ben played by Idris Elba, who needed tofind a flight asap for an operation that he needed to be there for.Both desperate people got caught with their flights being cancelled.And they find a pilot that can fly them home without filing a flightplan. Then, an incident causes there plane to go down and crash in thesnowy mountains. With limited food supply and no help coming. They bothwill need each other to survive and to find their way home. The direction was boring. There was no suspense build up. The scenewith the plane crashing was dull and did not make it intense at all.The dangers with the characters coming across a cougar was boring. Thewhole film was just frustrating with Kate and Idris bickering at eachother. Idris telling her they need to stay put and take it slow. AndKate running out there and wanting to find help. It's a movie were yousee two characters hike in the long snowy mountain telling andreminding each other what they need to do for survival. And discussingabout possibly dying. It can get boring when this is going on for thewhole movie. Were the entire script is wasted with poor dialogue and nodevelopment. Occasionally, seeing Kate getting into trouble and Elbacoming to the rescue repetitively. Also, the music score from Ramin Djawadi was slightly disappointing anddid not add anything to the movie. Then, the predictableness with thecharacters falling in love with each comes to play which is hands downfrustrating and terrible. These characters are apparently been strandedfor three weeks but when watching the movie they felt like they beenstuck out there for a day or two. When it comes to the conclusion, the film slows down and takes foreverto find an ending. Which some scenes could have been trimmed down thatdid not do anything to the plot or development. Besides seeing twocharacters chase each other cause there not sure if there in love ornot. Overall, The Mountain Between Us is a terrible film. Kate Winslet andIdris Elba are the saving grace with their acting. But there charactersare not. The direction is dull and tedious. The love story isfrustrating and cliché. Not even the sappy kind of love story either. I rate the film 2 out of 5 stars. I do not recommend to see on the bigscreen, there is no excitement and no real suspense. If you want tosee, I ll wait until it's a rental.