50 Shades of Grey. The title suggests a nuanced film where nothing isblack or white and motivations are murky and changeable.Nothing could be further from the truth, I'm afraid. Jimmy Dorman, whoplays the titular Mr Grey, has all the nuance and subtlety of asledgehammer. Further, his supposed sex appeal is non-existent. He'sabout as appealing as Pennywise the clown, from Stephen King's It, butabout twice as creepy! Anastasia Steele, by contrast, gives theimpression that she is of sub-par intelligence and is exactly asinteresting as listening to your Grandpa's old war stories... for thehundredth time.There is an utter lack of anything like chemistry between the pair andtheir entire "relationship" is based around him abusing her and hersupposedly enjoying it. Now, I don't have a problem with BDSMwhatsoever, but the thing I do know about it is that it is entirelyconsensual between both parties. If it isn't, then it isn't BDSM, it'splain and simple abuse.Of course, there are those that would argue that, in the context of themovie, the "consent" was clear and obvious because the woman wascontent to let it happen. But that is treading on mighty thin ice,friends, and sounds more like justification, than any real argument asto consent.In short, this movie offended me and made me laugh all at the sametime, which is rare for a movie to do. I think I was more non-plussedthat anyone would find it entertaining and that, along with the awfulchemistry and poor acting, made me find humour in it. But I suppose I'man old fart because I find something distasteful about the subjectmaterial. I know, it is a work of fiction, and we should all be able todistinguish fantasy from reality, right? Well, yes, but I have thesneaking suspicion that, despite its "R" rating, an awful lot of younggirls are going to see this movie and if so, then the message thismovie sends to them is entirely the wrong one.But, enough of my preaching. It sucks. I looked at my watch many timesduring the film and went for a stroll around the foyer about half waythrough so that I might let my eyes witness more interesting things.There was a discarded movie stub that occupied me for several minutes,before I felt obligated to return to the auditorium for the second halfof this dreary non-event.The fact that they released it the day before Valentine's Day justleaves me speechless with disbelief.EDIT: Of course this made a ton of money at the box office, so therewill be a sequel, and plenty of similar, ripoffs. Remember when we allbemoaned the "new" craze of Young Adult, Dystopian fantasy films?Welcome to the next big genre folks! Soft-porn at the cinema!SUMMARY: Ridiculous, badly acted and lacking anything likeentertainment. No chemistry between the two leads. Glorifies abuse andthen tries to tell you that is what you wanted all along. Just a wasteof your time. Trust me.