I think people who have rated this movie so horribly have no idea whatBDSM is.I enjoyed it. I was expecting it to be way more violent considering allof the horrible reviews. I thought the on screen interaction was great.Even though Jamie Dornan may have lacked on the intensity level, Istill think he did a great job. I thought he and Dakota had great onscreen chemistry. Not sure what all the fuss is about that? I have donemy own research and interacted with people in the BDSM communitybefore, so I knew a little bit going in. Just like in any relationship,there has to be boundaries. There has to be trust. No abuse should betolerated, ever.That being said, the movie did a very good job at showing her beinghesitant to join the lifestyle. She didn't rush in like a bull. Therewas a contract in place. She was never forced into the lifestyle. Italso did a great job showing her emotions when he crossed the line.That being said, I think this movie is meant for a very specificaudience.Was there tons of sex? Yes. Was the nudity ridiculous? Yes. Then again,what did you expect? I mean, really. People that are going to see thismovie and are leaving absolutely disgusted -- you knew this movie wascontroversial. Did you not do research to see what it was about? Idon't think that this movie encourages abuse. It's not degrading ofwomen. Just like the BDSM lifestyle, this movie is not for everyone.Many will not like it.The damage, however, that I think this movie does is spur curiosity.While some may think that's a good thing, I don't think it is. Thereare A LOT of predators out there that use BDSM to abuse others. Youhave to tread EXTREMELY carefully if you ever want to get involved inthe lifestyle. I think this is going to cause a lot of young people towant to explore things, and be to trusty of strangers. There are peopleout there that respectfully do BDSM the right way and are respectful oftheir partners, and it is completely consensual and pleasurable bothways. The fakes that try to use BDSM to abuse others are the ones thatyou have to watch out for.Anyway, I loved the movie. I thought it was great. I cried through alot of it. It really did a great job stirring emotions and creating anattachment between you and the characters. I'm really looking forwardto the sequel :-).