Thea Sharrock's film adaptation of Jojo Moyes's "Me Before You" is oneof those hidden gems, which we should all watch rather early thanlater. First, the talented British cast is impressive. Emilia Clarke, SamClaflin, Janet McTeer, Charles Dance, Matthew Lewis, just to name afew, beautifully create an emotional journey, which is more than just aheart-breaking love story. Challenging our life perspectives every stepof the way, these actors invite us to live boldly and seize theopportunities passing by. Louisa Clarke (Emilia Clarke), a naive 26-year old English woman, livesin a peaceful village where nothing seems to be happening. Supportingher whole family financially, Lou has a dull life working hard withoutever leaving our native city. When she loses her job at Buttered BunCafe, her world is turned upside down. Desperately looking for a newjob, she goes to the local job center and is proposed to work for adespicable 30ish-year old quadriplegic man called Will Traynor. Hisdesire not to get help makes him look miserable and frustrated.However, with time, Lou pierces his shell and unveils Will's truecolors. She starts showing him how great his life could be. But onerevelation changes their relationship forever.Best known for his roles as Finnick Odair in "The Hunger Games" series,Sam Claflin's portrayal of Will is exquisite. It is almostinconceivable to imagine him not being a part of this movie. Thephysical and psychological challenge of playing a quadriplegic man, whoneeds to feel like a man again, elevates the English-born actor toHollywood's acting A-list. In "Me Before You", Claflin convinces usthat words are way more impactful than being good looking. Through hispresence on the screen, Claflin inhabits one of the most powerfulquotes of Jojo Moyes's original story, "You only get one life. It isactually your duty to live it as fully as possible". Playing opposite Claflin, Emilia Clarke ("Game of Thrones") shinesthrough with her naivety and authentic, clumsy attitude on the screen.Her unique facial expression, while crying and laughing, makes us falleven more for the quirky, innocent Lou. No one could have ever filledthe role better than the Mother of Dragons herself. Emilia Clarke isLOU CLARKE! From her crazy outfits in the movie to her charmingpersonality, Clarke has it all. "Me Before You" will be the catalyst inher career, so let's be ready to see some more of this bumble bee.On a final note, we should be grateful to Jojo Moyes for questioning uson the reality of assisted suicide and physical disabilities.There arenot lots of writers who have been able to make such a statement andshake the status quo when it comes to life and death, but Moyes did itbeautifully. The only thing left to say is: GO WATCH this movie! You will not regretit! It will make laugh, cry, but most importantly push you to embracelife fully!P.S. Bring with you some tissues! You might need them!