This is my first review on here so bear with me please. I actuallydon't view this as a romantic movie/story. For me this is a movie aboutlife, choices and the influence we have on one another.I understand that the main topic in the story is sensitive andcontroversial to say at the least. I also get that some people will beoffended by the outcome of the story. However, I do think that as muchas those people are entitled to their own opinion (as am I and anyoneelse who has seen or read the story), so is everyone else in life ingeneral, which proves the point that Will is entitled to his ownopinion and choice in life.First let me start off with the fact that I read the book when it cameout and it had a huge impact on me and the way I thought about thevalue of life. You see ... everyone has dreams, goals and to someextend expectations of the life we want to lead. When for some reasonall of that is taken away from us, I can understand that it would bedifficult for a person to find a positive way of viewing an impossiblynegative adverse situation. I love (really love) the fact that there always will be people like Louwho find a way to make any negative into a positive and that they willdo their utter best to spread their love of life and positiveattitude(even if they're not aware they do it). I also love that Will,even though his mind is set to end his life, appreciates and respectsthe effort Lou is making to make him stay and appreciate the littlethings (or the big ones like her love for him) in life. What really got me thinking is that everyone would think that Will isselfish for wanting to take his own life. Generally speaking if someonetakes the easy way out it would be viewed as a cowardly thing to do ora selfish act. However this is not really that simple, because Will isin a situation most of us will never be able to comprehend. Yes, thereare definitely examples of people (Stephen Hawking) who have found amotivational way to live through such a tragedy, but not everyone isthe same. Not everyone is able to move past their feelings, thephysical discomfort and the limitations placed upon the person by sucha situation. Come to think of it, isn't it selfish for everyone else to want Will tostay alive for them, while he is in pain and has no way to live thelife he has always wanted to live? Isn't it just as bad to not respectsomeone's wishes when we can never know how it feels to be them?Generally I believe that the story had a positive outcome for everyoneinvolved. Even though Will chose to let go of life, something positiveremained. Something that will have Louisa pursue life in a differentway than she had ever thought of before.Anyway ... I can go on and on about the different themes, motifs &symbols in this story. It's rich and it certainly gave me plenty tothink about. I hope that many people will get to fall in love with thestory (just like I did), even though it's heavily loaded and mostdefinitely hard to take in.Thanks for taking the time to read this!