Reasonably, this film (based on Jojo Moyes's book and screenplay) isindeed 'romantic drama' more than 'rom-com", which is not to deny itscomedic elements. But all should know that there is a powerful,demanding current capturing this film, which draws in part on the caseof disabled British rugby player Daniel James and the question of hisparents being charged for accompanying him to Switzerland's Dignitasclinic (in the end they were not). In the (full) cinema I was in, therereally were few dry eyes in the house. I'll concede that mine stayeddry (not always the case), though I still find the piece affecting andthought-provoking and unquestionably worth seeing.2 big questions concerned Emilia Clarke's chances of getting beyond(and above) Danaerys, and Sam Claflin's ability to portray someone whocombines near-total physical disability with marked vulnerability toinfection - the double whammy that convinces our hero that his lifereally and truly and literally is not worth living.To my mind, both questions can be answered affirmatively.Claflin's character Will Traynor is good-looking, rich and stillinfluential. He has a commanding personality (if mostly initiallygrumpy and arrogant), a sharp mind and a capacity to develop Clarke'scharacter Lou(isa) ... Clark (yes, really). That begs A LOT ofquestions (not sidestepped) about the contribution he can still make,not least because he has support (moral and financial) from loving andwell-to-do parents - nicely done by Janet McTeer and Charles Dance. Andof course not least because he makes Lou Clark love him, even thoughshe at first has a relationshp with Patrick (played by Matthew Lewis),which is not getting very far, but is genuine, affectionate anddefinitely physical, if also sustained by Clark's decency andsupportive nature. Patrick is by no means a failure (he's been Entrepreneur of the Year).He's a bit dull, but not stupid or unkind, and of course he's atriathlon-type athlete. Yet he can't quite offer Lou what Traynor can(a huge and demanding thought in itself).And Emilia Clarke does indeed offer a convincing and often-touchingportrayal of that growing love (as mirrored in her character's personaldevelopment in terms of interests and style and maturity - thoughemphatically not basic kindness, decency, humility and optimism withlife, given that this is manifest from the outset and never wavers).This is actually then a demanding role. So much emphasis is placed onClark's eccentric dress sense that one might start to write her off asa bit oafish. But that does not pan out. Clark is (over-?) loyal to herfamily, helping out financially, and so taking jobs below herpotential. But she does what she does with conviction and optimism,puts all her heart and soul into each of her jobs, and she does knowwho she is. Hence her metamorphosis in the film adds new dimensions,but not at the expense of the old ones.Emilia Clarke is great at all this, and she proves well able to portrayinner beauty increasingly augmented by outward beauty in the moreconventional sense; and when Clark looks at - and touches - her nearlyimmobile charge, an audience-member not made of stone is going to feelthe power of the affection, and also the restraint associated with theinevitable non-physicality and asymmetry of the bond.At at least one point in the film a comparison with Stephen Hawking ismade, and this is not an idle one. There are also references to "MyLeft Foot" and that film's real-life Irish hero Christy Brown. Hawkingsteadily lost abilities, yet espoused technology to fight back andcontribute. He wanted to understand the universe, and he has livedlonger than anyone else ever with his disease. Christy Brown taughthimself to do great and wonderful things with the limb he could stillcontrol (hence the title of the story). At first glance, Traynor hasfewer aces than Brown (whose story in fact ended unhappily with hisdeath aged 49 in 1981), though more than Hawking (whose amazing storycontinues). Yet Traynor wants out and is committed to that idea with adevotedness that even Clark's love cannot shift.In spite of the chocolate-box pretty Pembrokeshire, Buckinghamshire andMediterranean locations, this is not forgettable movie-candy. One doesindeed return to the subject. And the person I saw it with came back atme a while after with the suggestion that Traynor and Clark could havemarried, had a kid (not necessarily even adopted?), and been worthwhileand useful and good parents making a contribution to the nextgeneration, all the more so given further years of support from hisparents and also her family (portrayed sympathetically enough by thefamiliar Brendan Coyle, Samantha Spiro and Jenna Coleman). And whilethat would have involved sacrifice and risk (given Traynor's endlesssusceptibility to disease that would presumably have done for him soonenough), it would have left a legacy.There's really no answer to that, given that Traynor chooses to eschewsuch options; and - as the film emphasises again and again - that's hissovereign decision in regard to his life. One gets the feeling thatClark's mother would not accept that choice, but the other characterscome round to the idea - with great reluctance, but nevertheless.This is then a modern and radical film in a pretty and oftentraditional setting, but - as the above, nuanced references in it makeclear - it is not judge and jury, at least not 100%. That roletherefore falls to us, and this is as always a precious thing a(better) film can offer its audience.