A girl in a small town forms an unlikely bond with a recently-paralyzedman she's taking care of. It's easy to be cold and cynical these days, but we should never losesight of the simple, cathartic pleasure of a good cry at the movies. Atfirst, I didn't want to review this novel ? nor the movie ? because Iknew I would want to re-read it. Which might seem perverse if you knowthat for most of the last hundred pages I was dissolved in tears? Basedon the best-selling 2012 novel by Jojo Moyes who also penned thescreenplay. This story will feel familiar to anyone who sniffed throughLove Story or The Fault in Our Stars. Surprisingly it's better thanboth. Me Before You is a love story, a family story and above all, it'sa story of the bravery and sustained the effort needed to redirect thepath of a life once it's been pushed off course. This is also a storythat is eloquent not so much in its delivery as in its humanity. Theset up is the same as many of classic (and non-classic) romance: a poorbut cheerful young girl meets a rich, grumpy gentleman and beginsworking for him. But what makes Me Before You different and quiteinteresting in principle is that Will Traynor is physically broken aswell as emotionally.You'll forgive the movie's clichés because of its surprisingly winningperformances. As the film goes on and the frost between bothprotagonists melts, both actors give their stock roles unexpectedemotional layers. On a basic level, it is engaging watching Lou enterthis new world for which she is entirely unprepared. Game of Thrones'Emilia Clarke stars as Louisa, she's like Love Actually-era KeiraKnightley, crossed with a Hello Kitty doll. Clarke's sincerity doesn'tjust win Will's heart, it wins ours too. Will Traynor since he's playedby Sam Claflin, whose Finnick Odair was one of the best things in theHunger Games series, isn't just killer handsome or impossibly good-looking even if his condition has left him bitterly depressed andcuttingly sarcastic in a wheelchair. The actor is good as Will, workingwell with the physical demands of the role and even bringing a gentleflirtatiousness to his character, as he develops his relationship withLou. In fact, his grin, with its slight touch of a smirk ? creates anunmistakable echo of a young Hugh Grant. Sam Claflin makes Will abroken man with a powerful life inside him. Plus, Will's charactermakes me think of Mr. Rochester in Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre; withhis rudeness and temper. While Louisa is so Jane Eyre: "One of theinvisible". Lou has never lived; Will has, but no longer can. You don'thave to be Nicholas Sparks to know where this is heading ? that thesetwo opposites will end up attracting, and that love, at least for awhile, will prove stronger than death. Lou is not heroic and her malecounterpart may be nobody's idea of a leading man or Prince Charming,and yet with both of them, Jojo Moyes created an affair I will alwaysremember.Me Before You is a heartbreaker in the best sense. Employing emotionaltruth to bring the reader to tears. And yet, unlike other novels, tearsare not gratuitous. Some situations, the author forces the reader torecognize, really are worth crying over. Furthermore, people can takean awful lot of sadness if you can be funny about it. Jojo Moyes is aliterary stylist. Just a storyteller. And a really good one. Shemanages to draw on the skills she owned as a journalist to create aclear, candid picture of the practicalities of Will's situation. Whilethe novelist's mind casts an illuminating light on her character'sreactions. Moyes makes them coming together extremely tender, bothsweet and real. But there's a deadline. One that haunts their lovestory haunts the novel. The author is masterful, in not shying from thecomplexities or shading the agony of choosing between life and death.It's achingly hard to read at moments and yet such a joy.Screenwriters choose to lose the "Maze" scene when Lou recalls a sexualassault when she was younger. Often when you read about rape infiction, it's the defining event of a story. And cutting it from themovie, I think, was a good thing because the scene is very opaque inthe book, and putting it on film would have given it far more weightthan it has in the book. Plus, it would have eventually change the moodof the story. However the "Birthday Dinner" scene, at Louisa's home,hits a particularly high note, offering the most poignant moment bothin the book and the movie ? its soul, really ? as well as apitch-perfect hilarious one. Finally, my favorite part of both the filmand the book is when Will and Lou go out on a "date" to a concert. Shewears a dress of sexiest scarlet, and as they are in the car ready togo home, he confesses in a very Hugh Gratian manner: "I don't want togo in yet. I just want to be a man who's been to a concert with a girlin a red dress." I know a good British rom-com reference when I seeone.Overall, Me Before You doesn't try to reinvent the genre. We've allseen some version of this movie before, but that doesn't make it anyless effective. It knows what it is and embraces it. "Tell me somethinggood," Will says to Louisa at two transformative junctures of the book.This story at its heart is about two people who properly listen to eachother, it is something good. Now if you'll excuse me, I have somethingin my eye. It's allergies, I swear.