THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!!Growing up, everyone would watch and talk about the magical Disneymovies. Nowadays, Disney is remaking their classics, for example,Cinderella and Beauty and the Beast. The 1991 film, Beauty and theBeast, is "a tale as old as time" and provokes a feeling of nostalgia.Beauty and the Beast is one of my favorite movies because of the moralsof the story, the cast, and the happy ending when they all turn back tohumans. As one of the world's highest grossing film of all time, Beautyand the Beast follows a beautiful and independent young woman as she istaken captive in the castle of a hideous beast. Despite her fears, shebefriends the castle's enchanted staff and overlooks the beast'sgrotesque exterior to learn the true heart of the cursed prince'sgentle soul. This movie is one of the best adapted Disney films becauseof its magnificent casting, where the actors portray each characterreally well, and production, with the special effects and wonderfulsoundtrack. The actors and actresses in this film brought the story to life. Thetalented actors cast in Beauty and the Beast are as close as it canget, appearance and personality wise, to the characters. The alreadyindependent and clever Emma Watson, known from the movie Harry Potteras Hermione, proved to be the perfect fit for the role of Beauty.Furthermore, the other casts fit their role really well. For instance,the brutishly handsome, yet self centered Gaston was portrayedperfectly by Luke Evans, as well as his magnificent and strong voicefor the musical numbers. Although we cannot replace Angela Lansbury,the singer for Mrs. Potts, Emma Thompson, being Mrs. Potts, is theclosest one can get to perfection. She gives the warm motherly advicewith a soft spoken tone. These actors have brought to life the onceanimated movie, Beauty and the Beast, and is one of the most perfectcast for this production due to their talented acting and attention tothe little details.From the wonderful musical numbers to the talking household items, theproduction of this movie is absolutely spectacular. Even though it is aremake of the original 1991 film Beauty and the Beast, the movie stillhas a fresh feeling to it. The violent moments in the movie are intenseand captivating, like the scene when the wolves almost killed Belle'sfather, Belle, and the Beast. Not only were there entrancing scenes,but the soundtrack was expanded. The opening of the song introduces thecharacter and the village of not so bright characters. The mostunforgettable piece was "Be Our Guest" where all the household itemsare brought to life by the gift of computer-generated imagery, or CGI.The moving candelabra, the ticking clock, the feather duster, and manyother items appear realistic, even when moving and singing. It is hardto remember that they were just inanimate objects brought to life bythe the magic of technology and special effects. Let us not forget the"Tale As Old As Time," which was the finale that ended the movie with asweet, happily ever after melody. Also, focusing on Cogsworth, tickingtimepiece, and Lumiere, the candelabra, their friendship displayed inthe movie was really something else. Their playful banter, like whenLumiere released Belle from the cell, to the exuberant rejoice at theend of the movie when the spell was broken really brightened up themood and it seemed all so natural. There was not a single dull momentin this movie as the nostalgic and new scenes come together. For these reasons, Beauty and the Beast is a must see movie because ofits casting and production. From the perfect casting to the magicalproduction and performances, Beauty and the Beast was one of the bestproduced movies I have ever seen. This movie also has beautifulmessages that are very important. Beauty and the Beast taught peoplenot to judge a book by its cover because looks can be deceiving.Because Belle took the time to become closer to the Beast, she foundthat he has a warm, kind heart who is a bookworm just like her. By notjudging a book by its cover, she found her true love and lives happilyever after. There are many good reasons to watch this movie, butperhaps the best reason is for its musical performances. The talentedcast truly gave it their all and have given us splendid performances.The overall production of Beauty and the Beast was absolutely wonderfuland I strongly urge you all to watch it.