Exceptionally well-done live action remake to one of my favorite Disneyanimated classics. Great casting, well-acted, amazing CGI affects, andmemorable musical numbers. The story-line is pretty much similar withthe animated version, but with some nice background story additionsabout Belle's mother and the Beast/Prince's father. Also liked thelinking of magical enchantress to the villager "outcast" commonerAgathe. The 3 new songs "Days In The Sun", "How Does A Moment LastForever", and "Evermore" added nice depth and background to thislive-action version.The 2 acting performances which stood out were Emma Watson (Belle) andLuke Evans (Gaston). They both brought their animated characters toreal-life as well as could be imagined. Emma Watson gave a charming,intelligent, sincere, and radiant performance as Belle. She performedher various singing moments admirably and with good emotion for a 1sttime singer in a movie. It would be hard to imagine another actress whocould have played this role of Belle as well as Emma Watson. She hasmade a nice transition from her childhood acting role as HermioneGranger in the Harry Potter movies to Belle in "Beauty & The Beast".Luke Evans gave an entertaining, profoundly over-the-top, andeventually villainous performance as Gaston. His singing prowess andtheater background came through in his 2 musical numbers. Next to theCGI driven "Be Our Guest" and "Evermore", Gaston's 2 musical numberswere among the most memorable musical moments.The other supporting cast members, from Ewan McGregor as Lumiere, IanMcKellan as Cogsworth, Emma Thompson as Mrs. Potts, and Kevin Kline asMaurice fit their roles very well and pitch perfect also. The only reasons I only gave the remake 9 stars out of 10 are theBeast/Prince character and the ending felt a little rushed. As far asthe Beast/Prince, his performance felt a bit too understated and smugat first compared to the animated version. His efforts to gain Belle'saffection had more of a plan in the animated version than this liveaction version. The one scene where this difference stands out is whenthe Beast/Prince introduces Belle to his large library room. It isdifferent and not as planned compared to the animated version. Also,would have preferred that the Beast had more human acting moments afterhis transformation back to a Prince. Dan Stevens still gave a very goodperformance as Beast/Prince, but just not up to the level of excellenceas the rest of the cast. This brings me to the ending, which felt alittle rushed. It would have been nice to extend the ending a littlebit longer to get to know the human version of the castle charactersafter the curse was broken and their transformation back to human formwas completed. Minor criticisms, but very few movies can beperfect...lol.Overall, great live-action remake by Disney. Well-cast, beautifullyperformed, and expertly directed. After "Beauty & The Beast" and"Jungle Book", looking forward to more Disney live-action remakes. Ibelieve "The Lion King" is up next.