There are almost no words for how amazing this movie was, but I amgoing to try my best anyway! If you are a true fan of the originalfilm, there is no possible way you will not adore this movie. It bringswonderful additions and insights to the original story and the entirefilm is really just a feast for the eyes. The music will fully engulfyou and make you feel like you are there with the characters.Emma Watson is visually the perfect Belle and portrays the partbeautifully. Her singing is of course not as good as Paige O'Hara but Ireally didn't feel like her lesser voice mattered much in the film.They definitely needed to lower some of the keys and change some of thenotes in order for Emma Watson to perform some parts of the songs butyou could tell that she worked really hard to train her voice as bestas she could and it resulted in a very pleasant sound.Luke Evans is great as Gaston, though I do not feel that any actualhuman man could play Gaston perfectly. Gaston is a huge, hulking manand refers to himself as a specimen. In the original, he is able tothrow Lefou around like a pillow and he lifts the blond triplets andthe bench with one arm with ease. He has a deep, booming voice and heis "roughly the size of a barge." Does any actual actor come to mindwith any of those phrases? Luke Evans definitely had Gaston'snarcissism, rudeness and viciousness down. But I personally did notfeel like he was unbelievably handsome, big or brawny. But I was stillvery pleased with his performance.Josh Gad absolutely stole the show from Gaston as Lefou. He added depthto the character who was really just comic relief in the originalcartoon. He sung "Gaston" in the tavern perfectly, it was really likethe animation was just transferred to real life. I hope he gets thecredit he deserves for that role. Certainly blows Olaf from Frozenright out of the water! Kevin Kline was a surprisingly wonderfulMaurice and I really felt the love between he and Belle. I loved theadditions they made with her mother and why Belle was so enchanted byroses to begin with. I'm glad they made Maurice more serious in thisversion, he was very goofy in the cartoon.Dan Stevens was wonderful as the beast and they added a surprisingamount of humor to his lines. I at first didn't like that he knew howto read but I suppose it never made sense in the original that a princedidn't know how to read. My favorite song was the one he sung whenBelle leaves, that was breathtaking. I thought he was the perfecthandsome prince too, especially his eyes.There were a few additions I did not care for but I did not feel shouldtake away from the rating. I wish Gaston had died the way he did in thecartoon, right in front of Belle who chooses to save the beast and doesnot even give Gaston a second glance as he plummets to his death. Ialso wish that the enchantress was NOT present during the beast'stransformation back into the prince. I found that unnecessary andintrusive, that was supposed to be Belle and the Prince's moment. Ialso found it very strange and annoying that they did not speak to eachother at all, they just stared at each other and then kissed. Ipreferred the original there, but these are just my preferences.I also felt like the servants gave away WAY too much to Belle in thisversion. It was almost shocking that Belle wasn't able to figure outwhat was going on herself with all of the info they let slip. All thelittle characters were wonderful, particularly the wardrobe.Overall, it is a truly breathtaking movie, one that only comes alongonce in a blue moon. You will be amazed how they literally transferredsome parts of the cartoon directly into live action. They used the samemusic, same background noises, dialogue, EVERYTHING...for the mostpart.Don't miss out on this. You should really just drop whatever it is youare doing and go see this move now! Outstanding!