(Humor): The true story behind the movie is this: Director YorgosLanthimos was sitting on a tavern with his close friend and writerEfthymis Filippou. They were eating lobster. Suddenly, Lanthimosstarted to talk about how art is overrated and that people tend topretend to understand as art even the weirdest nonsense just in orderto show off and blend with the other intellectuals. Filippou on theother hand, strongly disagreed with his friend.At the end of their argument Lanthimos said that: "Eftyhmi, I will showyou that I'm right. I'm gonna make the stupidest movie you ever saw andpeople will love it". Eftymis agreed to participate on this socialexperiment by writing part of the script.So they started planning on how they would make the stupidest movieever, and present it as a masterpiece. - Let's bring a Hollywood star who wants to play on a Europeanproduction so as to add it to his "to do" list. - Bring Colin Farrell - we will get Irish support from that! - Great idea, but how will we convince him to play on such a sillyfilm? - Tell him that it is a very deep film with a European perspective andthings like that.- Who else? - We need a famous guy who plays cheap comedy roles. Audience lovestransformations. - Bring John C. Reilly, he will beg for this! - OMG. This is gonna be huge! Who else? - We'll bring actors from all over Europe, some Greeks some English,you name it. Don't forget we need money to produce this thing! - OK! But won't they have questions about the script? - I'm #$@%# Lanthimos, If I ask them to jump as kangaroos in front ofthe camera they will do it without second thoughts. And best part: Theywill be the firsts to believe that is art at its best. - LOL! How about the script? - Write whatever crazy boring thing you can think. - I have a great idea! - Hit it! - At a strange futuristic world, people have to be on a relationship orelse must be transformed into animals. - Man this is pure gold! - ..and our hero just broke up, so he goes on a special place where heis forced to find a new partner in 40 days or so, or else he will beconverted to the animal of his choice. - This doesn't make ANY sense. It's f... awesome! - He chooses Lobster, because, well, we eat one right now! - LOL Mate! We will build a secondary story around this part, later. - OK. Now the matching process should be a bit complicated - Right, so as the audience starts wondering the real meaning. - Exactly. Let's say that the people on this dark world need to havesame characteristics in order to mate. Also, as a daily activity, theygo hunting for people who prefer to be single, because, why not? - And then? - Let's make a plot twist or something. Our hero fails to mate with awoman, and joins the free people who don't like relationships. - Dude, my mind is blowing up! - He fails there too, finds a girl, they try to escape from thismadness and in the end... - What?? - I don't know. Let's make an end that nobody understands what it meansso as to start theorizing about it. - Or even better, let's not write an end at all. Let people wonder. - Done? - Done!After a year "Lobster" is presented to the world. The result?23 nominations and 14 wins. Lanthimos had successfully laughed on theback of the whole world.On a more serious note, the movie is bad. Very bad. Quite bad. It makes"Highlander: Source" to look like masterpiece. Makes no sense at alland everybody has an opinion on how to translate this awful thing theyjust saw.