The film is dark humoured, satiric and mocking mirror of societyreflecting on human's obsession to fit in certain rules of society,despite how ridiculous they are. We step on our primary feelings andignore our instincts just to play by the rules, to belong. And even itwas the clear theme of being obsessed with being in a couple, I see itas a bigger reflection of society. After the main character runs intothe woods, where he finds rebels of coupling, it's clear that they areas extreme as the hotel people. It looks like it's shown that peoplehave to belong to survive, but options are limited and you have toobey, pretend or risk to be destroyed. Various examples ofdysfunctional relationships are shown in the film, which looks sofamiliar ? pretending to have something in common, pretending that youunderstand that you are the same. Desperation, rejection, cruelty inthe relationships ? we have seen and know it all, but director foundthe way to remind it with a lighter tone, with the possibility to laughat ourselves and society. All the characters acted and talked in thesame hyper-polite manner ? that's what we do, so often we dance arounddifficult and extreme situations with our repressed feelings. Anddespite how similar everyone talked, with the same tone and politeness,we can see through that and find individuality of the characters, andit shows that we are more than just rules, etiquette ? The obsession tohave something in common with you partner reached the peek at the end.It looked like even David and blind women are still in love, but arealisation that in society norms they don't have anything real incommon drives to an extreme decision. It shows that we sacrifice somuch if we love someone different, and all just to be more acceptablein the society, but at the end society doesn't care, so do we just haveto be braver? This film makes more think than feel. The audience who isused to relate to the characters might find it difficult, as even themain character is not very lovable, he is a week and very human inother words. It's not a 'feel good' film but not miserablism, it'ssmart and innovative reminder?