A man is sent to a hotel where he has to find a mate in a few weekstime. If not, he will be transformed into an animal of his choice. Thatwas the description I read and which made me think: "That's aninteresting idea! This could be fun!" Unfortunately, that's where thefun ended.The beginning of this movie is acceptable and still made me wonderwhere it was heading to. However it became more apparent with everyminute that this movie was heading nowhere (sorry if that's a spoiler).Especially after the escape by the main character from the hotel thething went from bad to worse.The scene which at an early stage crashed my hopes was the first of twoscenes in which the the loners in the hotel have to watch ridiculousperformances of the advantages of being together instead of alone. OK,so we have some absurdism, I was prepared for that. But this scene ofhaving grown adults watch these scenes without some of them laughingout loud or boo-ing was totally unconvincing.From that moment the thing went completely down the hill, alternatingbetween supposedly funny moments (ahem) and shocking scenes includingdisgusting cruelty towards animals.I have watched movies, which ended quite sad, but still caused me toleave the cinema in a good mood, like, "well at least they really lovedeach other", or "who knows what good will happen to them in thefuture". The Lobster did none of this. By the time the movie wasdragging to its insufferable long ending, I had seen the message thatthe director wanted to give (apparently) so many times that I had gonetotally numb.The most ridiculous was the scene where the loners in the wood (theyare depicted like a kind of para military group in this society ofcouples) speak to their spy in the hotel. Suddenly they start to talkin French. It actually reminded me of Allo Allo (Michelle: "Now listencarefully, I will say zis only whence"). It would have been funnyexcept that at this time I was more concerned with my mobile phonekeeping track of the time and waiting for the monster to end.Now I know that movies are not made to please me but honestly, this ispiece of garbage. Sorry if I'm repeating myself but so does TheLobster, over and over and over again.The only reason I give it 2 stars out of 10 is the acting which is OKalthough I wondered why these actors lowered themselves to this level.