(Very minor spoilers)Sometime late 2016, I happened across a trailer for this strangelooking film starring Colin Farrell. At its very basic, it is the storyof a guy who goes to a hotel and he must find love in 45 days or hewill be transformed into the animal of his choice...in this case, alobster. It was very strange and the trailer implied that it would becomedy of sorts (Dark humor, maybe?) set in a world similar to ours butyet very different. I missed it when it came out in theaters and I haveonly just watched it via Red Box.There was one glaring question as I watched this film and after it wasdone: how did this film get all this praise (3rd place at Cannes, andnominated for Best Screenplay at the Academy Awards)? To hear/read the accolades and to listen to the cast and crew reminisceon how beautiful and thought provoking this film was...made me wonderif I am just not in tune with "true art". Maybe my rational brain isincapable of absorbing the nuances of the director's soft yet firm takeon the love story. Yes, this supposedly a love story set to a dystopiandark comedy. A dark comedy it is not, not even the slightest snickereven dared to pass my lips the entire film. What did pass my lips waseither a yawn or a demand for the film to "get on with it!" and stopdragging it's feet.Here is the main problem: the majority of the film possessed absolutelyzero emotion. The only time anyone even gave a hint of human emotionwas when something painful/traumatizing occurred to a character. Therest of the time they spoke like Ben Stien after taking too manydepressants. The actors said that if they gave any emotion it woulddetract from the beauty of the script...I'm sorry, when Shyamalancharacters have more natural sounding dialogue than you then there is aserious problem. It also doesn't help that the majority of the castdon't speak English as a primary language...or that this is the firstEnglish language film by this director!And what about the love story? It is more a story about what is love orhow you know you are in love. In this film and the setting...love isfinding someone who has a similar distinguishing characteristic to youregardless of true feelings. You have a limp, I have a limp...we are aperfect match! Yes, the "love" in this film is that absurd (not funnyabsurd, just depressingly sad absurd). And then you have the twosocieties in this film: the couples and the loners. The couples are thegeneral population that forces everyone to strive toward partnershipregardless of actual feelings. Concepts like individualism areoppressed and family is simply a product to help combat partnerconflict. The loners are the ones living free in the woods to beindividuals.....individuals that must live by the group's rules orsuffer terrifying punishment on par with what the couples do. The film is absurd to the core. The characters are not at allrealistic. The absurd dystopian society exists without rhyme or reason.The plot aimlessly drags on forever. And the ambiguously sudden endingleft me shouting "Thank God It's Over!" rather than "No! I want to knowwhat happened!" If you must see it, rent it for find a free copy. Spend as little moneyas you can on this "film."I give this film one steaming red lobster....straight into the trashcan.