I have watched many mediocre films like the Lobster and always blamedeither myself for not figuring it out sooner or the production companybehind the misleading marketing hype that lured me into the theater.Never have I blamed the director whose vision and labor I differentiatefrom such mishaps, regardless of how much I disliked their film.Lanthimos however takes the full blame because his films relyexclusively on a marketing stunt idea and the precondition of theextraordinary tease.In fact, without the tease there would be no film. The director ends upturning an idea that typically stands as the starting premise for acomplex story ready to unravel (see Godard's Alphaville or Truffeaut'sFahrenheit 451) into the only idea that according to him requiresdescription and analysis. More than one film hour is spentdemonstrating the different aspects of this unique teasing idea fromevery possible angle, without the plot moving from it.The unsatisfactory tease, a forced tactic from advertising executivesand a director's nightmare, appears as the organic part of Lanthimos'films. The idea of turning a corporate disadvantage into an artisticadvantage felt creepy until i read on the internet that this guy andhis script writing partner were advertising gurus in Greece beforeshifting into film making. So, no wonder.Another disadvantage he has turned into an advantage is... being Greek.10 years ago his skills or even his style would simply be inadequatefor the film industry, coming from a country with no film tradition orindustry. Today, a man who can make films that look three times theirbudget (the norm expertise required in small advertising markets likeGreece) and himself costing 5 times less than any other director in themarket who can produce the same stuff is pure gold.He also tells the dark awkward stories the teenagers love to see in afilm (I have no doubt that the average age of the Lobster's audience is17, add some older barely educated childish hipsters on top).Youngsters are the fresh butter.Everyone loves the youth. Even star actors like Kidman (soon to star ona lanthimos film) who want to reboot their career and introducethemselves to a new generation of film consumers. Why not do it with aman who for an indie newbie knows how to light, frame and tell aseemingly more sophisticated story than the Ring II (the Oscar gravitasmust remain intact). Kidman appeals to older ages? Good for lanthimos,maybe this is the last awkward film he has to make and can finally moveto level 2. I love win-win situations.It is clear that Lanthimos plan is to pose as an indie film director asmuch as he can to preserve fresh status until he hits it big on themainstream market (god knows what will happen then, does anyoneremember edgy Francois Ozon?). He won't stop repeating his maniereteasing awkwardness (good recipe, why spoil it like other directorshave done?) until there's not a stone in this planet that hasn't seenone of his weird films. His ticket to big money. Good luck Yorgos! Boo hoo (again) for the cinephile.ps. Lanthimos interviews where he goes on and on in a painfully slowand funny way describing a total nothing are a must watch.