The Lobster is an interesting and very different film, which isdefinitely worth watching assuming you want to spend two hours watchingdark comedy, cruelty and painful silences without the annoyance ofbeing forced to follow a plot or hope for character development orunderstandable motivations."In a world where people are turned to Animals if they fail to find amate" is the underlying premise this "story" takes place in, but themeaning of that transformation, or how it works into the world is neverexplained. It is a potentially interesting concept, which is completelyand totally ignored in exchange for the director's obsession withpseudo-torture porn and a genuine misunderstanding on the nature ofhuman relationships and friendships. It makes me as a viewer wonder ifthe director understands human interactions at all. In fact in everymajor way that one can judge a story, the movie fails horribly.Consistent or discernible Plot: There is not a coherent plot or storyarc to this movie. While it does follow the "story" of Colin Ferrell(who does put on a powerful performance), there is no real arc to hisstory. Things (mostly painful and unnecessary things) just seem tohappen to the characters, and often you find yourself as a viewerwondering whether the director had any intention other than just beingshocking.Character Development: Don't hold your breath if you are looking to seeanything resembling that. He starts miserable, and remains miserable.His character isn't likable or empathetic, but just desperate andlonely. There are no characters in this movie as a viewer I foundmyself empathizing with, and the only characters who are actuallylikable in the movie are subjected to outrageously cruel treatment.An understandable message: Leaving the theater after watching thismovie I was left with two distinct thoughts "Why did I just do that tomyself?" and "Did the director even know what they were trying to do?"If the director had intended to pass some message or moral on to theiraudience they failed in every regard. The premise is never explained orexplored, the characters don't grow they simply act, the world isshallow and impossible. I came out just hating every character in themovie except for John C Reilly's, not because the actors failed to actwell, but because their character's had no determinable motivations andevery choice they make is baffling.This movie would have been much better, had it been a 25 minute shortfilm without the minutes of dead silence, and the gratuitous violence.