OK, I don't often write reviews but I felt compelled to, this time. Imean what a waste of talent and money! Jees... Come on people cinema issupposed to be art. You must have something to say, to convey. A story,a feeling, a thesis, something. It's not producing clothes-hangers damnit. It's not like filling a tax return (although that can getchallenging...) You must put a little heart into it.TRESPASSERS BEWARE: MIGHT CONTAIN SPOILERS! Back to the case at hand. Just some of the things gone wrong in thefirst 15minutes:- OK, so they decide to have the spy parachute down in the desert. Putaside that this is a bit contrived (I mean he has all the papers andacts the part good enough to fool high ranking nazi -is spellcheckreally making me capitalize nazi? No thank you sir- officers couldn'the just travel like other people?) it is an impressive scene. Until yourealize that it is blatantly computer generated. I mean that's expectedin Transformers 4 but here it just kills the mood right of the bat. Getsome sand in your shoes people!- He meets his co-spy/pretend wife in a crowded bar with all herfriends at the same table and nazi officers all around. What a greatidea! Shouldn't they have met in their apartment and gotten theirstories straight first? But that would kill the tension right? Wellknock your heads together and come up with a more plausible idea!- Supposedly after not having seen his young wife for months one issupposed to sleep alone on the roof following an old custom of thecountry he has just arrived in hours before. Otherwise we couldn't getthat hushed people-might-be-listening conversation we get from theprotagonists on the roof. You see where I am getting at here? Totalaudience manipulation. You just can't enjoy the movie when people aretrying to pull your strings left and right.- Then suddenly the movie goes all Jack Reacher on you when the spykills a nazi silently in a cafe just feet away from whispering teasippers. I never saw a guy fighting so weakly for his life as thatpathetic nazi. Going down in seconds without even a kick or a scream?My wife fights back harder than that (and that is a proved fact)! Oh soneatly killed as to seem naturally chocked on a nut? Why not send thissuper spy directly after Hitler so we can get this whole WWII thingbehind us already?- The answer? Because he is the worlds best card shuffler, totallycommitted to his art as we see him dazzle a nazi officer in order toprove he is a card player as per his fake bio. Overzealous anyone?- I really had to quit watching after that open air birth complete withair raids and bombs blowing up left and right. I don't know about youguys, but I have happened to witness a couple of births myself andwomen don't tend to make heartfelt speeches while their vaginas arebeing stretched out of proportion.- I could go on and on about the acting and the historical andtopographical inaccuracies etc, but other reviewers have those coveredbetter than I could.I give it a 4/10 for production values.