This film has a powerful story, many stunning scenes, and MarionCotillard. But it also has Brad Pitt. Big mistake. Not only does Pittseem to have had his face worked on, so that it can show little emotionanymore, but he is also apparently not Brad Pitt anymore. Is this azombie who has taken his place? He plays opposite Marion Cotillard incountless intimate scenes, she tries every device she can think of towake him up, but still he slumbers. A cardboard cutout of the Brad Pittwe used to know would have been more effective. Considering that thisis a film wholly dependent upon the relationship between Pitt andCotillard, the result is a disaster. The chemistry between them is sofar below absolute zero that we are in a deeply frozen universe.Meanwhile, an enormous crew and the director Robert Zemeckis (famousfor FORREST GUMP and BACK TO THE FUTURE) struggle to hold back the RedSea so that the entire cast do not drown in a sea of indifference. Wehave the excellent Jared Harris, beloved of all MAD MEN fans, addinghis resonant voice which is as soothing as hot chocolate, but lackingcloseups, so that we can barely see him. We have Gary Sinese, an oldchum of Zemeckis. We even have Simon McBurney. But still there is nothaw. We have great scenes. There is sex inside an old car in themiddle of a sandstorm in the desert (lacking however any continuitylink to the succeeding scenes, which is both an editing and a directinglapse). There is a birth of a baby in the open in the middle of an airraid. There is a man landing on a sand dune by parachute, seen from theair as he descends (astonishing camera work) which is ostensibly inMorocco but was really filmed in the Canary Islands, where all theNorth African locations were simulated. (There are in any case no suchsand dunes near Casablanca, just for the record.) And there is a planecoming straight at a house but which misses its roof by a whisker andcrashes across the street. That street is Willow Road in London'sHampstead, where so much action takes place. I could not make outwhether the house was meant to be that of my friend Rupert Sheldrake,but I must go have a look at his roof to see whether it is damaged.Later when we see baby Anna taking her first steps, with the wreckedGerman plane in the background, it is on a hill far from Willow Road,but then this is only a movie. This is a film which should have beenfantastic. But it has no pace, it is in fact languid and lingering. Itis meant to be a powerful thriller and intense personal drama, butwhere is the editing to keep it going, where are the intense angles,and above all, where is the hero? Sound asleep, of course. Yes, thereare plenty of spectacular setups. Many people worked their butts offgiving us great sets, great props, great clothes, wonderful periodcars. There are searchlights and anti-aircraft guns slaving away forour benefit, there are Sten guns, Nazis, stern 'V Section' spooks,uniforms, pistols, the whole shebang. But where are the pace, theintensity, and the excitement? All the elements are there, but we waitin vain for it all to move us. This is a passionless film. I also thinkSteven Knight's screenplay was greatly lacking in any true cinematicsense, and that he is just not a natural writer for the screen, despitehaving numerous credits. What a waste of a wonderful opportunity thisis. And all that money spent on it! Zemeckis rolls scene after sceneonstage as if he were producing a variety show in a theatre, or readingfrom Steven Knight's shopping list, and expects them all to adhere. Butthey are episodic rather than unified. We go from one outstanding setupto another. But we do not do so quickly enough, there is not enoughglue, and above all, the nearest thing to a meaningful Pitt which wesee in this film, vaguely and in the distance, are the ones on JaredHarris's face, remembered from MAD MEN, where we all learned to findthem endearing marks of his individuality. Marion Cotillard deserves anOscar for trying. But she might as well be kissing a film poster, andeven a rag doll would be more responsive to her embraces. All of herplentiful allure is just so much water thrown at the desert sands,disappearing instantly and leaving no trace. If one pretends all theflaws are not there, one can still just about enjoy this film becauseof its dramatic and tragic story. But its lack of vigour just makes itlook so contrived.