Director Robert Zemeckis gives us some breathtaking moments in "Allied"from 2015. The film stars Brad Pitt and Marian Cotillard as Max andMarianne, two spies who meet on a joint assignment in France and fallin love. Mission accomplished, Max proposes. She is allowed to come toEngland and marry him, and they have a beautiful daughter.One day Max's bosses call him in and say that they believe Mariannetook the name of an executed resistance worker and is, in fact, aGerman spy. They order him to write down a fake message he will begiven by phone, and if it shows up in transmissions the followingMonday, they will know the truth. Then he must execute her. Max,however, has no intention of waiting until Monday to find out.By no means is this a perfect film and yes, some parts are easy toguess. When you've seen 5000 films or more, it's not hard to knowwhat's going to happen after certain scenes. The script could have beena little more interesting. I certainly didn't find it sentimental andgoopy as someone described it. And what the heck is wrong withsentiment anyway? It was not, to me, overdone.If I am being honest, I think the problem lay with the casting of BradPitt. He's a real honest-to-God movie star as they had in the oldHollywood, and I love him. But this is a role that should have beenplayed by someone like Jason Isaacs or Tom Hardy or Tom Hiddleston.Pitt does not bring to the character the layers and depth which wouldhave made this a richer film. He has the stoicism but little else. AlsoI found his face distracting - he's had injections in the bottom partof his face and it looks different.Cotillard, on the other hand, gives a brilliant performance of anexpert spy who falls in love with her temporary partner, sending herlife into another trajectory.Someone pointed out some modernizations that were off-putting. One wasMax's sister as an out lesbian - highly doubtful in those days inEngland. The one I caught was the phrase "take it outside." It was likethe Amelia Earhart movie with Diane Keaton where she says "cut thecrap." Are these screenwriters kidding? A little more care needs to betaken when dealing with period pieces.The special effects were fantastic and brought home the idea of howclose in proximity the war was to the British people. The scene withthe ambassador was excellent; but my favorite scene was the one in thedesert with the car. Beautiful.I recommend it. I thought it was well done and well acted, exciting inparts, and also poignant. To young people I say - don't be hardened tosentimentality at your age.