It's been a long time since there has been a decent movie with war inthe backdrop. We've been getting lots of "Hacksaw Ridges" and "The HurtLockers" where the battles are first and foremost but very little humangreatness outside of the battlefield. If there have been recent movieswith war in the backdrop, they are too far in the back to beremembered. Robert Zemeckis' Allied looked like it would be and ode toCasablanca and have the war in the just right spot. Well, it tried, andit failed.Brad Pitt plays a Canadian resistance dude assigned to Casablanca,Morocco. The year is 1942 and I thought it would have been awesome ofthere was an allusion to the old film. I really wanted Marion Cotillardto say "Rick Blaine has letters of transit," or Pitt say "I have ameeting with Victor Lazlo." That would have been awesome. So Brad ispaired with Marion Cotillard on a mission to assassinate a Germanambassador. Posing as husband and wife, both people get to know eachother and live the part out for awhile. The romance is pretty shallow,like when James Bond romances a girl. That's the level that this movieachieves. After the assassination, they get married in real life and have achild. A year passes and Pitt is told that his wife is a German spy. Heis determined to prove them wrong and get to the bottom of it. Thissecond act is indeed better than the first. It is interesting to seePitt investigate his wife's mysterious past. But again, this neverreaches the full potential. There was so much room in so many placesfor so many smart twists and turns. What results is a super genericexplanation with the journey to the truth only being interesting, notawesome. Perhaps it would have been better if the characters were developedbetter. All we get to know is that Brad is Canadian and MarionCotillard is a German with a past. Boom! I just told you everything youneed to know about the characters.Are there any good things? Sure. The action is good and productiondesign are all top notch. And, as I said, the investigating isinteresting. But none of these could have saved an overall bad moviewith an even worse ending.