I will not even bother to comment on the story line which could havebeen a very interesting and well made film if only the script were veryinteresting and well made. In a ham handed attempt to bring the realityof 1940's society into 2016 by streamlining a lesbian couple into thestory line as if it would have been a perfectly normal and acceptedsituation to have a woman, Pitt's characters sister, in uniform at hiswedding pawing all over her lesbian submissive lover, this is whilesitting at the same table as the "V" Section Commander who doesn't seemto care that a military officer is engaged in a lesbian sexualencounter while under his command in an intelligence unit which wouldhave required people who had absolutely no "weakness" which could havepossibly been compromised. Then later in the film where their rolesseem to reverse and she is the one being manhandled by her cellistlover. My complete disillusionment with this film isn't related to theidea that a Lesbian Couple was written into the script, it's how theywere written into the script as if they were no longer living theirlives in secrecy for the most part, and certainly not in the openwithin the British Military in 1940's Britain; the very idea iscomplete nonsense and a complete insult to those who lived alternativelifestyles prior to the societal acceptance of these alternativelifestyles. These people within the LGBT movement had worked decadesfor acceptance. This idiotic script totally discounts the years and thestruggles which were so hard fought by so many. I am not a member ofthe LGBT community but I can't help but feel incensed by the dismissalof the actual trials which those who were living a Gay lifestyle duringWWII. Then there is the lengths which Pitts character goes to in totaldisregard of his orders and the lives of a number of men behind enemylines to have people look at his wife's picture; it is simply one ofthe dumbest story lines I have ever seen played out within a majormotion picture that didn't include the launch of space craft full ofWell Drilling pros which then land on a Comet headed for New York, andthen are successful! That movie however was at least well done, whichthis wasn't. History is interesting and really doesn't require a"rewrite".