Yet Another Hollywood Con-job!It ain't "West Side Story", which is quite possibly the best musicalever made.It also ain't "Singing in the Rain", which is arguably the best postwarmusical made in the Hollywood tradition.It also ain't "Top Hat", rated by many as the best Rogers/Astairemusical.It also ain't "Moulin Rouge", which was a riot of great music, comedy,genuine drama, and emotion.And it ain't even "Les Misérables", arguably the finest ever stagemusical which was ruined on film by a non-professional singing cast whocould barely sing in tune, (Anne Hathaway excepted).As with other 'duds' that are adored by the professional critics andfilm insiders, such as "Birdman" and the recent "American Honey", itseems to be yet another case of the "Kings New Clothes". Nobody daresto criticize. We are told by the experts that La La Land it is absolutely brilliantand when we go to see it we will swoon in the aisles, barely able tofind the superlatives to describe how much we loved it.Yet if you scroll down the user reviews of this smash hit musical, inamong the glowing 10 out of ten-star reviews, you will find a fairsprinkling of one-star reviews. Not five or six or seven stars ? no,just 1-stars among the 10-stars.It doesn't make sense ? why do all these people give it ten stars andothers only one, with headlines such as "Painfully Bad Film Musical","They Don't Make Them Like They Used To", and "So Disappointed!" "BeenThere, Seen That" and "Visceral hatred for a con job"If you are wondering why is it that some people can love it and othershate it ? go and read some of the one-star reviews. The reviewers aremovie lovers, (like me), and many are movie-musical lovers, (like me),and they intelligently articulate with tremendous clarity why La LaLand has been ridiculously over-hyped, and why the endless publicityhas simply turned 99% of the movie-going public into one enormous flockof sheep.So what's wrong with it?In a single word, it is INSIPID. (Insipid: lacking in qualities thatinterest, stimulate or challenge; dull, vapid, flat?.)The songs are insipid.Even though I am partial to jazz - and some of the jazz sequences withJohn Legend do sparkle - in general, the music score is mundane to afault and the tunes are instantly forgettable.The singing is insipid.Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling do their best, but they are NOTprofessional singers, and I suspect you could find better singers atany local amateur dramatic musical production. The movie directors ofold were smart enough to understand that if their stars cannot sing,such as Natalie Wood in "West Side Story", then dub in a decent singer.How many people ever realized that Natalie didn't actually sing thosewonderful songs?The dancing by Stone and Gosling is insipid.Again, they do their best but they are NOT professionals. In somesequences, you can almost sense the dance instructors off camerashouting out "Stop! one step left! one step back!" and so on. They aresooo? wooden.The ensemble dancers are pretty much OK, but to be honest, there are noreally great, original dance sequences that astonish and astound you-nothing that even comes close to the kind of stuff we have seen in themovie musicals of the past. Frankly, I can see better dance sequencesevery week in "Strictly come Dancing" or "Dancing with the Stars" thanI saw in La La Land.The story is insipid.It takes forever to get going and for the first half of the movie youhave to pinch yourself to keep watching these insipid charactersplaying out thoroughly unoriginal, utterly boring story. You reallydon't care what happens to either of them.The Story Struggling actress meets struggling jazz pianist. Pianist makes good,actress dumps him because he opts for "wealth and fame" over hismusical principles ? whatever that may mean. The actress gives up, andgoes home to mom; successful pianist comes to the rescue and persuadesher to go to one last audition. Guess what? She makes it and becomes astar, and the two stars go their separate ways.What an enthralling story, don't you think? This review hardlyqualifies as one of those containing spoilers, as the story is soinsipid.Okay, so is anything good?Yes ? the cinematography and editing are good, as you might expect of amovie with a budget exceeding 30 million dollars. They can afford tohire to very best technicians that money can buy ? and they do.But a good cameraman and a good editor, and a good costume designer anda good set designer, and so on, do not a good movie make. Thesewonderful technicians were already let down from the start by directorDamien Chazelle, who wrote the insipid story and by Justin Hurwitz whopenned the insipid music.If you've got nothing better to do, and like me, you hate all theHollywood franchise trash that fills our cinema screens these days,then you might do worse than spend a couple of hours snoozing throughthis piece of insipid, sleep-inducing rubbish.But if you expect to be uplifted and leave with a fine tune ringing inyour ears, then you're in for a major disappointment.Unless you're one of the sheep? baa aah?