Spoilers spoilers spoilers...if you haven't seen it yet don't read thisOkay first of all I dint want to see this movie. From the little thingsI heard I saw it looked like the typical musical same as all othersmusicals as clichéd as it could get and boring....But many of myfriends wanted to see it and I said hey maybe it could bewatchable...well it wasn't.It starts with this hideous musical piece with the friends of Emmastone dancing and it looked like Glee....Retarted and empty...The nextsongs wasn't that bad but still not good at all. Boring, the usualmusical songs that you'd expect to here stuck in a 50s or whatever theera was aesthetics even though it is freaking 2017 the choreographicthe same thing that takes you back many decades and has absolutelynothing to add to the present. In the dancing scene in the hill the 2main characters could barely lift their feet from the ground and thatlooked really lame.... The plot was no different than that of athousand other romantic, drama, comedy and musical movies thatexist.... The movie is 2 hours 8 minutes long but it felt like 4 hours.Toni Erdmann is 2h 40 min. and it felt like a 1 hour movie....I reallywanted to leave the cinema because it was so boring and its partsdidn't add together. I felt like I was watching 4 movies put togetherin a very sloppy and in a way that didn't make a bit of sense. Near theend were Emma Stone sang for an audition me and my friends laughed ourass off because she was lisping a lot....We were literary crying fromlaughter... Also I don't think you can call it a musical because it hadlike 10 minutes of singing and dancing...To sum up a borefest as stereotyped as a movie can get, it's so bad sononsensical that many times feels like a parody or a comedy, thedialogue is really awful, very bad music choreography is lame, costumesare a tribute to these of many decades ago and the ones Emma Stone worelooked like the ones you buy from cheap Chinese stores.... And finallythe plot didn't make any sense and even if it did it's so corny that itseems that a 15 year old girl wrote... Just don't watch this thing...Jesus