About to speak of the film where widescreen nearly-pornography isrendered absolute, I prime you beforehand there will be nosentimentality in my review - I'll speak straight from the shoulder.So, hail the sexual revolution, as it was said by the Swedish Eurodanceband 'Army of Lovers' in the 90s; these and similar musicians, soglamorous and possessing springness ('Mr. President', 'E-Rotic','T-Spoon', etc), rejecting the centuries-old dogmata, sang rollickingsongs about Coco Jamboo, Dr. Dick and Sex on the Beach. DOGmata werethrown to the DOGS, even though the church didn't experience times ofadversity in the West, unlike in our country, in long-suffering Russia;and in the world of popmusic, that happened a couple of decades soonerthan in cinema, and let me express my view, why. Many are too timid tovisit spicy film shows: imagine your stiff school mistress going tosome tear-jerker and, by chance, seeing you entering another showingroom with an exciting female bum on poster! But as for dance floors,there's hardly anyone but youth, and they haven't had dubious glanceson themselves in ages. A pop band plays free-and-easy hits; everybodysexually hunts everyone; and what causes that small culpable circle tomove, are ecstasy Disco Biscuits. But even before the disco time, timeof messing about, the sexual revolution won in terms of clothes! 40-45years ago, even for those times, and even in Russia, it was unlikelythat anyone, except old grannies in their senility maybe, would beoutraged at wearing short dress or a miniskirt by a young girl. Becauseall sane people understood: the majority wore shorts and mini notbecause they were sexually driven and preoccupied with sex. Girls feelHOT but it has nothing to do with being HOT, it's just summer weather!All in all, after comparative equality of men and women had come andcondoms as well as birth control pills had flooded the market ofeveryday goods, sexual revolution began to advance with giant strides,no doubt about it. As a result, the present is full of TV music videoswith blue subjects like cherries with cream, passionate glances andsighs, and satin female bare feet; what is the most popular book, is anerotic novel ('Fifty Shades of Grey'), which has beat even 'HarryPotter', 'Twilight' and 'The Lord of the Rings'. Thanks to themarvellous success of the bestseller #1, the film of the same nameshowed box office running into $ half a billion. All the rest films of'free-and-easy' content still fail in business, but that's certainlynot because they are not desirable; people are just still too shy tovisit such showings, concerned about being caught by thoseacquaintances who consider the word 'sex' to be a synonym for'lechery'...At that, all the hypocrisy around having sex is due to nothing morethan the fact that sex organs, by some natural reasons, performexcretion functions as well... That's the only thing these organs camein for their 'ill fame'; but if they weren't connected with excretionin any way, no-one, I'm quite sure, would ever think about sexblameworthily! And the words literally (with neither biologicalterminology nor euphemistic connotation) nominating these organs andwhat they do - would never be considered 'dirty'!But it's high time to give up speculating about 'what would be if pigshad wings'; they would be angels, huh; if is a big word. Here comes'Love' by Gaspar Noé. First of all, I can't but express my indignationat the virtual ban of it with us in Russia! It was shown officiallyjust once, in Saint Petersburg, with some well-known oppositionistsattending the showing. This dismisses the suggestions adduced in myreviews of the films 'Pouta' (Czech Republic) and 'Pouhdistus'(Finland): I said they were not 'banned', just ignored by Russiandistributors on the grounds of unprofitability... I should have had nothigh opinion of our powers that be! I should have known that marketlaws wouldn't work any longer if politics intervenes in variousbranches of life!But what I'm still convinced of, is that it's public opinion in Russiathat allows these people rule! It was curious for me to look throughthe 'Love' reviews posted by Russians! There were of course a couple ofodd opinions. A religionist lamented his bitter fate: he was unable todrop the filmmakers in hell pan. A young woman lapsed into daydreams ofher bygone love. But by and large, the prevailing public opinion can bereduced to: 'this is not the film we in Russia are in need of'; thewhole globalising world doesn't keep in step - our beloved Russia isthe only one who keeps in step. (Such a wild sentiment is just perfectfor the current regime.) Some extolled Noé's talents to the skies andtried to find a black cat in a dark room, but there was no cat. Veryfew reviewers treated the film impartially. Namely, as just a film withmission to show that the civilisation (not Russia, though, I'm sorry toinform you!) has latched onto a fine art house film with sex as thelion's share of runtime! The box office is low, extremely low incomparison with 'Fifty Shades', but art house films are always gettingnext to nothing in comparison with blockbusters, not much of eyeopener!A 3D art house, are you kidding?! That Noé sure wanted to snatch alarge sum. That you would probably ask me. And I'd answer: 3D here isnot a blockbuster attribute, just a ground-breaking technical spec: the'first 3D nearly-pornographic mainstream' status makes 'Love' apioneering film!