Love is a film representing Murphy's (the main character) trip to thepast when he finds out his ex-girlfriend, Electra, is missing. AsMurphy, a young man who is studying cinema in Paris, says in the film,his "biggest dream is to make a movie that truly depicts sentimentalsexuality". Whether this character has some biographical connectionwith Gaspar himself or not, is something discussable, but his statementis undoubtedly related to Love. Some might say Love is a romanticisedporno, with unnecessary shots and scenes which only purpose is to makeit even more controversial than it would have already been withoutthem. It is not a lie that Noé chose several provocative shots withexplicit sexuality, and decided not to show the awkwardness of sex.Some say Love does not represent what sex really is about because ofomitting that. However, if the point of the film is to "depictsentimental sexuality", if the title itself is summing up the wholepoint of the plot, is it really necessary that we see this coupleliterally cleaning up their mess, or going through the process ofgetting it right physically? Of course, if that's not important toGaspar Noé, so shouldn't be most of the, as many say, cheap close- ups.The question is: if we all know what happens after sex, and we alsoknow what happens during sex, what was Noé's intention? What is it thatdistinguishes Love from a regular porn when it comes to sex scenes? Ibelieve that if Gaspar had represented the triviality of sex, mostpeople would finally agree he did something completely different fromthe banality of most drama films related to love issues, and that hegot the pornographic part to work perfectly because it represented sexexactly as it is. I also believe that these people are the onesmistaking Noé's goal. Let me break this to you: Love is not a porno;not because it didn't turn out like one after editing, but because itwasn't made to be one. Love is a drama, and what the film is trying torepresent is love in sex. As Murphy claims, "(?) sex while you're inlove. That's the best thing.". Right from the open scene, we areengaged in an intimate moment between this couple we don't know. Weeven get the feeling that the scene is going to end at any moment,because that's what usually happens. We don't know if they're in love,we don't know who they are, and we don't know what's happening to them.All we know is that there stand two relaxed people, enjoying each othercalmly, and we can feel the love right away. Sex is the ultimatevehicle of transmission of love. The magnum opus of human interaction.Noé knows this, and he brings us this couple that can't take all thesentiment inside and so has to pour it out skin on skin. It wasnecessary that the film was as explicit and real as possible, so itcould ascend to its own purposes (and expectations, too). Because ifyou want to do something different, you can't imitate what's been done,you can't imitate art, you got to imitate life. But if on the one handGaspar managed to create something entirely new, he also stepped onordinary themes such as drugs, adultery and even violence. Once theyput drugs on films, we know something's about to go down. Following thefirst scenes involving narcotics, we're presented with moments whereMurphy and Electra try to elevate their sexual experiences to a wholenew level and experiment all kinds of different stuff. Which, if I maysay, doesn't exactly pleases Murphy. It is also likely that viewerswill question the existence of love between the main characters sincethey cheat on each other several times, but it seems that what Gasparwas trying to do was to demonstrate how desire and love can workseparately. While discussing the cheating part of the film with afriend, I was given a whole new perspective that I hadn't honestlythought of before that. The truly and real betrayal happened whenMurphy gave Omi the baby that was meant to be given to Electra.Throughout the film, there are an extraordinary number of almostidyllic conversations about babies. Murphy says they did everythingtogether, except for making a baby. They even picked out names for thisimaginary child that never existed. It was like they had built a dreamtogether and Murphy gave it away to someone else. That was somethingElectra couldn't forgive, and that was what killed her. Of course,Murphy ended up paying for what he'd done, broken and lost in memoriesof a love(r) long gone, and the moment of acceptance comes when he'sdesperately asking God for a second chance and for Electra's safety,while recalling the beginning of their relationship. I think everyoneexpected Love to be a soft-porn, something light in terms of emotionand heavy in terms of sex. Some actually see it that way, and mostdon't have enough sensibility to feel the deep complex plot. Love flowssweetly and gently, violently and roughly. But in the end, we feel itall.