The Bad Batch refers not to some brown acid but rather to a particularset of ex-convicts, those recently released from a prison in thesouthwestern US. Each inmate is tattooed with a serial number, whichnaturally precludes them from gainful, meaningful employment. Goodthing that the vast desert right outside the prison's gates isuncharted territory, meaning it's not under the jurisdiction of eitherthe US or Mexico. It just is.Arlen (Suki Waterhouse) is such an ex con. With nowhere else to go, shebegins a-wandering across the desert with a jug of water. She finds arusted-out car and ? for some reason ? begins to apply her eyelinerusing the rear-view mirror. Then a couple of people roar up in a golfcart and abduct her. When she wakes up, she's chained to an airplanedoor. She gets injected with something ? I'm gonna guess a sedative orpainkiller ? and her abductors lop off her right arm and left leg. Andeat them.None of that is a spoiler. It all happens in the first twenty minutesor so. Our heroine does quickly escape and finds a place calledComfort, which is basically a continuous rave. Comfort is run by TheDream (Keanu Reeves, delivering a particularly wooden performance), andeveryone there is part of the Bad Batch themselves, the rejects ofsociety.Arlen is out for revenge, so back to the cannibals she goes. There's alot of her ping-ponging back and forth between the two camps, forvarious uninteresting reasons. But this isn't a standard revenge movie? it's much more confounding and pointless. I can get behind a good oldfashioned revenge flick, but this is just dopey nonsense. You knowthings are out of wack when you kind of root for the main cannibal(Jason Momoa). And when the best performance in the movie, by a longshot, is by Jim Carrey as a grizzled hermit ? who never speaks a word.The Bad Batch looks pretty and might even have a genesis for a coolmovie within it somewhere, but it's a major dud. It's also veryviolent, so you have plenty of gore to look forward to. And lastly,Arlen's lopped-off limbs are on full display (not hiding behind bulkyclothes), and apparently this was accomplished without resorting todigital erasure of her real arm and leg. So that's a positive. Not muchelse is.