Keanu Reeves sports a 70's porn moustache, simply called "The Dream"and the homeless mute, "Hermit," is the unrecognisable Jim Carrey! The2 Best (or otherwise unique) Things to watch out for is in the summary.. . The Bad Batch opens with a lingering shot of a sign that says, "Beyondthis fence is no longer the territory of Texas. That hereafter noperson within the territory beyond this fence is a resident of theUnited States of America or shall be acknowledged, recognised, orgoverned by the laws and governing bodies therein. Good Luck."That sign is the foundation of Iranian director Ana Lily Amirpour'sextensive world building in her sophomore film. Amirpour struck goldwith her directorial debut, A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night. Thevampire spaghetti western used very little dialogue and mainly reliedon the universe that it inhabited. The Bad Batch is a similar conceptand feels like a Mad Max film directed by Robert Rodriguez. It's grittyand dirty but doesn't rely on shock value to move the film forward.The film follows Arlen (Suki Waterhouse), an ex-convict who is now apart of the "Bad Batch," a group of people rejected from society. She'skicked in a barren wasteland left to fend for herself against cannibalsthat rule the land. When they eventually capture her, Arlen's limbs aresawed off for dinner, and she barely escapes with her life. After beingsaved by a homeless mute (played by an unrecognisable Jim Carrey),she's brought to "Comfort," a town that thrives on drugs and hedonism.Their leader is a man simply called The Dream (Keanu Reeves), whosports a 70's porn moustache and pregnant concubines with machine guns.Reeves can talk about human faeces like it's holistic mambo jumbo andwe will buy every single word of it.The first 19 minutes of the film purely silent and lets the camera dothe talking. Cinematographer Lyle Vincent utilises wide camera shots toillustrate the vast nothingness of this world. Despite having so muchspace, it's claustrophobic and gives us a sense of hopelessness. It'swhen the dialogue starts to become more frequent that the film startsto falter.