I loved writer/director Ana Lily Amirpour's debut A Girl Walks HomeAlone at Night. A genre-mixing Persian language black and white vampireflick, the film established Amirpour as a fresh voice, a visionary, anall too rare woman of colour working in a genre that has typically beendominated by casually racist and sexist white men who don't thinkthrough the implications of their material. With this in mind The BadBatch represents both a step up and a step down for Amirpour. Set in an undefined near-future The Bad Batch takes place in an unnamedzone outside of Texas in which lawlessness rules and "Bad Batch" akapeople who are considered deviant in some way, are set adrift. We neverlearn why Arlen (Suki Waterhouse, serviceable) has been cast out, butwe follow her from the second she is dumped in this vicious territory.Quickly captured by cannibals (with gruesome results) she manages tofree herself and is rescued by a peaceable hermit. Months later, healedbut embittered, she sets out into the wasteland and makes a series ofdecisions which set the course for the rest of the movie. First off Amirpour proves herself once again to be a complete master oftone. Her wasteland is an '80s baby's pop-punk dream, filled with maddetritus from the '80s and '90s. The post-production here is reallytop-notch and filled with clever visuals (there is a ton of signageamong the wreckage which gives Amirpour the ability to maketongue-in-cheek jabs at the audience, like a scene in which Arlencontemplates a difficult decision while in the background a signcheerfully proclaims "THIS ISN'T REAL"). I've heard some reviewers balkat the so-called half-baked romance that takes up the final half of themovie, but to me it feels meditative and real. Much like the romance inAmirpour's debut, this one is as full of quiet suggestion and glancesas a Victorian novel adaptation.What then was not to my taste? Well to go back to the earlierdiscussion of filmmakers in the genre being sloppy, thoughtless or evendownright racist with their messaging... Shortly before the film wasofficially released a woman at an advanced screening raised somecriticism about the casting in the movie and she was dead right. Thefirst question she had was about Jason Momoa being cast as a Latinocharacter named "Miami Man". In the movie Miami Man isn't just anyrandom Latino, he's an undocumented Cuban immigrant with a thickaccent. To have Jason Momoa, an accentless American born man ofNative-Hawaiian and white descent feels incredibly tone deaf, the kindof ridiculous casting that was something that wasn't given a secondthought in the 50s but is incredibly tired now. The second issue raisedwas the question of a black female character being given a particularlygruesome death... Again, the entire arc of that character and the factthat Arlen's fall, and later redemption, occur because of this woman'sdeath is treated so carelessly within the narrative it would almostfeel like a joke or like Amirpour is making a statement on howirredeemable Arlen is if not for the fact that again and again themovie works to make the audience sympathize with her. It's trulybaffling and takes what could have been a good movie and makes itincredibly tone deaf and insensitive to the very racism it seemsintended to point out.I hate scoring movies with highs so high and lows so low because itoften comes out to a very mediocre score when the movie couldn't beanything further from mediocrity. It's really too bad that Amirpour wasso blind to something so essential to her film.