Continuing the trend of desolate Texas locale, I decided to watch TheBad Batch. I did not see Ana Lily Amirpour's A Girl Walks Home Alone atNight, despite hearing really good things about it. I did see thetrailer for The Bad Batch a few months back and thought it looked good.It seemed like the type of film that I would enjoy an artsy, stylish,female protagonist driven film that remains memorable. While thatdescription is fairly apt, I could not help but feel disappointed bywhat I have seen. Its not terrible, I'm just struggling to praise thefilm as I would have wanted to.The film looks to be a dystopian film that takes place in a wastelandin Texas. Arlen (our protagonist portrayed by Suki Waterhouse) isattacked early on in the film and has her arm and leg cut off andeaten. The area is ravaged by cannibalistic tendencies as people musthunt each other to survive. She eventually adapts to her missing limbsand comes across a little girl and her father, who are at first at oddsbut then begin to bond against the negative forces around them. Theentirety of the film basically takes place in a desert like barrenlandscape, think Mad Max but way less on action and plot.The film is too long for what is offered. There is minimal dialogue(which is okay if the screen time is being filled with something worthgetting invested in). That is not the case with this picture. You findit hard to care for the characters who just kill each other and have noreal redeeming qualities. Some of the shots in the film are quite nicebut there is little to no reward sticking through the film. Its nice tosee Jason Momoa in other films; I think he has the look of an actionstar which is why I think he'll do well as Aquaman.The narrative in this film is like the wasteland which this film takesplace: its barren and nothing grows. I still want to see Amirpour'sprevious film because perhaps this was just a risky misfire. Therearen't really any memorable moments or scenes that can detract from thegeneral uninteresting plot development. Maybe others will find some joyout of this but this just wasn't for me.5.5/10