Oh boy, had I the wrong impression of this movie! I thought this wasgonna be some sort of comedy-horror thing.. NOPE. I realize I wasstupid to think that, but hey.So, it actually starts off pretty good. There is some real tension inthe beginning. I was like, yeah, this is gonna be awesome! But man isit down hill from there. After the first minutes, it goes into dramamode and stays there. It does have some qualities, a couple of coollittle details that I really liked. But I'm sorry to say, it was a tadboring. Movies are not supposed to be boring, so that's no good.I don't think it had to be so long, almost 2 hours. You could easilyshave off about 15-20 minutes. I think this movie tries to be a littleartsy. Which it does with long, long scenes, often without dialogue,that drags out, and when they're done you're like.. OK, what was thepoint of that? Some people like that kind of stuff, but I'm not one ofthose people.You would think this was a premise you could do some really cool stuffwith, but most of it is wasted. It's just drama. Drama drama drama. Andsome sand. And of course Aquamans pecs, they are great.There is some trickery with a character that loses an arm, and goes therest of the movie with one arm. It looks OK for the most part, butsince they don't use CGI primarily, the character doesn't move it'sarm, and you see something is off. Had they used CGI in stead, it wouldprobably look a lot better. Goes to show that practical effects aren'talways best. At all. (Probably has something to do with the budget toothough, but if you can't afford to have the effects needed, justrewrite the script dammit) Just every scene, basically, the arm is justplastered to the side of the torso, not moving, and I'm pretty surepeople missing an arm, don't walk around like that.But yeah, all in all it was just too dull. Some of the charactersaren't likable at all, actually that goes for most of the charactersI'd say. We get some scenes of violence, but those are too few, and notthat exciting either. The ending is also kind of annoying, and reallydull.