"Fifty Shades Darker" is a new American film from this year that runsfor a massive 2 hours and 10 minutes in the uncensored version. It isthe sequel of course to "Fifty Shades of Grey" and experiencedfilmmaker James Foley took over here as director and he will alsoreturn in making the final(?) third film. The writer is Niall Leonardand it is surprising to see him in charge of such a prestigious moviescript, but then again maybe they did not get anybody better to adaptthe work by E.L. James as many thought this project was doomed from thevery beginning and the bad literary work cannot be turned into aquality film. But I haven't read the book, so who knows. Anyway, DakotaJohnson and Jamie Dornan return of course playing the centralcharacters and so do some of the others like Oscar winner Marcia GayHarden. But there are also new characters like Kim Basinger's, yepanother Oscar winner. However, the story is a mess. Let me explain mytitle now. For huge parts of the film, nothing was happening at all andthen they rush in gunpoint scenes, plane crashes, marriage proposalsetc. as if there was no tomorrow. Focus and balanced story-telling arecompletely nonexistent.Overall, the film is not a failure, but equally forgettable as thefirst. As a heterosexual male I cannot deny that Johnson is stillpretty gorgeous, even if I had some doubts about it in the first half.But sadly, the film is never on par with her looks. It's the same likethe first film with the two protagonists trying to establish arelationship that satisfies them both with his desire for dominationand her desire for normalcy. And then there are moments when she wantsto be dominated and moments when he is normal, so trouble and conflictare simply inevitable. But these scenes are not enough of a foundationto construct a good film on. And the character writing is alsodisappointing as the ways in which they depict former lovers as evil,potential lovers (the boss) as evil and friends and family as good.Even Mr. Grey has zero shades and the title is a lie. His actions areso predictable for example that he only accepts the men in Ana's lifewho don't pose a danger from the romantic perspective. Then again, ofcourse she wants nobody other than Grey anyway. The film is a kitschymovie with the only difference to romantic garbage films that itdepicts some extremes. But none of it is handled competently and theresult is a very bland 130 minutes you don't want to check out. Clearlya thumbs-down from me. Not recommended.