The author and her husband should have let competent and passionatedirectors and screenwriters do their job because pictures are differentthan a written story. The books were fine; a decent captivating firstperson point of view about a gentle feminine character who findsreciprocated love and connection to someone unexpected. None of thattranslates into the movie. NONE. The female lead comes off as harsh.The binding love is non existent. The current between them, the sensualand carnal love is completely missing. Feels like the movie is onlyloosely based on the books. To top it all, the things the male leadsays and does are simply not in line with his screen character either.He comes off weak, and pathetic, despite Jamie Dornan's attempts tosave the day. The movie as it is makes it look like the actors can'tact. I bet they were in stitches during shooting. Erika Leonard the author of the books made a 1500 pages long pointabout the power of connection between two person. She calls it anelectrifying current that is in a constant flow between them.Everything else stems from there. They cannot resist one another. Theyare a slave of this love, cannot get enough of each other, they adoreeach other. Why is this lost in the screenplay? The screen charactersare just lame. Didn't Mr Leonard get the books? Where is the unbearablepain, with the constantly flowing tears brought on by the profoundgrief of loosing such a love? There is a confusion about the red roomtoo. It should be pretty clear that throughout their relationship itsuse and meaning transfers as in: "We aim to please" for the man. Andcomes in play in terms of pleasure for the girl propelled by theirtrusting and overwhelming love for each other. The books are such asuccess because they portray the binding and transforming power oflove, the palpable connection, the never enough pleasing each other,the overwhelming loveliness of each others company! The charactersreally do care about each other. It is something we all yearn for,appreciate and celebrate, gives meaning to life. Unfortunately it's alllost in the screenplay. FSD gives out mixed messages, dangerouseven.There is a profound problem with almost every scene in the movie.Cudos to Bella Heathcote, she was good. Beside money making thereshould be responsibility in putting novels to screen!