It's kind of amazing that in 2017 a film like this can be called"romance". The character of Christian is creepy, controlling,possessive, immature, narcissistic, and (if we're going off of thefilm's own narrative) emotionally distant and psychologically scarred.BUT because he is unimaginably wealthy, physically attractive, andf**ks well ... eh ... who cares... Ana loves him. The guy is apsychopath: he buys the company where she works because her boss isattracted to her, he knows her bank account (why??), and he keeps afile on her. Come on people, the guy is 2 hairs short of being afreaking serial killer. In what bizarro land is any of this romantic?!?Hot?!? Sexy?!?Let's not even delve into how poorly and shallowly the Dom/Subrelationship is portrayed. Let's skip over the obvious ignorance of theauthor in their understanding and personal experience of BDSM. Let'signore the naiveté it would take to pair an abusive childhood withfetishism and pigeonholing sex where anything outside your basicmissionary position is the realm of the deviant and disturbed. "Onlytortured children grow up to enjoy bondage." Yes, please, let's keeprunning that narrative. So far we're upside down on the dream guy, we've undercut the sexualrevolution we're purporting to encourage and we haven't even gotten tothe worst part: the so-called heroine. Our strong feminine role-modeland the ying to Christian's psychotic yang... Ana. This woman is literally surrounded by creepy dudes. Her "friend"photographs her then displays the prints in galleries without herpermission intending to sell the photos to strangers (gross). Her boss,first is the guy who goes after the girl even after he knows she has aboyfriend (eww) then that devolves to him trying to freaking rape herin the office. And her boyfriend keeps a freaking file on her, breaksinto her house, tries to forbid her from seeing other men, tries tokeep her from working, and hires people to find out every personalthing about her and everyone around her ... oh but she LIKES him sothat makes it all OK. Come on people this is just sick!Ana is constantly needing to be rescued. Anything she achieves isbecause someone else notices her not because she goes after anything.She's annoyingly mousy, indecisive, and plays little girl ... oh butdon't tell her what to do ... because she's not a sub. She tellsChristian to spank her so she's totally in control of the relationship... except that he's manipulating and controlling her the entire time.And we as an audience are supposed to consider her strong. WHAT? Plus she just rips off the line from Working Girl ... did she know shedid that because it seems like she just tried to pass it off as herown. And the rest of the film is like some horrible porn flick withincoherent scenes jumping to more incoherent scenes with excuses forsex scattered every 10 minutes or so just so you're reminded that thisis supposed to be hot. There's no cohesion to any of it. There's randomgutter girl ... Kim Basinger is Christian's Mrs. Robinson ... ahelicopter crashes ... god it's a mess. And on top of ALL of that ...the sex scenes were awful. I thought that was supposed to be the pullof these movies?Please say there won't be a third one of these!