Let me begin this movie review by first explaining how I came to findmyself seated before this total Hollywood double dumpster fire titled"Fifty Shades Darker". Believe it or not I happened to be on a datewith an exceptionally beautiful woman, who evidently beyond beingbeautiful was a very sweet talker because as soon as we finished dinnershe suggested we take in a movie. Sitting in a darkened room beside this rather impressive femalespecimen sounded like a great idea to me so I agreed. I should acknowledge prior to this review I did not see the first movie50 Shades of Grey of which this was a sequel. I do recall hearing a lotof discussion around the book and first movie- but by some act of God'sgrace I had slipped through these first two waves of certain epicdisaster on page and film. Thank you Baby Jesus. However as my date and I, we will call her "Tiffany" studied themarquee it quickly became apparent we had two choices for our timeslot.. Grey, or some movie about robot super heroes in anotherdimension. I attempted to romanticize how there are incalculabledimensions and states as theorized in quantum physics and the excitingand evolving new field of quantum computing. Whereas traditionalcomputing operates on a binary system of 1 and 0, either "on" or "off"as the computing code but in quantum computing it is understood thatinfinite possibilities exist between "off" and "on" at any given momentin time, resulting in tons of possibilities in the same computingspace. To which Tiffany replied to me and the now enthralled ticketclerk- "Two for 50 shades darker please!". So there I sat in the theater as the opening scene of 50 shades darkerunfolds? the heroine (Ana?) of the story is apparently areceptionist/assistant to the boss of some sort of business, I thinkpublishing, but I never could figure out exactly what type of business?which was indicative of this movie as a whole? completely, utterly plotless. Looking for a plot in this movie was about as fruitful for me asOJ looking for the real killer(s). Anyway in the opening scenes sheseems to have somewhat of a normal job and upon arriving home from workfinds a huge bouquet of flowers from Mr. Grey. Evidently Mr. Grey musthave committed some wrongs in the previous movie and the flowers werefor atonement and reconciliation. As it turns out Grey (27) who has the physique of an Olympic athletealso happens to be a multi-billionaire. So obviously the flowers workedfor him and he was back in like Flynn. He mentioned some promise offewer rules and punishments but it didn't matter. We are never told howGrey got in such good physical condition nor how he happened upon 10billion dollars, he is never seen doing any physical work and in onlyone scene did he seem to have some sort of job. But alas almost nothingin this movie was "believable"- Not the least of which was- Why would abillionaire fall in love with this Ana chick? (she seemed to beabsolutely the most boring woman on earth)It was at this time that I made my first trip to the refreshmentcounter, where a few teenage boys were scooping popcorn and slingingTwizzlers. I stood there, alone in a daze just watching them work.Finally one of them realizing what was happening said "Your stuck hereon a date in the 50 shades movie Huh?" I nodded my head. "How muchlonger do I have, I asked?" "Oh it's only been about 12 minutes, youhave plenty to go!" They got a good laugh as I schlepped back into thetheater. Upon returning to my seat I found Tiffany completelycaptivated in the movie, she was hanging on every word. "Thank goodnessyou made it back, they are about to attend a dinner ball" said Tiffany."Swell" I replied. The "dinner ball" turned out to be a masquerade ball (huge plot twist)which excited Tiffany even further. It was at this moment where I beganto practice a secret technique which has been practiced by masters andpassed down for generations. It takes great practice but basically themaster detaches from the material world, first by shifting the mind toa steady state very similar to what an out of body experience would be.Where the mind becomes more of an observer of emotions and simply letsthem pass by. I realized that only through the practice of higherfunctioning techniques would I ever hope to continue to endure theawful acting, story line and total pointlessness of the situation. Thissame technique and skill set would prove beneficial should you everfind yourself being water boarded, subjected to electric- shock tortureor on extended visits with your in-laws. I was abruptly aroused from a state of near nirvana as Tiffany grabbedmy arm in shock at what was occurring on the screen. I am not sure howmuch time had passed since the masquerade ball scene but apparently Mr.Grey was in a steep nose dive in one of his helicopters. To which myfirst thought was Thank you Baby Jesus this movie is about to be over!I watched with glee as the craft plummeted straight down into the talltimber of the Pacific Northwest. But? yep you guessed it, ourbillionaire came out with a slight abrasion on the forehead. I don't really remember how the movie ended, I just remember holdingback tears of joy as the first credits began to roll up the screen. In short? do everything within your power to avoid this movie.