Before I start going reviewing this one: I didn't watched the first onebecause of the enormous negative critiques and the fact that it shedsthe wrong light on real BDSM practices. So the second one I watched,but only because my SO insisted to watch it with me. She read the bookand everything and summarized the story of the first one in 15!seconds.But what then happens is beyond good or evil. There is practically nostory. It is just predictable random scenes cut together to achievemovie length. It is meeting again + kiss, instant sex (becauseotherwise it would have been boring if she would really challenge him),some random party scenes, more boring sex, another scene were hecrashes (he returns like Iron Man asking: What are you doing here? Noteven a facial expression, which marks the peek of bad acting in thismovie and how bad the writing of the dialogues is). + more sex. Thereare so many logical mistakes and the cringe factors, especially of thedialogues lets me give it 2 stars instead of just one. If you have atleast some movie brain you will uncover constantly mistakes made by thedirector, cutter, writer or by the actors. So I got at least someentertainment back by spotting them. Thank god I have a GF which seesits the same and allows me to make jokes throughout the movie otherwiseI would have left after 20 minutes. Finally, watching this with 15 or 16 years depending how it is agerated in your region, I can almost assume that it gives you thepicture/creates a narrative that you have to be a total unromanticspoiled brat to be successful and that this, the way the movie showsit, is the way to treat a women once you have established someconnection to her. I almost would have gone more into political aspectsor social power relations of this movie here but it is not worth mytime and also I guess people are not so interested in this aspectsanyway. Throughout the whole movie I was thinking, it would be worthmore spending the movie time at home cooking a dinner for your SO thanspending money and time on this garbage. The producers should shamethemselves and donate some money to real victims of domestic violenceand cure for drug addiction. P.S. It was my first review here.