At one point in Sam Taylor-Johnson's largely uninteresting, butcoherently put together Fifty Shades of Grey, our anti-hero, ChristianGrey (Jamie Dornan) declares to our protagonist, Anastasia Steele(Dakota Johnson) that he is "fifty shades of f----- up." Quitehonestly, the makers of the Fifty Shades Darker should have just namedit that, as it is one of the worst films I have seen in quite sometime.Before I go off on about what I absolutely detest about the FiftyShades of Grey sequel, I would want to make it very clear that I wasnot a fan of the original film either. If you liked the first film, thechances are that you will find the second film enjoyable, and possiblymore so because it is a little less serious and a little more self-aware. Besides the target audience, however, I would be surprised tosee anyone else finding anything of merit in this absolute abominationof a film.The direction and intention of Fifty Shades Darker from the onset seemso cynical that it really makes me genuinely dislike the film and thepeople involved in it. Fifty Shades of Grey, though extremely boring,had people really trying to make something that is of artistic merit.The cinematography, production design, and lighting of the first film,in particular, were really quite impressive. But with Fifty ShadesDarker, the makers throw that level of effort out of the window becausethey know that the audience is going to come hoarding into the theateranyways. The lighting, for instance, is dimmer in Fifty Shades Darkerthan it was in Fifty Shades of Grey probably just to signify that it isa "darker" film than its predecessor. It has no role to actually playwith the characters or the film's plot or tone. The aesthetics of thefilm, however, are the least of its problems. The director's decisionto give absolutely no attention to the film's screenplay, editing,tone, characters, acting, and dialogue just because it would sufficethe film's fan base (even they deserve better) is the real tragedy ofFifty Shades Darker.The screenplay, editing, performances, and dialogues of this filmborder on the line of being so bad that they are good, but they neverreally crossed that barrier for me. There are about 3 different subplots in the film which get no development at all. The dialogue of thefilm ranges from laughably bad lines like, "I am too dressed," to plainboring and uninspired dialogue. The lead performers, who are prettygood actors in other films, just come off badly in a film that feelslike a film they are doing to get a paycheck. They have no chemistrybecause they have such weakly written characters, and as a result, thesex scenes between them (around which the film is built around) alsobecome incredibly tame and uninteresting. The absolute standout inFifty Shades Darker, however, is an abrupt helicopter crash sequencewhich jumps out of nowhere and makes no sense in terms of the film'sstoryline. It really is as if while filming, Mr. Foley told his writersthat there is no tension in our film guys, let us add some tension. Itis this barrage of awfulness, and carelessness from the filmmakers thatleft me in equal measures bored, annoyed, and angered.I can understand if the filmmakers wanted to approach Fifty ShadesDarker in a more self-aware way, addressing the ridiculousness of thesource material from which the film is adapted. This approach, howeverreally does not mean that the filmmakers do not put any effort inmaking the film. Fifty Shades Darker feels like a product and not afilm, and that is why I absolutely detest it.