(RATING: ?? out of 5) GRADE: C- THIS FILM IS NOT RECOMMENDED IN BRIEF: A trashy and laughable sex yawn.JIM'S REVIEW: Oh, that privileged 1% ! Those filthy rich beautifulpeople in their penthouse apartments and spacious mansions, sippingMoët & Chandon and wearing the finest silks and designer leathers.GRRR! But are they happy? Really happy? Let's strip away their falsefacades...did you say STRIP? Yes, it's time once again for anotherchapter of the rich and famously good-looking Christian Grey (JamieDornan) and his love slave, Anastasia Steele (Dakota Johnson), in parttwo of their pseudo sadomasochistic romance saga...this one entitledFifty Shades Darker.?This film steps into the dark side of love once again, or at leastthat's its soft porn message. Lots of groping, some nudity, very littlereal passion or sexual tension. In this chapter, He wants back withShe, after their previous break-up. He woos and plies her with lavishpresents. She accepts his advances with a minimum of resistance as Heworks his way back into her loins. Sure they have lots of baggage, buttheir supposedly hot sex is insatiable. The Red Room calls. Bring outthe whips, straps, and sexual paraphernalia that can still shock middleAmerica's Puritan values. It's showtime!?Director James Foley and Niall Leonard (a.k.a. E. L. James' husband)are the responsible parties for this misdemeanor. Let's call Mr.Foley's involvement bad judgment on his part. His direction here isadequate at best. As for our screenwriter, it's nice that the James'stry to keep it in the family, but unleashing this trash to the generalpublic should be a criminal act. Fifty Shades Darker wants to be soft core sex fantasy, melodramaticsoap opera, and, in this second chapter, a mystery thriller. Thewafer-thin plot (although there is one this time) involves spurnedformer lovers, unhinged stalkers, and lecherous bosses withquestionable intentions. But all the movie becomes is a hilariouscomedy of errors (mostly due to the cast and filmmakers). It's a realmess, destined for most critic's worst film list of 2017...includingmine. ?The dialog is unintentionally funny, the characters cardboard silly,and the plot absurd.For example, here are some of the verbal exchanges:"I don't know whether to worship at your feet or spank you." "Okay,fine. I will have dinner with you because I am hungry." "You're notsticking those up my butt."Shakespeare needn't worry.The most well defined part of this drool is Mr. Dornan's abs which getquite a workout. His character lacks any dimension unless erect (andthat is never shown and only intimated, of course). As for Ms. Johnson,her ample cleavage and perky breasts share equal screen time and shouldhave star billing status as well. The actress establishes her characteras a series of girlish pouts, wide-eyed ogling, and sensual lip-biting.Both performers are more silly than sexy. These physical fit actorshave done better work in other films, but they did choose fame and analmighty fat check for their involvement in this series, so the blameis partially theirs as well as the filmmakers. However, I will creditthem with some some acting restraint in delivering the banal dialogwith the straightest of poker faces. That must have been the only thinghard on the set. ? Bad acting is also prevalent in the supporting castof characters. Two Oscar winning actresses, Marcia Gay Harden and KimBasinger should have known better. Up and coming actors like EricJohnson, Bella Heathcote, Rita Ora, and Luke Grimes bring some class totheir classless roles. All go the soap opera route, lots of hysteriaand excess.In fact, there are so many ripe displays of excesses, definitely thefault of a woeful script: many stagy sex romps that register 1 on thehot meter, especially that classic steamy shower scene, an elevatortryst that is more laughable than sensual, and a rather silly set pieceinvolving a Venetian styled masquerade ball that is reminiscent ofKubrick's only dud, Eyes Wide Shut, (which is the best advice one cangive to viewing this movie, although it is the filmmakers who shouldreally hide.) ? Fifty Shades Darker is dim indeed. Still planning totake your significant other to this awful movie? Perhaps then I mightsuggest a "safe word" for all film lovers: AVOID!