I'm normally not into films that could be classified as "emotionaldramas", but this movie was really good if you can make it through theopening credits which had me just repeating "WHY... WHY... PLEASE STOPNO!"What I liked about this movie is that the sub plot of her ex husbandsbook could stand alone as it's own movie in terms of the rawentertainment value. I found it extremely disturbing, tense, and reallyjust made me think about how scary it is that this kind of stuffhappens in real life.Some people are just plain evil and I think this movie portrays a lotof what's wrong with the world both in terms of the physical painendured by crime victims and the scarring emotional pain of theirfriends and family. This film ties together the most extreme horrors ofthe world in his book and parallels it with the much more commonemotional traumas like losing the love of your life through a divorce.Although in reality there is obviously a huge difference between yourloved ones being victims of a crime compared to getting a divorce...the point is that your heart may be broken or destroyed either way. Interpreting the exact details of how she feels in the end "could" bequite complicated I suppose, and maybe that's why some people don'tunderstand the movie or they think it's pointless. But to me justwatching the movie the first time everything made perfect sense, I wasnever confused and I never wondered what was the meaning of a certainscene or why was it included. I could be wrong but to me she deeplyregrets losing and hurting the man that loved her so very much, but atthis point it's too late. She is a good person at heart but ultimatelytoo superficial, just like her mother the exact person she never wantedto be. Because of this she was unable to be satisfied in what she nowrealizes was the man she truly loved. She changed her life in a waythat brought her great monetary success, but she lost the one who trulyloved her and was happy to be with her (unlike her current husband).She will have to live with her mistakes, psychologically isolated andforever unhappy just like her ex husband. Realizing the future ahead ofher and the finality of the damage she had done made her extremely sadwhich can be seen in the last close up of her face.I believe she wants to reach out to her ex husband and try to somehowmake things better but now she knows she'll never get the chance. Idon't believe that her ex husband wanted revenge on her by sending herthe book, he probably just wanted her to finally like his work. All heever wanted was for her to believe in him as a writer the way hebelieved in her as an artist. It seems very clear to me that he stillloves her... the problem is that by this point he is so permanentlydamaged that it is hopeless for them to be together even if he finallywrote a (assumed) successful book. That is the irony, it took herdestroying his heart for him to be able to create a story powerfulenough for her to see his worth as a writer and fulfill herrequirements as a partner(someone successful). The revenge was selfinflicted and inevitable for both of them, for him he is so broken hecan't even summon the courage to see her again, for her she can't findhappiness no matter what she does and realizes that he is gone forever.