Amy Adams, art gallery owner, receives a proof of manuscript of herex-husband Edward and an invitation for dinner during Edward's upcomingvisit to Los Angeles. Amy is in a deteriorating second marriage to anunfaithful, so she becomes consumed by Edward's novel that is dedicatedto her. The film switches to a teleplay of Edward's novel. Tony, apeaceful man, during a road trip through West Texas with his wife anddaughter, accidentally rearends three rural redneck 20-somethings ? andthe self involved brat daughter stupidly flips the bird at them ? thedirtbags force Tony, his wife and daughter in their late model Mercedesoff the road, flattens their tire, beats Tony molests his wife anddaughter. Then kidnaps his wife and daughter and leaves him with Lou,one of the young rednecks. He makes Lou drive the rednecks car to theend of a dirt road where he gets away. Tony manages to evade them goesto a dingy farmhouse and calls the police. With a detective, Tony,discovers the bodies of his mutilated, dead wife and daughter in thewilderness, raped and murdered. Tony is beyond pain feeling guilty fornot protecting them. A year later he's asked to identify one of therednecks, who is charged as an accomplice in the murders. The other onewas fatally shot in a botched robbery, and the last one is brought tojustice, but ultimately released due to circumstantial evidence. Facedwith terminal lung cancer, the detective, with Tony's help, takesmatters into his own hands and abducts the dirtbags and shoots one ofthem, but the other one gets away. Then Tony tracks him down on his ownto the shack where his wife and daughter were killed and the dirtbagadmits to raping and murdering Tony's wife and daughter, calling himweak. So he shoots and kills him, but is blinded when the dirtbag hitshim on the head with an iron bar. Tony stumbles outside, succumbing toto a brain hemorrhage, and dies after falling on his gun, shootinghimself in the stomach.Now back in the real world, Amy Adams is so shocked by the raw emotionof her ex husband's new novel, reminisces about meeting him in collegeand falling for him, but (done better by Ryan Godling and RachelMcAdams in 2004 The Notebook) Amy's domineering mother objects to him,claiming that he's unworthy of Amy's affections and that he's tooromantic and worldly, lacking the drive to actually achieve his goalsShe ignores her mother and ultimately marries Edward.Of course, She has a troubled marriage with Edward, who cannot handleher frustration with his fledgling career and her dismissive attitudetowards his literary aspirations, and so she cheats on him with anotherman ultimately divorcing Edward to marry the man. Edward attempts torepair their relationship, but ultimately cuts the cord with Amy whenhe learns she's pregnant with his child but secretly had an abortion toensure the divorce would proceed. So, after reading Edward's new novelshe arranges a meeting with Edward at a restaurant, but Edward doesn'tshow up, as he stand's her up for revenge. So she realizes he's a goodwriter after all and she's stuck in a sham and unhappy with her life.Michael Shannon (pre General Zod in Man of Steel) is incredible as aterminally ill Texas detective. And Prince of Persia Jake Gyllenhaal isway better than anything I've seen him in lately - thank Jesus heshaved off the gross facial hair for the flashbacks. And Amy Adamsplays typical lovelorn damsel as always. But I realize Tom Ford livesin this luxurious world of Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent, with beautifulfaces and bodies. But its no excuse to occasionally throw in pointlessgratuitous nudity - Jake in steamy shower scenes and Aaron TaylorJohnson outside on a toilet. I'll still be grateful for Tom Ford's ASingle Man. Amazing how Nocturnal Animals is his next film 7 yearslater.