The first few minutes were great - why didn't Ford just keep going? Hecould have made a totally absurdist/surrealist film that might haveworked! There were hints of such a film here and there - the guysitting on the toilet outdoors, the ridiculous dress that looked likethe main component was electrical tape, etc. If you want to "challenge"the audience, that would be one way to do it. As it stands, I don'tknow what he was trying to accomplish here.Another film that featured a novel being read is the little-known pieceof soft-core Eurotrash called "Honey"/"Miele di donna" (1981), andwhile that didn't work either, one could easily figure out how it wouldhave been a lot better. There were also bits and pieces that did workor at least were satisfying on some level. By contrast, I don't want tothink about "Nocturnal Animals" any more - in fact, I was bored while Iwas watching it! The only thing one could do here, in my opinion, is togo into total absurdism - just present one bizarre scene after another,in a Felliniesque way.The reason why this film fails so badly is because it's clear that theAmy Adams character feels so deeply about the story she is reading isbecause she pictures her ex-lover as the main character. Now thatcertainly makes sense for her, but not for the audience, leading toboredom (because we think of the novel as simply fiction in thiscontext) and in some cases outright comedy (the novel is sort of like"Dirty Harry"/"Death Wish" but with an unhappy ending, so it's notexactly special in any significant way). So we are left with a womanwho "has it all" but decides that being among the "1" leaves somethingto be desired. Perhaps the next Ford film can be about Americans whodon't have health insurance, if the new President gets his wish - atleast I could feel sympathy for those people, even those who stupidlyvoted against their own self-interests. And the glowing reviews for this remind me to never trust "professionalreviewers." Remember "Eyes Wide Shut?" Remember the glowing reviews forthat one? That was worse than this film! And what about Woody Allen'srecent films? We are living in "world turned upside down" times, withmore people believing "fake facts" than obviously real ones, it seems(and opera singers who can't sing their roles, "reality TV" shows thatclearly don't reflect reality, etc.). And that is when absurdism isneeded most. Tom, call me if you want some help with your next film.You don't have to pay me or give me credit - I just want to see onedirector do something that speaks to the times. I think you are someonewho can do that, but you appear to be too concerned about impressingthe "special people."