With a sudden thump on the window a wild bird is stunned. It is reducedto a heap of feathers and a barely beating heart. Through fantasticimagery, talented and stylish actors at the top of their game, anamazing and fastidious director, and an enthralling and thrillingstory, the characters in the film go through transformations similar tothat of the dazed bird. So did I. The film resonated deeply with me. "Ijust can't do this anymore." I was shocked with this line that was saidto me in the same situation and manner.Despite her wealth and ownership of a Los Angeles art gallery, Susan(Amy Adams) is troubled by the absences and indifference of herhusband. She unexpectedly receives a manuscript from Tony (JakeGyllenhaal), her long estranged ex-husband. Passages from themanuscript contain eerie parallels to her past and present life.Reality is strangely infused into the story line. As Susan reads,memories and emotions come flooding back. She struggled withunhappiness then. Despite significant life changes, she still struggleswith it. She let go of a good man, yet maybe because she needed to.This is what she tells herself. In Ford's stellar and meticulously made film, even side conversationshave substance and pictures on walls are connected to the story line.Certain scenes alone make the film worth watching. This includes anunorthodox interrogation by actor Michael Shannon. Shannon is extremelyruthless and convincing. Laura Linney appears as Susan's mother. She iseven more brutal, in her own way, than Shannon. In a separate flashbackscene, where all that is heard is a heartbeat, I was spellbound. Theunexpected ending, the even more surprising opening, the twists andturns, and depth of the film, thrilled and delighted me. Tom Ford'sbackground in the design industry is apparent in the spectacularlighting, stylish clothes and sophisticated dialogue. In the secondshowing of the film in North America, Ford received a standing ovation.I stood too. I loved listening to him talk and teasing people in thefront row for distracting him with their cell phone cameras. His theme;do not let go of love if and when you find it. Seen at the TorontoInternational Film Festival.