Tom Ford's Nocturnal Animals (2016) opens with a sequence that has beenattacked for being disgusting, demeaning, misogynist and irrelevant.The sequence features a number of obese women provocatively dancingnude, which turns out to be part of an exhibition put on in an artgallery owned by Susan Morrow (Amy Adams). I just can't help but wonderwhether viewers would have had the same reaction if the dancing modelswere slim SuperBarbies or six-packed young men. Just wondering.The sequence is shocking, and it sets the entire tone of the filmbecause it unveils the stark discrepancy between reality and ourindividual perception of what reality is ? a kernel component of thestory.We then follow the extremely classy Susan to the coldness of herprodigal house and get to know her dashingly handsome, and equallydistant, husband Hutton (conveniently played by Armie Hammer). Susanreceives the manuscript of a new novel written by her ex-husband EdwardSheffield (Jake Gyllenhaal) whom she hasn't seen in years. She decidesto occupy her sleepless nights reading the book which, according toEdward's note, is inspired by and dedicated to her. Here, the diegeticnarrative unfolds into other two story lines treading two differentpaths: fictional and chronological. As Susan reads the emotionallydevastating story about Tony Hastings (also played by Gyllenhaal) whotakes his family on a trip that ends tragically with the rape andmurder of his wife and daughter, she helplessly reminisces about herself-sabotaged relationship with Edward.It's a no-brainer figuring out that Edward's novel is an allegory ofthe emotional turmoil caused by Susan who had aborted his child and runoff with a wealthier and worldlier man. In the end, Tony takes revengeon the men who killed his family, and Edward? well, he doesn't exactlykill Susan, but he does something similar: He stands her up at arestaurant. Yes. That's it. I know how absurd the comparison may soundbut please bear with me.Edward is a writer. He is wired to creatively put himself and hisemotions on the line and transform his reality into art. Susan, on theother hand, who married Edward solely to rebel against her parents'selective lifestyle, willingly traps herself and limits her emotions tothe reality of a rigid, materialistic world. It is hard to miss how theblue and white colors dominate the scenes in which Susan is on screen,whereas red and green are the main colors in Edward's story. They bothstand in contrast to each other, yet visually negotiate the relationbetween reality and fiction.. what it is and what it feels like.Edward's payback is epic by all means; just as Susan had pumped realityinto his art by providing him with the painful experience and memories,he has contaminated her fragile, dry reality with his emotionallypowerful art. By making Susan read his novel, allowing her the pleasureto suffer and catharize her sense of guilt, offering her a glimpse ofsentimental freedom, and getting her hopes up about loving and beingloved only to crush them down is just as harsh as a bullet to thebrain.Tony had a gun. Edward had a story.Tony, Edward's metafictional persona, is blinded after shooting thederanged murderer Ray (a wickedly excellent performance from AaronTaylor-Johnson) and accidentally ? or not! ? kills himself. The sceneis ostentatiously grotesque if we think about it in realistic/Susan'sterms. However, it perfectly resonates with Edward's pain and hiscreative attempts to emotionally strip in front of everyone ? an actvirtually similar to suicide.And if you think that the novel is an exaggerated expression of arelatively less painful hardship, add the film itself as anothernon-diegetic layer of artistic exaggeration of a seemingly humdrumexperience. Ford brilliantly embraces and manifests art as a lavishexaggeration of the mundane; this is not only evident in the story butin his picturesque style and rakish colors and frames as well.Nocturnal Animals is a Charlie Kaufman-esque film with the flamboyantsensitivity of Tom Ford.The film features an outstanding cast who don't shy away from flauntingtheir admirable talents around. And still, the effortless greatness ofMichael Shannon who plays Bobby Andes, the hard-boiled detective whohelps Tony find the murderers, has left me in awe.Here comes another film from screenwriter and director Tom Ford, andalong comes another sea-parting controversy over his competence as afilmmaker. À la the hassle that followed A Single Man (2009), criticsand viewers alike are quite unsure what to make of Mr. Ford's work:Should he be banished back to the flamboyant world of fashion design?Should he be hailed as a stylishly exuberant auteur? Whichever stancepeople take, the only thing that annoys me is the insistence on usingFord's renowned career in fashion against him. The sensibilitiesemployed to create fashion and visual art in general are extravagant,but isn't cinema all about the extravagant symbolism of the image?