I agree with a lot of people here who say this movie is undoubtedly oneof the best looking movies of the year. It's probably no surprisecoming from a director like Tom Ford, who was a fashion designer forGucci before chasing filmmaking. This movie looks like a Gucci ad forthe majority of its runtime and it's hard to fault him for having animpeccable attention to detail. Whether it's a closeup of Amy Adams'face or a wide shot of a deserted landscape, Ford certainly has a hellof an eye for a shot.It's too bad that that's all there is to this movie. If this film weremade by a less talented director, it would probably be a LifetimeChannel movie, and for most of the duration it feels like one; oneartfully directed Lifetime Channel movie with masterful acting, buteven still, Lifetime-tier. It's a shame that such a talented castcouldn't help elevate this film above its mediocre script. There aresome deviations from the norm, like the main character being rich andbeing the owner of an art gallery she doesn't care for (which I'lladmit I found to be an interesting dynamic), rich and still having agood relationship with her ex husband (ish), there's a few more butthat's the few I can name off the top of my head.Lots of people are claiming that this film is one complex masterpieceor whatever, but they couldn't be more wrong if they tried. The wholefilm is a metaphor for how awful divorce is, and problem is, it's soeasy to tell, and it's all the movie has to exist on aside from a goodperformance from Amy Adams. It's clear from the fact that JakeGyllenhaal plays both Edward (the ex husband) and Tony. Hell, theoriginal book this film is based on is called "Tony and Susan". Susanbasically reads this graphic and violent metaphor for how apparentlyhorrible she is and feels bad about it. The metaphor is onlycommunicated through the movie-within-the-movie to the point where themovie's actual plot is literally just... Amy Adams reading a book for 2hours and feeling bad. That is literally her whole character arc. Shereads a book and she feels bad. There is literally a scene where shelooks at a live video on a co-worker's iPhone only to see the characterin the novel that is supposed to be her jump at the camera lens. It'sabout as subtle as a brick to the face.Not just that but the film handles how apparently horrible she is socallously. In the book, the plot is that Tony lost his family when aman and his deranged friend captured them and raped and killed them. Souh... what did she do to "rape and kill" whatever he had? Oh right, shehad an abortion. Because heaven forbid a woman should choose whether ornot she wants to keep a child from a man she's no longer with. And whathappens after she gets the abortion? If you guessed "she feels bad",congratulations, feel free to take a cookie. Seriously, I'm no feministadvocate or whatever, but the treatment of women in this film is socallous it's beyond belief. We get it, divorce is tough. We don't needa violent perfume ad disguised as a movie to remind us of that.When all is said and done, Nocturnal Animals is basically just a prettylooking A-list student film that thinks it's more clever than it reallyis. If this didn't have a master of aesthetic directing it, it wouldbasically have just ended up as the Lifetime Network movie of the weekit probably should have been. It's not offensively bad, it's justgorgeous mediocrity and a weak metaphor carrying a movie on fumes. It'slike a bag of chips that's 80% air passing itself off as a full meal.