Susan Morrow is a successful gallery owner. She is married tobusinessman Hutton Morrow, who is constantly travelling. She receives amanuscript of a novel, Nocturnal Animals, written by her first husband,Edward Sheffield. The gritty content of the novel strikes a chord withSusan and she starts to remember the times she and Edward had together.While this draws her closer to him, there are unresolved issues betweenthe two.Intriguing movie that operates on two levels. There's the relationshipdrama involving Susan and Edward and the crime drama in the novel. Thenovel becomes the story-within-a-story, with, cleverly, Jake Gyllenhaalas the link between the two. Having Amy Adams play Susan and IslaFisher the lead female character in the dramatisation of the novel isalso a masterstroke, due to them looking so alike. (I only realisedthat it was Isla Fisher once I saw the credits. I had to go back to herscenes to confirm it was her, I was so convinced the character wasplayed by Amy Adams).Unfortunately, the two levels are not created equal. I found myself farmore interested in the novel's story than the main story. The novel wasunflinchingly gritty and included a good revenge plot and theme. Themain story was interesting only for the Susan-Edward backstory, anddidn't really progress much, feeling more like wrapping around thenovel story, without contributing much itself.There was still heaps of potential for both stories and the movie as awhole though, but the conclusion is a bit of a let-down. The novel endsin strange, contrived-feeling, fashion. The main story and movie endsquite flat. I'm a veteran of many anticlimactic endings, so very littletends to surprise me, but I was genuinely surprised when the closingcredits started to roll. I thought "That can't possibly be it". But itwas.A more profound tying together of the two stories and a punchy ending(to both) and Nocturnal Animals would have been superb.This said, there is still a lot to be admired about the movie. Thenovel story was done well and was helped by great performances fromMichael Shannon and Jake Gyllenhaal. Shannon received a Best SupportingActor Oscar nomination for his effort. In addition, the Susan-Edwardbackstory was interesting.