I really liked the idea of this film. Susan is an art gallery owner,married to someone who mom would have approved of, but it seems to methat Susan isn't happy. Besides that he is cheating on her and sheknows it. She receives a manuscript from her first husband, who shedivorced because she needed "stability", which came across to me asmeaning he, Edward couldn't produce books that sold. She didn't believein his writing ability.Oh and add the fact that she is cheating on himwith her future cheating husband, Hutton. Edward's book is about a mannamed Tony who runs into some idiots on a lonely stretch of road, whorun him off the road; eventually these men drive off with his wife anddaughter. I need to note here that both the wife and daughter have redhair. There are flashbacks,snippets, that give the viewer a moreintimate look at Susan and Edward. I was especially shocked to find outthat Susan aborted Edward's baby and it is Hutton in the car drivingher home after the procedure. When Hutton tells her it was the rightthing, Susan ominously says something about regretting it, or payingfor it; I cant remember. It's the scene is important to the movie atthe end! Susan is really drawn to the book; it haunts her while she'sreading and when she puts it down. It's good and she begins to regretwhat she did to Edward. It becomes clear that she still has feeling forhim, or she may just think she does because her current marriage is sobad right now. When Susan gets to the part of the book where the twowomen are found dead, it upsets her and she calls her daughter(Hutton's daughter) and the viewer then finds out that not only isSusan red- headed, but so is her daughter. It's here when I realizedthat Edward was playing games with Susan. He's even dedicated the bookto her. The scenes where Susan is reading and we get to watch the bookcome to life was such a cool idea, but something was lacking for me andI can't put my finger on it. When Susan gets an email from Edwardasking her to meet him at a restaurant, I knew he was going to standher up and it was all part of his revenge. But like my summary says, itwas anti-climatic. I had long ago lost any kind of connection to Edwardand because Amy Adams's played Susan so unemotional, I didn't feel badfor her as she sat at the table waiting.