Fashion Designer and Film Director Tom Ford premiered his new film,Nocturnal Animals, at the Sala Grande Theater during the 73rd VeniceInternational Film Festival. Nocturnal Animals received this year'sSilver Lion ? Grand Jury Prize (generally considered runner-up to theGolden Lion ? Best Film). This was Ford's second feature film. Hisfirst film was the critically acclaimed, A Single Man (2009) starringColin Firth. Firth receiving an Oscar nomination for Best Performanceby an Actor in a Leading Role for his efforts.Nocturnal Animals is a tale of redemption, revenge, love and cruelty.Ford opens the film with a strong musical score to reveal rotund,morbidly obese girls dancing topless upon pedestals seeminglypretending to be debutantes. Adding to the fanfare special effectconfetti drops down and through the frame. All-American girlsshowcasing their goods and talents. Bordering on the macabre, the tonefor the film has been set.Hollywood A-lister Amy Adams plays a real-life West Texas debutante,Susan Morrow, who lives an unfulfilling life of daunting privilege withher handsome husband, Hutton Morrow, played by Armie Hammer. As Huttonprepares for yet another last-minute weekend high-finance businessmeeting in New York relationship fissures widen. A pensive Susanreflects on the state of her union with Hutton after a'not-so-discreet' phone conversation from Hutton's elevator as he isarriving at a penthouse suite amid feminine gaiety as she opens aplain, white, mail shipping box. Susan opens the box to a black andwhite manuscript titled, "Nocturnal Animals," by Edward Sheffield,Susan's former husband and first true love.In dramatic fashion, Ford begins a journey into the past yet groundedin the present as the manuscript opens up a world fictional, yet etchedwithin Susan's consciousness. Using parallel story lines, present andfictional coupled with flashbacks to when Edward and Susan first metand the ensuing courtship and short-lived marriage. Laura Linney, playsSusan's West Texas Republican mother, and delivers some of the film'smore memorable lines during a martini lunch where she unleasheslambasting Susan for even considering a marriage to "weak' Edward.Notwithstanding, however, the real storytelling takes place within thepages of the manuscript. Self-reflective and dramatic the narrative isfull of conflict and escalating tensions as a husband and wife, Tonyand Laura Hastings, played respectively by Jake Gyllenhaal and IslaFisher, travel at night across rural West Texas with their teenagedaughter, India, played by Ellie Bamber. Without even as much as a litbillboard, out of a pitch dark blackness a vehicle approaches thefamily's suburban mid-sized car at a high-rate of speed. The car isdriven erratically and its occupants are behaving wildly as they pass.Not too much to worry about until they decide to force the Hastings caroff the road. Mayhem ensues as the hellions carjack the Hastingsvehicle with the women inside leaving Tony on the side of the road inthe dark by his lonesome. Soon a vehicle returns to pick up Tony. He'sinformed he gang leader wants to make amends and that Laura and Indiawant Tony brought to where they are being held hostage. Fearing theworst Tony manages to escape and eventually makes his way to a lawenforcement office to make an abduction/missing persons report tolawman Bobby Andes, played by Michael Shannon. Susan is shocked andawed at the power of Edward's writing and the visceral strength ofEdward's character, Tony. By the end of the manuscript, Susan's lifeperspective has shifted as she and Edward make plans to meet.Unquestionably, Ford delivers an emotional and psychological thrillerwith Nocturnal Animals. Superb acting, exquisite production values andstrong storytelling are the film's hallmarks. Shane Valentino (StraightOutta Compton) handled the film's production design. Seamus McGarvey(Godzilla, Atonement, The Avengers) provided the cinematography.Costuming was assembled by Arianne Phillips (Kingsman: The SecretService, Walk The Line, 3:10 To Yuma). Abel Korzeniowski (A Single Man,We) orchestrated the music. Along with directing Ford takes ascreenplay writing credit along with Austin Wright, the author of "Tonyand Susan," for writing the novel the film is based on. Nevertheless,the Casting Director, Francine Maisler (The Revenant, Birdman, The BigShort, 12 Years a Slave) and performances by the actors are above andbeyond. This is a Don't Miss film waiting for Academy of MotionPictures Arts and Sciences nominations - The Oscars.