That's some terrifying stuff right there! Fashion designer Tom Ford haswritten and directed his second movie, a multifaceted revenge thrillerwhich is even better than his first, 2009's "A Single Man".Both are visually stylish, of course, which is expected from fashionguru, both have interesting premise and good actors, and both have thiscold, unsettling atmosphere which tries to keep the viewer at somedistance.In short, Ford has managed to take everything good from his solid debutproject and bring it to the next level with "Nocturnal Animals". It'smore lively, gripping, effortlessly cool and deeper. There are two stories, interwined in a way which may make viewerswonder whether it's real or imagined by the character. But it isambiguous in a best possible way, not trying to f--k with our minds andthen leave us hanging.An unhappily married woman (Amy Adams) thinks she wants his firsthusband (Jake Gyllenhaal) back. And she reads his novel, a violentthriller, which seems like a revenge tale. And then things get more,er, complex.On-screen events are exciting already but Ford the writer turns outsurprisingly skillful at making it even varied, without getting stuckor losing steam, or letting us think that we know where all this endsup. He even playfully takes jabs at his main fashion job and thelifestyle and personal sacrifices that come with it. And the whole result really makes you feel something for thecharacters, unlike many of the thrillers that only manage to arouse theviewer during their best bits.It's not mostly about Adams and Gyllenhaal. There is a number ofsmaller but important characters and cool performances. We have MichaelShannon, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Isla Fisher, Armie Hammer, MichaelSheen, Laura Linney.The cast is good enough reason to watch it. Everybody adds somethingworthwhile to the experience, even Sheen and Fisher and especiallyLinney who all have rather small roles used to move the story along. Shannon brings his usual magnetic mix of cool and creepy. Gyllenhaalmanages to move between having balls and ball-less state withoutturning unbelievable or too heroic. Taylor-Johnson as the bad guy evengot a Golden Globe for his work (the only one for the movie althoughTom Ford got nominated for both best movie / drama and adaptedscreenplay). He really deserves it, he is evil at its most subtle anddelicious. Delicious to watch, I mean.But I am especially happy about Amy Adams who is often used in themovies as just a pretty face or supporting woman. In 2016, she has hadtwo strong roles, in a thinking man's sci-fi "Arrival", and now this. Her screen time may be limited but she surely makes the most of it,captivatingly playing out both worlds that the character has hidinginside her. I believed her both as a lively young woman and the jadedolder one that's missing all the ideals that she had decided to throwaway long time ago.Based on a novel by Austin Wright which Ford wanted to adapt into twomovies initially, one true to original, the other not so much. I am notsure which way he chose ultimately but what a ride, eh?PS No, I am not giving 9 out of 10 to every movie I watch from now on.The last three have been just some of 2016's best of the best.