This review of Everything, Everything is spoiler free*** (3/5)YOU CAN SEE the appeal for Hollywood to star young pretty actors tostar as people with a terminal illness. Think Me and Earl and the DyingGirl or The Fault In Our Stars and in its roots it's definitelyeffective. So it's really no surprise that young, pretty people areused for the adaptation of Nicola Yoon's best selling YA novellaEverything, Everything. A story about a smart, inspirational18-year-old girl who is diagnosed with Severe Combined Immunodeficiency(SCID), a rare immunity disease which basically states that she cannotventure outside her house until a boy moves next door and the two fallin love. Of course the irresistible leads help too. There's Madeline played by Amandla Stanberg (The Hunger Games) andsecondly there's Olly played Nick Robinson (The Fifth Wave) - these twoare fantastic together sharing incredible chemistry and stunningperformances. Madeline is a charming, beautiful young woman who livesher whole life in the pages of her books, she loves building models andimagines living her life outside the locks and the protection of herhome. Olly is a handsome young man, who convinces her that she isn'tliving a life and helps her come out of her shell. They firstcommunicate via email they dream of meeting face to face, but theproblems that face her is that she cannot venture out her doorotherwise she becomes ill. It's essentially a more entertaining, gender-reversed version of TheBoy In The Plastic Bubble and for a while it works, there is stunningnarration between the two leads, shining moments in the imagination ofMadeline and beautiful cinematography which shows the bright, vibrantworld beyond her window. In addition the film thrives in theirresistible chemistry of the two leads. And they get incrediblesupporting help too, from Anika Noni Rose who plays Madeline's motherand Ana de la Raguira who plays her trusting nurse. However, for all the praises and expertly crafted beautiful workmanshipthere are flaws, particularly in the storytelling; in some places thefilm has gaps of plot which are left unconvincing. Also the scriptsthat are given to narrate is often trite which begs for a re-write. Andsadly in the third act some of the material is left rubbery andpredictable. As there are a few swimming scenes that bounce aroundrepetitively which unfortunately leaves the material perhaps beggingfor a re-hash. Sure enough, Everything, Everything isn't perfect by along shot but the film succeeds with its impeccable characterization,stunning storytelling and fantastic performances which in turn makemuch needed amends to the flaws and help it score high.VERDICT: A muddled yet charming, well-acted and fun YA adaptation whichdespite the drops, scores quite high in the teenage girl's film market.