21 May 2017: I have been a fan of talented young Biracial actress,Amandla Stenberg since seeing her in the film "Colombiana" 2011 andthen I met her with her mother in June 2014 at the Mixed raceMultiracial festival in Los Angeles. She is very nice and charming.I see and support All Interracial Love stories between men and womensuch as "The Lovings", "Something New", "Guess Who", "Zebra Head" andmy all time favorite, "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" 1967.Anyhoo, "Everything~Everything" is a beautiful young Interracial Lovestory, a film for all ages from teens to seniors. At first is was sadthat a young girl whose whole adult life is locked inside of her homebelieving that if she steps outside in the real world, she could die. Anote to point out is that I like the fact that Maddie's parents in thefamily photo is also exactly like Amandla's real life parents. Prior toseeing the family photo, I assumed that she was just playing a youngAfrican American girl, but not Biracial.Then comes in her young prince charming actor, Nick Robinson as Ollywho lives in the home across from her. The slow contact between thembuild to what we are all hoping for is that they will get to at somepoint actually see each other face to face and thanks to Mexicantelenovela {soap opera} actress, Ana de Reguera that I watched in theMexican soap opera "Gitanas" 2004, the young lovers finally meet faceto face much to the chagrin anger of Maddie's mother when she findsout.After e-mailing, texting and meeting in their windows, Ana as Carlafinally lets Olly inside to meet Maddie. There is an instant sweetinnocent attraction between the two of them (sort of like Brooke Shieldfirst encounter in the film "Blue Lagoon" many years ago.Knowing that she could die anytime, I like that she realizes that beinglocked up in a prison of her home is Not really living at all and sheis willing to risk it all for the chance to go outside with Olly andtake the risk of going as far as Hawaii, knowing that her mother wholoves her and only has her best interest at heart, but what laterappears to have been a lie to keep her daughter locked inside for fearof losing her. Maddie risk it all to experience Love of life and her first true loveexperience. In the words of Andy Dufrasne "Get Busy Living or Get BusyDying." Maddie gets busy living. I love when he tells her that he lovesher, but her reply to him sort of reminds me of the words on HolyBible, "God loved us before we were formed in our mothers womb." Shesays, I loved you before I knew you. That is really beautiful. The lovescene in Hawaii is beautiful, tastefully done and does not seem forced.In fact, she is the more aggressive person between them.We, the audience knew that at some point a big scare has to happen tofind out if she would live or die and that happens to her while she isin Hawaii. Thanks to the nurse in Hawaii finally making young Maddierealize that she does Not have a rare illness at all, but her mom hasbeen lying to her to keep her locked inside out of fear of losing heronly because of a allergy or something that she has, but not a rareillness that will kill her.We also find out that Maddie makes Olly happy not only because he lovesher, but also it give him a chance to escape his abusive father whobeats him and his mother, but that is Not really shown much here. Onlyone exterior scene show a physical confrontation between Olly and dad.I liked a lot of things about this film. 1. A good film that nevermentions the racial differences between the two. Just two peoplefalling in love. True Love sees No skin color and that is the way itshould be. 2. When we finally see the love scene with them in Hawaii,it is very nice and tastefully done, no degrading women with upper bodyor lower body nudity. 3. No profanity. 4. No violence on women oranyone. On a scale of 1-10, I give it a 9 and two thumbs up.