I'm obviously not the target audience, but I'm going to comment anywaybecause my 11-year old daughter made me watch this. This is the mostaesthetically fake film I've ever seen. And that includes CGI superheromovies. Everything about this movie is lovelorn teen fetish. It dripswith fastidious art direction and makes it impossible to suspenddisbelief.Nobody lives in this fantasy world. So how can I believe in the story?In houses, hotels and even a surf shop, not a single object is out ofplace. Everything glows with a fake sheen of perfection. Teeth areperfectly white, clothes impossibly pressed, hair in perfect order.It's awful. A team of art directors and set designers run amok. It'sawful and represents the worst of our Instagram filtered society whereeveryone's outfit is glamorous, every vacation is a dreamland.Then, there are the characters. The central character is perfect inevery way. Not a single character flaw. Not one. Other than her desireto break out of the nest, she's the 'THAT'S ME!' for every pre-teengirl in America. Living the dream, though your disease won't let you.But hey! Willpower trumps biology in this Disney-esque fantasy.And, let's not forget the overbearing mother. Too heavy handed. Hertragedy is very raw and she can't lose another loved one. I get it. Butshe wasn't sympathetic. Just strict and mean.Lastly, there's the boyfriend. AWWWW. Isn't he so perfect? Sweet, caresabout me on the inside (helps that I'm a knockout with a killer bod,but what evs)! He's ironic and emo. Wears black. He's so deep. Patient.Romantic. Whip-smart. Caring. He's as fake as the set direction andwhole visual look of the film.A generation ago, teenage girls swooned to a hunky boy with a redPorsche who bypassed the prettiest girl in school for a freckly,flatchested dork. For her 16th birthday, he stopped by and they sat ontop of a table and lit a birthday cake. And he was so dreamy andperfect. Not like all those other loud, smelly boys who like sex andsports. Ugh.Like I told ya, this movie wasn't for me. I could watch Victoria, Icould even watch Cinderella. I liked 16 Candles too. But this... ugh.Nothing but Hallmark Channel Lovelorn Teen Girl Porn. Skip it, unlessyour daughter makes you watch it.