Your Name, also known as Kimi no na wa, is an anime film is directed byMakoto Shinkai and it is based on the book written by Shinkai. It tellsthe story of a boy named Taki, a high school boy who lives in Tokyo whoout of some bizarre miracle, begins switching bodies repeatedly with ahigh school girl named Mitsuha who lives out in the country. The twolearn about one another through various hi- jinks and need to find away to pair up and stop something from happening.The movie was English dubbed by Funimation and came to select theatersin North America for a week and I have been dying to see this afterhearing about all the buzz regarding it, and I'm not going to lie, thiswas one of my most anticipated films of the year. So, how did I feelabout the movie after seeing it? If you couldn't guess by the rating, Iloved it!The movie was incredibly engaging and I was on the edge of my seatthroughout the entire film. The story is simply immersive, with manysurprising twists and turns along the way that can really bring youinto the experience. The mystery of the movie is an element that reallydrew me in, and it lead to me thinking of some questions thateventually got answered as the movie pressed on. The movie is veryemotional with many scenes that will send you The interaction betweenour two leads Taki and Mitsuha is definitely strange to say the least,but in a good way, even if their interactions are awkward. I'm justgoing to leave the explanation regarding the story and characters offright here because it's hard for me not to review this particular filmwithout talking about the film in-depth.The animation is fantastic to look at as well. The designs for the backgrounds in particular really gave me a feel for what the city in thecountry looks like as well as what Tokyo looks like. The CGI does asurprisingly good job at blending in with the traditional animation.Even the movements of the characters look natural, as well as theenvironments. Even though the art style is no new anime art style, itstill is a very well polished one. During one scene, the art style goesthrough a major change that would last for a few minutes and personallyI loved the change. I loved the vocal songs that were featured in themovie. As someone who isn't a fan of modern music, I found them quiterefreshing, even if they are just English dubbed.Your Name is simply a fantastic movie experience regardless of whetheryou're an anime fan or not. It's really easy to see why it gainedcritical acclaim in Japan and multiple awards. The story is incrediblygripping and our two lead characters are both very interesting and verylikable. The animation is beautiful from start to finish and the vocalsongs felt refreshing. I'll be honest, it was very hard to find alegitimate flaw with the movie. However, if I do have one legitimatecriticism towards the film, it's that the film starts off pretty slowlyand is not as engaging as it is later on. However, I can afford toforget about that since it didn't bother me that much. While it's intheaters for a limited amount of time, go see it. This film has to beseen to be believed.If I could make a recommendation however, I do think the movie is moresuitable to older audiences in spite of the PG rating. I wouldn'trecommend the movie to those under the age of 10 due to some suggestivethemes that might not be appropriate for audiences under that age. Ifyou do plan to bring kids under the age limit, make sure to keep an eyeout for them.