As an avid follower of the works of Studio Ghibli, this film had muchto live up to, especially considering its deeper themes and theexploration of a different, more subtle sort of romance between twoindividuals separated by time and space. Unfortunately, this filmturned out exactly as I expected and feared, with an interesting storyline and basis, yet the characters, dialogue, and overall crafting ofthe story itself detracted from the overall quality. I will focusmainly on the negatives in this review, as there are a plethora ofother reviews that seem to only focus on the highlights.The main issue that I had with 'Your Name' was the script. Having seenit both in the original Japanese with English subtitles, and alsodubbed (on my second viewing) with the English voice actors, I wasreally hoping for the proper brevity and gravity that Studio Ghibli soconstantly delivers. However, I was met with the characters stuck in anendless loop of telling viewers what they were feeling, and especiallyin the more intimate moments of the film, where this could have beenleft more to the viewers deduction ? if someone is crying for aparticular reason, it is often best left for the viewers to decide why;the character does not always need to vocalize their feeling in orderto convey them. For this reason, I felt that I had very littleattachment to the characters in a setting where attachment to thecharacters was vital.Furthermore, I believe that very little of the humour in this movieworked for the better. As I stated before, in a movie such as heartfeltand intimate as this, the dialogue and the humour should be handledwith the utmost care, and most of the time throughout the movie, I feltas if it took you away from the story ? by all means, there certainlywould be moments of humour when a boy switches bodies with a girl andvice versa, but humour was not the purpose of this movie, and thisshould have been respected.One last, and slightly more subjective gripe, but I found the musicchoices to often be contradictory and 'annoying,' to say the least. Iunderstand that the montage sequence, set to an upbeat pop/rock song isa common event in the world of anime, and having seen many animeoutside of Studio Ghibli myself, I understand and respect this.However, with a movie such as your name, I found it only broke apartthe emotional story line, and in many ways, lost some of the viewersinvestment in the story. The piano sequence (the main theme, Ibelieve?) was beautiful; why not exclusively keep the orchestral/pianoscore throughout the entire movie? Overall, 'Your Name' was a verysolid attempt at a very difficult premise, with beautiful visuals, apoorly handled story line, and not much else. 7/10