This is a very good film, but it takes a while to reach that level.Although providing an entertaining fantasy first act revolving aroundthe pair's body-swapping, it takes a good fifty minutes for the film todevelop into something truly great. Moving from enjoyment to stunningemotion, Your Name is ultimately an enthralling and powerful tale, onetold with great visual beauty from Makoto Shinkai.Shinkai, the director and writer of the likes of The Garden Of Wordsand 5 Centimeters Per Second is being dubbed as 'the new HayaoMiyazaki' by his third fantastic outing with Your Name. Undoubtedly,Shinkai is on a very similar level to Miyazaki when it comes to hisvisual style. Mixing the images of classic landscape paintings withsome exceptional photo-realistic macro-focus shots, there's no doubtthat Shinkai is a master of anime when it comes to pulling off purevisual beauty.Also, the second half of the film is evocative of a great Miyazakipicture. I'll get into the specifics of the latter half in a minute,but suffice to say at this point that Shinkai definitely has theability to match the likes of the great Miyazaki when it comes tobringing across both blissful and devastating human emotion, somethingthat's always even more powerful in animation.Before I get into that, however, I want to talk about the first fiftyminutes of Your Name. Initially, the film shows real promise with theway it handles the body-swapping genre. Rather than solely making sillycomedy out of the situation, it's full of some fascinating andbrilliantly original ideas, cleverly blurring the line between theteenagers' dreams and anxieties and the real world.When the film is more dramatic and thoughtful, it's always engrossing,testament to Shinkai's expert writing. Unfortunately, there are momentsthat really stick out like a sore thumb, and prove the reason whyShinkai isn't yet quite up to Miyazaki's level.For one, there are some striking tonal inconsistencies throughout thisfilm, particularly around the half-hour mark. Frustratingly, there areabout two or three musical montages throughout that make the film feellike a TV movie, and each time they appear, they're more and morejarring, proving a hugely disappointing break in the film's generallyimpressive elegance.I understand that Shinkai has his own style, but his previous filmshaven't ever used so many of these montages. They're frustrating tosee, and as they're all book-ended by awkward fades to black, they areundoubtedly the worst moments of the entire film. Happy, lightweightand enjoyable they may be, and they would definitely work in anothermovie, however they prove so inconsistent with the film's best tonethat it really sticks in your mind.Despite that, the following hour or so is spectacular. Stepping up froman interesting but not always emotionally riveting first act, Shinkaidramatically turns the film into an emotionally stunning and powerfulexperience, with so much poetic elegance and sheer unpredictabilitythat you can't look away from the screen.It's difficult to discuss the second half without spoilers, but the waythat the film manages to grab you so much by taking such a drasticturn, moving away from the fantasy of the body-swap to an incrediblyhuman and tender story, Your Name is definitely worth the wait to getto the best bit.Overall, I was hugely impressed by this film. It may not have the mostconsistent opening act, but the way that the film does provide someamazingly thoughtful and ultimately emotionally powerful moments istruly spectacular. Coupled with Makoto Shinkai's incredible visualstyle, Your Name is a fantastic movie, and one that definitely reachesnear the legendary heights of Studio Ghibli.