Your Name is a lively combination of romance, identity, and culture. Iwent into the film with a very little understanding of the plot'scomplexities. From the trailer, I assumed Your Name would be an animeFreaky Friday love story. The framework of the narrative certainly fitsinto my initial assumption. Yet, there is a multitude of undercurrentsin the film which make Your Name stand out. For starters, Your Nameconstantly changes themes and mood. Often, I found myself laughing and,a few minutes later, would suddenly be on the verge of tears. Themovie's eclectic flow makes for a constantly engaging experience. TheFreaky Friday element is roughly half of the film's two-hour runtime.In fact, a plot twist in the film literally took my breath away. YourName is the rare film which combines overwhelming variety and makeseverything fit organically. Through variety, the anime earns aconventional ending between protagonists, Mitsuha and Taki. While bodyswitching is the plot's main intrigue, the film adds complexity throughits exploration of Japanese culture. Japanese gender identity isexplored with such a masterful hand. In subtle strokes, the viewerunderstands the sheer contrast in the lives of Japanese men and women.For example, a group of men have a crush on a female co-worker;Mitsuha, in Taki's body, simply initiates conversation with the desiredwoman and, with ease, sets up a date. When Taki is back to normal thenext day, his male coworkers all line up disgusted by his act of groupbetrayal. The scene effectively demonstrates the strength of the herdlike quality of gender in Japan. It's no surprise then when Taki, inMitsuha's body, finds such humorous wonder in the breasts he suddenlygains. A contrast can also be noticed in the struggle between the pastand present. The present is Taki's experience of Tokyo. Likewise, thepast is illustrated by Mitsuha's familial duty to her small town'slocal shrine. In other words, the film merges Japanese spiritualitywith modern sensibilities. A desire to escape and return to the countrydefine the film's ecliptic take on Japan. Mitsusha is your typicalcountry girl with a thirst for a life in the city. Meanwhile, Takifinds beauty in Mitsuha's country town. The viewer amusinglyexperiences each setting (Tokyo and Itomori) through the unique lens ofthe protagonists. Ultimately, a comet and local god guide the distantfigures into a surprising collision course. As a result, fate is sealedby the two somewhat metaphysically dissimilar sources. The forces ofscience and divinity augment Your Name into making the seemingly fatedconnection all the more plausible. The film is a testament of the"opposites attract" sentiment. In summary, the film has a real beatingheart. I will end my review saying Your Name is the best lookinganimated film I have ever seen. The colors are always pleasinglyvibrant. Additionally, all of the scenes are lovingly rendered andpulsating with life. I haven't walked out of a theatre with such apositive perspective on life in a long time. If you live in a city, youought to take the time to experience this anime masterpiece.