#Spoiler Free This film could very well be Makoto Shinkai's best filmto date. The films excels in creating heartfelt smiles that can turn totears at the drop of a hat and back again. Similarly to many of hisprevious works his stories may seem a bit generic and lacking, howeverthis allows the viewer to really focus on the characters and theemotions between them, rather than being caught up in a twisting plot.We are also gifted with Shinkai's train metaphor, however this timeunlike 5 cm per second, they show the protagonist journey divergingdown separate routes and coming back together all while moving in thesame direction to the eventual end of the line.The two protagonists are Taki, a boy from urban Tokyo, and Mitsuha, agirl from a rural Japanese village. Shinkai takes to dull husks andembellishes them into a pair of protagonists with personalities andtraits that make them relate able and lovable. The characters chemistryis extremely entertaining and really grows throughout the filmThe beginning of the film succeeds in quickly establishing thecharacters and there morals, all while creating an attachment betweencharacters and the audience. The films also succeeds in changing paceand direction as soon as things start to get repetitive, allowing theviewers attention to always be grasped and leaving them wanting more.The films fantasy spin keeps things fresh and prevents the film fallinginto generic slice of life clichés.The art like all of Shinkai's other works it breathtaking, making thefilm stick in the minds of the audience for long after the films over.Thanks to the detailed artwork the locations and backgrounds are wellfleshed out and eye catching making it seem like real life location andnot a poor imitation. The soundtrack is done by Radwimps, a Japanese alt rock band, thatbreathes life and emotion into scenes due to their wide range of stylesand atmosphere.Overall i enjoyed the film thoroughly. The fantasy spin really clickedwith my tastes and caused me to be engaged and entertain throughout. Ialso quickly fell in love with the characters and their chemistrytogether and due to being a similar age related to them both. Thanks toit being one of Shinkai's more happier works i'm now left with a strongdesire to watch it again.