Let me say first that this piece of art is so impressive to me that Idoubt that my words would be sufficient to describe how I feel andthink about it. Therefore I will try to use an analogy, so bear withme. But beforehand let me quickly mention that the formal and technicalsides of this movie are very good - nothing to complain. There shouldnot be any doubt about that. The drawings are beautiful, the animationis fluid, the colors are well chosen, the music is composed and playedgorgeous.Now regarding the content: To me personally it is nothing less than amasterpiece; no way around it. It is not merely a movie it is a pieceof art like a poem, like a (metaphysical) parable. It is one of themovies that are enjoyable to think about because they are complete,because they are whole - like a an organism. If a regular narrative isa line this movie is a circle. (not circular)The experiential aspect I can only describe by means of an analogy:like the tongue distinguishes a handful of tastes the souldistinguishes a handful of emotions like joy, sadness, fear, surpriseand so on. Something could feel sad like something can taste sweet butthat does not say anything about the complex quality behind thatsweetness. Just because chocolate and bananas are both sweet does notmean they taste the same. Are you following?Likewise not every sad movie is sad in the same way. It does not havealways the sadness of the same kind, it can be of a well composed kindof sadness or of a cheap and poor kind. They taste different. So applied to the movie I can say, without exaggeration, that I havenever tasted such rich and well-composed emotions, feelings andthoughts in one movie. Such an exotic taste. Partially this move hassomething of a myth, it gives you a glimpse of the indescribable. Inthis case, in "your name", time and first love plays a role but again:in an exotic way I have never encountered before. In conclusion: Any adjectives like "beautiful" or "brilliant" wouldonly cause insufficient associations that wont do justice to thatartwork. Just like you wouldn't ever be able to feel the taste of anexotic food or fruit by the mere description you got you cannot evenconceptualize how this movies "tastes". My recommendation is - taste and see that your name is good!