Your Name is a Japanese animated film written and directed by MakotoShinkai, based off his own novel of the same name. I was reluctant towatch this movie at first because besides the works of Studio Ghibli, Iam not the biggest fan of anime. However, Your Name was making wavesaround the internet, with people considering it the best anime movie ofall time. I am someone who is naturally gravitated towards hype, andwith expectations leveled, and my mind opened, and I went ahead and sawthe film. And boy, when the credits rolled, I was stunned, mesmerizedand enchanted with just how beautiful this movie was in every way. Myrelationship with anime does not extend beyond Ghibli films, first fewseasons of Pokémon and JRPG cutscenes, the reason being I always feelJapanese animation lacks gravitas and instead replaces it with heavy-handed over-the-top storytelling and voice acting. I was glad to seeYour Name not succumbing to any of those tropes, in fact, Your Namebeing an animated film, was able to make laugh, cry, feel anxious andfulfilled all within 90 minutes, something most live-action movies withreal actors cannot even dream of trying. Mitsuha and Taki, our two leads are very charming and funny. The mainhook is you hardly see them as themselves, instead they are mostly ineach other's bodies. Because of this, we see their characters developas they literally walk in each other's shoes.The first act to mysurprise was candidly funny. I found myself laughing out loud at thefish out of water and situational jokes. There is a running gag whereevery time Taki would wake up in Mitsuha's body, he would feel herboobs to make sure he is not in his own body, this is when Mitsuha'slittle sister would burst in the room and see her "sister" touchingherself. Comedy like this is perfect, because it is within character,situational and not forced.I am going to avoid all spoilers for the second act onwards because Iwent in the movie knowing very little, and I wish for anyone watchingthis film to do the same.I will say there is an obstacle in the thirdact that is suspenseful and tension-filled but not in a Hitchcockianway. Instead, you just want to see the characters succeed and achievethe impossible so much, that when an obstacle stands between them, youcannot help but to be on the edge of your seat. I was rooting for thembecause I was emotionally invested in Taki and Mitsuha as human beings,and I care about them, and genuinely want a happy ending for them.Having some time to think about the movie after seeing it not too longago, I felt Your Name connected with me on in intimate level few filmshave done before. Ever since I was young I was a romanticist, alwaysbelieving the meeting with the love of my life is bound by some sort offate and destiny since the beginning of time, and I simply have notfound her. The movie explores this subject, what if you are tied to aperson by a string? You two through thick and thin, chaos and peace, nomatter the time difference, spatial difference, are destined to meet? Astory of this kind would have touched my heart regardless of thequality of the actual film, but thankfully, besides having anexcellently written script, the movie's supplemental elements likeanimation and music do not lag behind.The hand-drawn animation in this movie is probably the best I have everseen. Every frame was perfectly crafted and colors are rich andvibrant. I especially appreciated the little details like waterdroplets on a spider web during the raining scene and of course, thedeliciously animated food throughout. The movie was truly like apainting coming to life and rivals with even some of Ghibli's best.Another thing I need to mention is the music, composed by Japanese rockband, Radwimps. It was simply fantastic, amazing, incredible, heart-warming, heart-wrenching and every adjective that is associated withthe word "nostalgic." Funny how a piece of music you have only heardfor the first time recently can give you the feeling of nostalgia, butthat is the power of this film's soundtrack. My favorite piece is Datethat plays during Taki's date with his co-worker. The trackaccompanying the sunset imagery and Tokyo café evokes a poignant,bittersweet sentiment within me, and I absolutely loved it. It makes methink back of times in my life where I was in a similar situation asTaki, and the feelings I had then, the moment, the sunset, the yearningof days gone by.Your Name is a brilliant, heart-felt animated film about two differentpeople's absolute desire to meet one another despite being separated byspace and time. Taki and Mitsuha's conviction that leads them to theend of this emotional journey should be viewed by everyone, no matterif they like anime or not. This film is simply a masterpiece instorytelling that has everything you want in a romance. Go see thismovie, you will not be disappointed.