Your Name. follows a boy and girl who randomly begin to switch bodies,and how their relationship develops through that. There's a lot more to this movie than I can say, because around thehalfway point everything changes and it becomes much more than a simplefeel good movie. And that's what it is for the first third. It'squirky, fun, cute, all that. It's not great, but it's really enjoyable.The second that aspect of the movie ends the movie begins its quickascent to one of the best movies I've ever seen. It builds thecharacters and their relationship well and by this time we're alreadyattached to them well enough, but then something happens. There's ahuge plot twist in this movie that, put simply, blew my mind. Andmoreover, made me tear up a little. From there on it just gets betterand better, writing-wise. The movie doesn't just have a great story though. For starters, theanimation is beautiful. And it isn't just pretty paintings and scenery(though there are), the imagery is also unique in some scenes, wherewhat is being shown isn't completely natural but it looks cool anyway.At the same time, it isn't just mindless artsy- fartsy crap, itactually has relevance and symbolism and stuff. The movie's soundtrack proves to be quite good too. A song plays everyonce in a while, and all of them are well-suited to the movie and justsound nice. I don't think I'd listen to them outside of the movie, butI like them nonetheless.Something that really stood out to me was how realistic it could be.Sure, it feeds off of plenty of things that would only happen in ananime world, but it doesn't rely on those. The characters act inrealistic ways and say things you'd expect them to say, all withoutremoving the anime charm entirely. I always think it's cool to see a movie with a few confusing scenes,then see everything come together at the end, making all those scenesmake sense. Your Name. has plenty of those. There are scenes that youkind of just forget about but then they come up again later and yourealize that this was all thought out well before the movie was made,and it really shows just how much effort was put into the movie in thefirst place. It's clear that it's trying to be something more. It'strying to be complex, and it actually is. The movie isn't too terriblyhard to understand, but it does require you to think at least a littleto fully get it. Overall Your Name. is an anime that excels in every aspect of it. Thewriting is fantastic, the characters are fun and lovable yet realistic,the soundtrack is well-suited, it's beautiful to look at, and it makesyou think just enough that it isn't overly confusing, but enough tostill make it complex. In the end this isn't just one of the best animefilms, this is one of the best films I've ever seen, and I wouldn'thesitate to recommend it to just about anyone.