Your Name is a journey about growth and having the ability to bounceback when thrown against overpowering hardships. It's a journey thatfocuses on human emotion that are larger than time and space. It's ajourney of where we watch our protagonists struggle again and againagainst destiny. And it's one of the greatest animated journeys youwill ever experience.Watch the review at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7v32c900F4 and /or read along hereYour Name follows a girl from the country and a boy from the city whohave never met that switch bodies when they dream. This movie may seem like your romantic-comedy body-swap situation. Butit will surprise you how in depth the gets. The storytelling here istop notch, because you understand everything, but when you think aboutit, the concept gets quite confusing, but because of the brilliantdirection my Shinkai, he somehow makes it understandable. The two protagonists are the driving force of the film instead ofShinkai's normal eye candy visual sell outs. Within the great writingare actually some very funny and memorable conversations. The comedyworks well to add another layer to the great chemistry between theprotagonists. Props to the actors.It was just so fun watching the dynamic feelings of these two and Iloved how the two genders figured each other out while inhabiting theothers' body. I was a little confused when a lot of the first act is dedicated to thegirl, without really seeing the movie from the boy she's swapping with,his view. But the movie surprised me when something happened to thegirl and we see the boy for most of the rest of the movie. So actuallythe screen time for both protagonists were quite similar. That blew meaway.If you delve deep into his work Shinkai tends to break the forth walloften in the way he portrays emotions. He, in a way, makes you reflectupon your own life, and all his movies are really, really relatable. Hemakes you look back on dark times, times you don't really want to thinkabout again and he says a different messages every movie. A big part of the film was it's editing and sound design. This allhelped with the immersion. Every scene is dripping with hidden detailscovered in immense beauty sugar coated with an outstanding soundtrackplayed by Radwimps.And although the end is predictable, it did what 5 Centimetres PerSecond didn't do. It left me satisfied. What seemed like a stupid idea turned into Your Name. And it's not justanother Japanese animation. There are so many scenes where it feels like the Shinkai just pulls therug from underneath you, like the movie doesn't always follow thenormal routine. I felt so many emotions in this movie.It grips you in that way and shows that every second in the movie andin life is important.This movie takes every awesome element that Shinkai has ever used inhis films and are all constrained into this movie. This film has jawdropping photo-realistic visuals with beautiful Japanese voice work,great cinematography, laugh out loud comedy, gripping story, insanetwists, looming soundtrack, heart racing action, unforgettable quotes.But the best part about this movie is that it has very few mistakes.Everything is in the film for a reason. Still, I don't feel like I've covered most of the points of why thismovie was so good without spoiling anything. But I can say that when I watched it, it was something special. Lookingaround at other reviews and forums, I have a feeling, that this will beregarded as one of the best animated movies ever made.A+10 / 10Watch more reviews like this athttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfNozbWd9SJYYwLK2zYn_AA