'THE BIG SICK': Five Stars (Out of Five)The new critically acclaimed romantic comedy about a comedian/uberdriver that's recently started dating a white woman, and he'sstruggling to deal with his traditional Pakistani Muslim family'sacceptance of it. The movie stars Kumail Nanjiani, who also co- wrotethe script with Emily V. Gordon (both first time screenwriters). Thefilm was directed by Michael Showalter, who also helmed last year's hitcomedy 'HELO, MY NAME IS DORIS' (he also co-wrote the 2001 cult classiccomedy 'WET HOT American SUMMER', and it's recent TV spinoffs). JuddApatow also served as a producer on the film. It costars Zoe Kazan,Holly Hunter, Ray Romano, Adeel Akhtar and Anupam Kher. The movie hasreceived nearly unanimous rave reviews from critics, and it was a bighit at this year's Sundance Film Festival (where it was purchased byAmazon Studios, for $12 million). I absolutely loved it.Kumail (Nanjiani) is a Chicago comedian that also drives for Uber tomake extra cash. His family are traditional Pakistani Muslims, that areconstantly trying to set Kumail up with a Pakistani Muslim woman (in anattempt to arrange a marriage for him). Kumail meets Emily (Kazan) at ashow and the two immediately hit it off. After they've been dating formultiple months though Emily is upset to learn that Kumail has not toldhis parents about her, Kumail is afraid to tell his parents about Emilybecause she's white. So she breaks up with him. Then Emily gets reallysick and is put into a medically- induced coma. Kumail still feels theneed to be by her side at the hospital, and in the process he forms astrong relationship with Emily's parents (Hunter and Romano).The movie is funny and it's also beautifully touching and sweet! It's atrue story too, based on Kumail's actual experiences. Kumail gives anawesome star making performance in it too, and Romano and Hunt are bothfantastic in their supporting roles. I cried multiple times throughoutthe film, and I think almost any viewer will be moved by it. It's BestPicture material in my opinion, and it's definitely one of my favoritefilms of the year!Watch our movie review show 'MOVIE TALK' at:https://vimeo.com/226937840