The Big Sick is a semi-autobiographical comedy that is written by,produced by, and stars Kumail Nanjiani as himself. Nanjiani is astruggling comedian in the film, who meets a girl (Zoe Kazan) at thebeginning of the film that he dates without the consent of his parents.A couple of months into their relationship, she falls into amedically-induced coma, and he is forced to bond with her parents whileshe is out. The Big Sick is an incredibly heartwarming and hilarious movie, withgreat performances all around. Few movies can balance drama and comedywith ease, and this is definitely a prime example of just that. Itmanages to switch between laugh-out-loud comedy and tear jerkingemotion sometimes even within the same scene. If you are not a fan of Kumail Nanjiani after watching this film, thenthere is something wrong with you. Along with exhibiting his comedicchops, he delivers a very emotional performance that can be rivaledwith some of the best. Both Ray Romano and Holly Hunter are splendid asthe girlfriend, Emily's, parents. Special shoutout to Bo Burnham forstealing literally every scene he's in.There aren't too many flaws I have with this movie, but if I had to sayone, it's that there is a conflict that seems very manufactured. Theending was also a bit cheesy, but it was a good cheesy so I didn'tmind. Easily the best part of The Big Sick is the massages it sends about thevarious subjects it tackles. It has a message about the inefficiency ofhospitals and doctors that is true on so many levels. There is also themessage about racism from white people towards Muslims and adisapproval of interracial relationships. This film also covers thepractice of arranged marriage and the Muslim religion. All of thesesubjects I just mentioned are all excellently portrayed, which makesthis movie even more special.Overall, The Big Sick is a wonderful movie that is definitely worthchecking out and should be seen by more people. This is an essentialviewing if you are looking for the best films of 2017 so far.I give The Big Sick an A-.