The Big Sick is loosely based on the real-life romance between comedianKumail Nanjiani and his wife, Emily V. Gordon, who together wrote thescript. Directed by Princeton native Michael Showalter (trailer), itputs fresh juice into the romcom genre. Kumail's family moved fromPakistan to the Chicago area when he was a child, in part to give him abetter life. What they gave him was an American life. While his parents(played by Zenobia Shroff and Anupam Kher) expect religious devotion,marriage to a Pakistani girl, and a professional career, he's becomeperhaps too assimilated?secular, uninterested in an arranged marriagewith any of the beautiful but traditional young women his motherparades before him, and a part-time Uber driver focused on developinghis skills as a stand-up comic. At the downscale comedy club where heworks he meets graduate student Emily (Zoe Kazan), and the two of themhit it off. Really well. Ultimately, though, if he marries a womanwho's not Pakistani, he knows his family will disown him. When Emily atlength senses the problem, she asks, "Can you envision a future wherethe two of us are together?" He can't say it, but he shakes his head,and she breaks off the relationship. Kumail finds out Emily hasdeveloped a mysterious illness and is hospitalized with cascadingmedical complications. He goes to visit her and ends up signing papersallowing the doctors to put her in a medically induced coma. Now he'sresponsible, and he cannot leave her bedside. Her frantic parents(played to perfection by Ray Romano and Holly Hunter) arrive from NorthCarolina. Aware of the unhappy break-up, they are not very friendly,and now Kumail must deal with them too. And his wobbly career. Nanjianidoes a terrific job as himself (much harder than it might seem). Heoccasionally reminds me of Bill Murray, in the way he has of beingacutely observant and still, as if thinking, "Ok, I'm smiling, butwould somebody please tell me what the hell's going on here?!!?" Theacting all around is warm-hearted and true. Particularly enjoyable arethe other comics (Bo Burnham, Aidy Bryant, and Kurt Braunohler) jabbingeach other mercilessly. They're all experienced, well-regardedcomedians IRL, and kudos to Braunohler for taking the role of asomewhat dim guy who the others decide is really not that funny. It'ssweet, you'll laugh, and it has a rewarding core of truth.