Set during the 1960's space race in Baltimore, the story is a beautifulsci-fi fairy tale that explores the unexpected love between the mutecleaning lady Eliza (Sally Hawkins) and the mysterious amphibiouscreature (Doug Jones) trapped at the government facility she works at.When Eliza escapes with the creature thanks to the help from a galleryof colourful characters, we see the bond between woman and creaturegrow from mutual friends to lovers. And if that sounds like it wouldn'twork on film, Guilllermo Del Torro can sell it and make it work. While the story of a mute women falling in love with the Creature fromthe Black Lagoon sounds simple, Shape of Water is anything but whichhelps it to speak relevance to today's Trump-age judgmental society.Each character is so wonderfully defined and explored through arcs thatrelate back to Del Torro's classic narratives about the underdog,persecuted and the silenced. We root for Eliza and the creature'srelationship because they both know the feeling of people notunderstanding who they are. With her voice literally being robbed as aninfant, Eliza lives a life of silence and always listening but wantssomeone who truly looks past her disability. Her routinely morningmasturbation tells how she how wishes to be loved both physically andemotionally. Only called "the Asset", the creature is an anomaly ofnature that also wishes for comfort especially since he was taken awayfrom his native home in the Amazon and forced to be a prisoner andexperiment for the US government. Eliza's best friend Zelda (OctaviaSpencer) lives in a strained relationship with a husband who ignoresher at home. This leaves her to talk to about her marital problems toher mute friend who automatically listens. Eliza's neighbour andfather-figure Giles (Richard Jenkins) is a failing advertisement artistwho feels out of place in the world because of his age andhomosexuality. The scientist/Russian spy Dimitri (Michael Stuhlberg)feels conflicted between his home country and the preservation of theAsset when both the Americans and Russians seek its death to eachfurther their agenda in the Space Race. Even the villain Strickland(Michael Shannon) has his own ark. He constantly sees whether they arewomen, lower class, African American or non-human creatures are beneathhim and wishes to be part of what he perceives to be the future of abetter America but fears being left behind in the past. Thesecharacters struggle with communication in different ways from living insilence, hiding their true selves from a judgmental world, not havingtheir ideas understood or preferring to have others be silent. As expected with Del Torro, his visually stunning colour palette isever present with each shot of the film. From the wardrobe, the look ofthe government facility, the vehicles to even the food, green dominatesthe film reflecting off cool, organic algae and water. With thecinematographer Paul D. Austerberry, he creates long panning shots thatmove so beautiful and organicly which leads to an amazing dancesequence that would put La La Land to shame. Vanessa Taylor whom haswrote a few episodes of Game of Thrones, has written some of the bestwork I have seen Del Torro direct. Sally Hawkins is the true standout of this show. While not having touse dialogue (minus that one amazing dance sequence I mentioned), sherelies on so much sincere and emotional expressions to really show howher character thinks and reacts. I will say it will be criminal if shedoesn't get nominated for best actress next year. This being his 6thfilm working with Del Toro, Doug Jones as the Asset uses mime-like handgestures to make the this character feel believable and intelligentwith a human-like curiosity and soul. Just like in Hidden Figures thisyear, Octavia Spencer is just a breath of fresh air to watch and addsso much fun to the scenes. Richard Jenkins nearly steals the show withhis dry witted and charming performance as his character Giles. Whilesome may say Michael Shannon is getting type-cast as villains, hisperformance is a reminder why he is so amazing at it. Guillermo Del Torro I have always loved to watch whether his films arethese prestigious art pieces or just fun blockbusters. But Shape ofWaters feels like new ground that he has tapped into. At the Q & A forTIFF where I saw the film, the reason for him creating this story was aresponse to how America's persecution of minorities had risen since theTrump's presidential campaign. This is the most relevant film Del Torohas made and is his best masterpiece since Pan's Labyrinth.