Luca Guadagnino's Call Me By Your Name is the third in a trilogy whichincludes A Bigger Splash, a decent potboiler of sorts also set in Italyand starring English speaking actors. The film is based on the 2007novel of the same name by André Aciman. James Ivory (of Merchant/Ivoryfame) wrote the screenplay.The story is set in the early 80s and is superficially reminiscent ofBergman's "Through a Glass Darkly"; both films deal with 17 year oldshunkered down with their families at summer retreats. That's basicallywhere the comparison ends. Minus, Bergman's adolescent protagonist notonly must resolve his relationship with a distant father, but alsoaddress the haunting and troubling split he feels between mind andbody. On the other hand, Guadagnino's 17 year old, the Italian-American (andJewish) Elio Perlman (Timothée Chalamet), a fledgling composer andmusic transcriptionist student, suffers from no Bergmanesque qualms ofthe psyche. Instead, it's all about issues revolving around hissexuality; specifically, his affection for Oliver (Armie Hammer), oneof Elio's archaeologist father's (24 year old) research assistants, whoshows up as an invited guest of Elio's parents for a six week stay attheir very comfy villa in the North Italian countryside.A number of critics are so enamored with Oliver (i.e. Hammer) that theyliken him to the Greco-Roman sculptures he's studying under thetutelage of Professor Perlman. There's a mildly interesting excursionthat Oliver takes with the good Professor where an ancient statue isdredged up from the ocean and Oliver has some fun playing around withthe statue's truncated arm. Much less interesting is seeing Elioenraptured as Oliver eats a soft-boiled egg with the yolk gushing outas this is supposed to be some kind of big sensual event. Ditto forElio's attempt at self-gratification by slowly sucking on a peach. This is a film that is virtually devoid of conflict?unless you considerElio's inner confusion as to whether he really wants to get involvedwith the older guy as a mark of some kind of tension or (dare I use theword??suspense). In the end the suspense amounts to the consummation ofthe couple's physical relationship and how unerotic that moment is(Guadagnino cuts away to a tree, seen from the bedroom window!). Jordan Raup writing in "The Film Stage" somehow is impressed by the"mutual yearning" of Elio and Olilver. He cites the scene of theirvisit to the local town, with Elio informing Oliver that this is thesite of one of the most deadly battles of World War I. Instead of acomplex interplay between conflicting personalities, Raup settles foran idyllic image of a gay romance?likening this inconsequentialdalliance to the passion of soldiers involved in a life and deathstruggle: "In an unbroken shot, they walk around opposite sides of thehistoric site, revealing as few words as possible about their heart'sdesires. In between this division there's the history of thousands oflives that have been lost, each with their own burning passions." Whatcrap!Worse yet is how the critics ignore the fact that this is an underageboy being taken advantage by an adult. The age of consent might belower in Italy, but it still seems highly inappropriate that a researchassistant is trying to have sex with a juvenile right under the eyes ofthe boss's father. But Peter Dubruge writing in Variety seems to bealright with all this. He acknowledges that "this seductive outsidercorrectly anticipates that anything physical that might happen betweenhim and Elio will have a lasting impact on the young man's sexualidentity." But Debruge seems to be impressed by how "the pair brazenlypeacock for one another, parading around shirtless and leaving thedoors to their shared bathroom ajar ? an improvised mating ritualechoed by a low insect buzz that fills the soundtrack." Debrugedescribes the relationship as a "deliciously tentative courtshipdance"?instead of what it's legally referred to in the United Statestoday: statutory rape.In a sense, Guadagnino doesn't really have to offer up a narrativereplete with multi-dimensional characters as well as a narrativefraught with conflict. Instead, the "courtship dance," the lugubriousexchange of intimate gestures, appears to be a reaction formation togay bashing. The idyllic picture of intimacy between gay lovers isdesigned to reassure the public that gay people are not only capable ofgreat intimacy, but are entitled to it. Despite Guadagnino's denialthat Call Me By Your Name is not a "gay" picture, it fulfills itsfunction as a propaganda (or agitprop if you will) for the gay pridemovement.This is borne out by the Elio's permissive father who goes way out on alimb with a long-winded speech to his son, approving of his sexualexperimentation with the older partner. The morality is questionablegiven the ages of the parties involved, but the bigger offense is anaesthetic one: where is the conflict? The father approves, the "boys"are "hot" for one another, and despite the wistful, melancholy endingmarked by the end of Oliver's vacation (and subsequent call to Eliowith the news that he's getting married), nothing much happens betweenthe principals at all. Unless of course a beautiful Hallmark Greetingcard is your idea of compelling, realized cinema!