Luca Guadagnino made quite an impression on me as a filmmaker with ABigger Splash, a film that combined an engaging narrative with somefantastic performances. With his latest film, Call Me by Your Name,Guadagnino certainly has the potential to repeat the trick and delivermore of the same.When Oliver (Armie Hammer), a graduate student, arrives to stay withthe family of his professor in northern Italy, he meets Elio (TimothéeChalamet), his professor's son. What follows is a summer full of music,food and romance that will forever change their lives.Rather impressively, Luca Guadagnino follows A Bigger Splash with justas an engaging film however, he shows a much softer hand when dealingwith the sensual nature of a film such as Call Me by Your Name. Ittruly is a beautiful piece of cinema, Guadagnino's direction of theintimate coming-of-age narrative being a real triumph.There's some genuinely fantastic dialogue included in the screenplaywritten by Guadagnino, James Ivory and Walter Fasano. The subtlety ofthe comedy is great but it's the poignancy of the words whenrelationships come into play that will stay with the audience,particularly a moment shared between Elio and his father towards theend of the film. It's silently powerful stuff.Coming to the performances, Call Me by Your Name features two leads inTimothée Chalamet and Armie Hammer who share such a natural and fittingchemistry. It felt much like that shared between Cate Blanchett andRooney Mara in Carol, effortless and becoming much more impactful as aresult. Chalamet in particular has a very bright future ahead ofhimself. There's also a fine performance from Michael Stuhlbarg asElio's father to look out for, balancing the comedy and emotionexpertly.I expect people to make comparisons between Call Me by Your Name andMoonlight given the nature of their subject matter however, I'd rathernot see people try and play them off against one another because theyboth deserve such high praise. Being in the company of such a film is amajor achievement for a film like Call Me by Your Name.