Call me by your name is, in my opinion, one of the few, rare films thathave the power to deeply move and affect their viewers as if they werewatching scenes of real life or perhaps even of their own experiences.This film is so special that it has been stuck in my mind andimagination for many days after the first viewing. I could not resistbut watch it a second time, which was in many ways revelatory on thequality of the movie. It is directed by Luca Guadagnino, an incrediblygifted Italian film-maker who has worked on the critically acclaimed 'Iam love' and 'A bigger splash'. The artistry and the sense of taste ofGuadagnino's cinema are immediately evident in this movie. Thescreenplay, by James Ivory, is based on the 2007 book by Andre Aciman.Timothee Chalamet and Armie Hammer are incredibly believable anddelightfully genuine in their portrayals of Elio and Oliver. Elio is ayoung man who lives in a gorgeous small town of Northern Italy with hiscosmopolitan family during the summer of 1983. Oliver is a handsomeAmerican academic who has come to stay at their villa for the summer asa student of Elio's father. Michael Stuhlbarg also offers an incredibleperformance during the film, playing Elio's sensitive and intellectualfather, who faces the reality of his son's sexuality and reaches out tohim in one of the most touching and most virtuously written scenes ofthe past few years. Everything falls smoothly into place and looksastonishingly beautiful, from the luxuriant Italian setting in the townof Crema and around Lake Garda, the carefully picked and elegantcostume design, to the crisp and vintage looking photography. Somemoments in this movie will probably become cult scenes, like Elio'sself sexual discovery through a peach and the conversation taking placebetween Elio and Oliver in front of a war memorial, where they begin toreveal the feelings they have for each other. This scene isparticularly interesting (and is followed by shots of the two cyclingthrough the sun- lit countryside) as the camera moves around the squarewith no interruptions and observes the discussion without ever gettingtoo close to the characters. It seems like Guadagnino has the talent toreveal his characters' emotions without necessarily having to indulgein close-up shots. Still, when he does, I guarantee it feels prettymagic. The soundtrack also plays a big part in creating the specialmood of this film, with two songs performed by Sufjan Stevens. Ibelieve this movie deserves a 10 as it represents all I love aboutcinema and it casts a magical spell that makes it a little cinemamiracle. Everyone should watch it and fall in love with Oliver andElio!