"Call Me by Your Name" is an hypnotically beautiful coming of age dramathat surpasses the cliché of the 'queer film' as overwroughtnaval-gazing depression fantasy full of sleazy sex, instead celebratingthe intoxicating passion of youthful love with tender sensuality. Setin 1983, it details the sexual awakening of a precocious teenager namedElio, who is besotted with the arrival of a handsome older student,Oliver, who comes to stay at his family's pastoral Italian villa forthe summer.As they both lounge listlessly in the sun-drenched Lombardiancountryside, swimming and cycling to coffee shops, the first half ofthe film dances an artful choreography of stolen glances, innuendo andmixed signals as the pair try to work out where the other's feelingslie. When the two finally realize their desire for one another andbecome lovers, it is with the bittersweet understanding that they mustpart ways at summer's end, when Oliver returns to America. This is theonly real source of tension in the story. Despite Oliver and Elio'sdiscretion in their affair, there is no obvious homophobic backdrop orbullying influence around them. Indeed Elio's cultured, cosmopolitanparents are both very thoughtful and accepting people, even hinting toElio quite early on that he can speak to them about anything. So how does a film with no major conflict keep us engaged and investedin the relationship? By making us fall in love with it. LucaGuadagnino's entrancing direction lowers the defenses with a languidpace and indulgent cinematography that soothes and seduces. Theatmosphere is heady with the carefree exuberance of youth which we solong to experience again. This is the summer we wished we had. At timesit seems almost absurdly idyllic; The cynic in me was ready to scoff atthe hyper-sophistication of Elio's wealthy, scholarly, multi-lingualfamily who spend their time discussing politics, citing poetry andtranscribing Bach. Elio's teenage friends seem to be comprised of aposse of French and Italian Lacoste models. You might think who couldpossibly relate to this? Nonetheless I was gradually swept away by theblissful escapism, almost feeling like I was there at times.The cast are all superb. Armie Hammer, while looking a bit older thanhis character's 24 years, is such a commanding presence as Oliver, withhis statuesque good looks and resonant voice. He gives him that strong,confident worldly charm that is so instantly beguiling to young Elio.Michael Stuhlberg and Amira Casar as Elio's parents are benevolent,nurturing forces. But the true standout here is Timothee Chalamet. Withhis big soulful eyes he navigates all of the complexity of Elio'semergent feelings, imbuing him with a feline sensuality one minute andnaive emotional fragility the next.The scenes of sex are not gratuitous, with the director choosinginstead to focus on the erotic build up, the playful kissing andteasing, the tender touches. It all feels so honest and natural, twocharacters just completely being themselves and loving one another forit. I was completely enthralled by Oliver and Elio's relationship, andfound myself sad to not have experienced one just like it. I alsocouldn't help but be sad as I contemplated the tender transience ofyouth, for which the peach is a symbol. By the time the heartbreakingfinal scene rolled out I was sobbing, full of nostalgia for my ownteenage years, the time I wasted and chances not taken.Go see this film and allow yourself to feel.