I had seen the trailer for this film on youtube some time before it wasreleased. As someone who has an interest in artistic films, this deeplyintrigued me. Before anyone reads any further, this movie is not foreveryone. I wouldn't even call this a film. This movie is not atraditional film. This is an experience. I would argue that there isn'ta first second or third act. It is a meditative film about life, death,time, and the soul. So with that being said, this review is my personalopinion, and how I rate this movie is based off of my personalexperience. Everyone else's may vary, and I suggest that you experienceit for yourself. This movie is one of the most beautiful movies I'veever seen. It chilled me to the bone, absolutely floored my emotions,and made me think about life more than any movie ever has. There isvery minimal dialogue, but an infinite visual story. There is purposeand meaning with every shot in this film, and there is not one shotthat does not woe the eye. An individual scene that stood out was thepie scene. I read about it a few times, and the director told RooneyMara to eat as much of the pie as she could and once she felt like shehad eaten enough, they would end the scene. Well she clearly pushedherself as hard as possible, creating an emotionally and painfullydraining almost five minutes. It is a disturbing, realistic, anddepressing scene. But, it is pure art. A scene like this is such ararity, and it should be studied for many years to come. The concept oftime comes up quite often in this film, as we see time jump aroundconsistently. It was an interesting decision to jump through time somuch, but it definitely worked in my opinion. The only part that Ithought was pretty unnecessary was when our ghost (Casey Affleck) wentback in time to the pilgrim era, and when the family was killed byIndians. I think that a cut from him jumping off the building tositting on the kitchen floor would have worked just fine. But that issuch a minimal scene it doesn't affect my rating. I wanted so badly togive this film an A+ and 10/10, and I got what I wanted. This is a deepmovie, that makes the viewer think about what time and love means tous. Such a wonderful experience. I absolutely recommend this film. Idefinitely will watch this one again, and will be one of my favoritefilms to date.