my initial reaction when I first saw the trailer to this was " hey thisis going to be one of the best films of 2017" and I couldn't have beenmore wrong. this is certainly one of the most disappointing films ofthis year so far, in my opinion of course. I really wanted to like thisfilm as well, It had a talented cast of people working behind it and aseemingly emotional premise, but I couldn't help leaving the cinemadisappointed. the film was full of too many scenes, where not muchhappened but they were stretched out beyond belief. for example, thereis a certain scene in this film which I will remember for all the wrongreasons. in this scene M (Rooney Mara), comes home devastated followingseeing her recently deceased partner. She receives a pie from awell-meaning friend, she grabs a fork, slumps on the floor and proceedsto stress eat until she throws up. All while this goes on, C (CaseyAffleck) stands watching her. This scene lasts for about 6 or 7minutes, which ends up feeling like an eternity. It was at this pointwere a few people decided they'd had enough, and walked out. This filmwasted so much acting potential too, in terms of the two main actors(Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara). I don't get how people are even sayinghe did a great job, I mean its slightly disappointing that he went fromgiving one of last year's best performances in Manchester by the seaand has ended up in this film, were he is not able to show his realacting potential. Rooney Mara is wasted as well, as mentioned earlierher longest scene is when she stress eats a pie for 7 minutes. But Iget it, this film is meant and wants to be different. But that's allI'll remember it by, and not the good kind of different for me either.Critics seem to love it though, as different seems to appeal to them.In fact, the split in quality between how your average viewer sees itand how critics see it is certainly present. For a film which has sucha relatable topic (with the topic being about death, which everyonegoes through and must deal with)the film manages to somehow make youfeel disconnected from the characters. while the film had a quiteserious ending, when the title card 'a ghost story' appeared on screen,people began to laugh at what a mess it was and how they had clearlyjust wasted an hour and a half which they'll never get back.IN SUMMARY: an excruciatingly boring plot, which is stretched, so somescenes, which in any other film would only be a minute long, are seventimes as long. The plot is also told with too many metaphors becauseit's trying way too hard to be different. Disappointing actingperformances, no development in the characters and very flatcinematography. People who either have a lot of patience or love artyand different films, may find this somewhat enjoyable, but for everyoneelse its not worth your time or money