A film I really enjoyed earlier this year was 'Hindi Medium.'Hilarious, moving, and boasting of strong performances it left alasting impression. Watching the trailer of 'Qarib Qarib Singlle'reminded me of that in a way. Perhaps because seeing Irrfan in a comicavatar again brought back pleasant memories. So I ventured into thetheatre hoping for a similar experience. Though I wasn't as impressedwith Qarib Qarib Singlle as I was with Hindi Medium, this movie stillmanaged to make me laugh and leave the theatre smiling.Jaya is a 35 year old (she will tell you she's 33) widow who has asuccessful career, a loving family, and an otherwise boring life. On awhim she decides to try online dating and after a few obnoxiousmessages she connects with Yogi. Yogi, who is in all respects hercomplete opposite, annoys, surprises, and in his own unique way charmsher enough that she continues to put up with him. A spontaneousdecision leads them to travel the country in search of past loves. It'sa very interesting premise. The characters travel in planes, trains,and taxis to different cities while discovering each other. Specificplaces aren't given much importance but the journey is still enjoyable.The tone of the movie is consistently kept light and the dialogues,especially those delivered by Irrfan, are rib tickling. Director TanujaChandra strikes a balance between various themes including findingyourself, romance, and letting go of the past. For the most part, shedoes it successfully. Yogi's backstory seemed a tad weak?perhapsbecause Jaya's was so heavy. Nevertheless, some connect there would'vehelped the screenplay. Thankfully, Irrfan more than makes up for Yogi'sdeficits. His style of humor is one of a kind and doesn't leave anyroom for boredom. He's in fine form this time around as well. Parvathy,a South Indian actor making her debut in Hindi cinema, is compellingand takes to the character remarkably well. The leads' performances andthe couple's banter make this an easy watch.There wasn't much hype around Qarib Qarib Singlle. It released withlittle fuss relying on word of mouth to do the trick. So here's mymouth saying the words that this is a pleasant and feel good movie thatfinds its way into your heart. Give it a shot- and perhaps you'llfigure out why 'Singlle' is spelled with 2 l's.https://stuffiwatchblog.wordpress.com/