First Published athttps://myunwantedreviews.wordpress.com/2017/11/12/qarib-qarib-singlle-qarib-qarib-good/Romance is a genre Indian cinema is quite fond of. Most of its moviesrevolve around the premises of love and love stories. Rarely a moviecomes which gives a fresh perspective on this overused idea ofBollywood romance. Qarib Qarib Singlle is one such movie.What makes it different is the fact that unlike usual romantic movies,the lead couple here is quite matured with its own worldview anddifferent sets of sensibilities. They don't want to cross oceans foreach other and fight with everyone to be together. They rather take thethings slowly and take a road less travelled to reach theirdestination, quite literally. Instead of forgetting their past and moveon, they explore it and find a future for themselves.The best part of the film is its casting. Parvathy as Jaya is sensibleand has quite a measured yet an open view of life. She is a35-year-old-widow who lives alone, but that, at any point doesn't lether be any less. She is independent and has a stable job. She has apositivity involved with her not-so-heroin like vibe. You can connecteasily with her and if anything left, she breaks the fourth wall onmultiple occasions to connect directly with the audience. She hasn'tbeen involved in any relationship for so long that her friend jokinglysaid that she could become a virgin again. That's when she reluctantlymakes a profile on a dating website, and eventually meets Yogi throughit.Irrfan as Yogi is relatable. He is a 40-year-old single and a self-styled poet who has quite a relaxed attitude towards life. He isoutspoken and master of his own life. As an unlike hero of a romanticmovie, Yogi gives an impression that the guy next door can be a herotoo. He is not easy to get used to but has a strange charm abouthimself. He doesn't think much and does what he feels like. One suchdecision is when he decides to meet his exes with whom he did a'Jaanlewa and Ghanghor Ishq' and believes that they still love him thesame way. And that's when the journey starts.The first half of the film explores the lives of the lead pair and setsa good backstory for Jaya. Although she has lost her husband quiteearly, she isn't broken. Tanuja Chandra, who is returning after quite along time doesn't paint a sympathetic portrait for Jaya, rather shepaints her in all the colours she could use. Jaya is a loving, caringand free-willing lady who is always ready to help. On the other side,the film doesn't create a sizeable backstory for Yogi but take us on atrip to his past with all his antiques in the present. This half is acomedy of errors which paces smoothly in the forward direction with theamazing timing of Irrfan and an unadulterated innocence of Parvathy. Ithas the wit, some really funny moments and some picturesque locationsto be in awe of, which are beautifully captured by Eeshit Narain. KamnaChandra's dialogues and the way they have been delivered are the soulof the film, complemented perfectly with the soulful music.For the entire duration of the first half, the film remains high onenergy and seems to be building a strong plot to progress upon, butthings don't go that way in the latter half. The high it reaches in thefirst half only looks like the top of bell curve from where it onlystarts to fall. Probably in the lack of a good screenplay, which surelyhas a freshness attached to it but it fails to connect the dots. Itseems to be going slower than it should and becomes very predictable atone point. But even in the weak second half it manages to have a fewgood scenes. One of them involves amazingly talented Brijendra Kala init and another is when they make a conversation in bed next morning,it's not how it sounds like but it was neatly directed and performed.Sadly, it doesn't translate entirely for the rest of the scenes. Themovie has its moments but they are not evenly distributed.Despite all its flaws and weaknesses here and there, the movie thriveson the amazing chemistry of its lead pair which makes the film charmingeven in its weakest moments. And the fact that it deals with a subjectof an otherwise 'questionable' and marginally 'tabooed' behaviour oftwo adults in Indian society without being preachy and in the easiestway possible is commendable.I'm not entirely disappointed with the movie but it certainly didn'tlive up to the expectations I had with it, especially after a brillianttrailer and a superb first half. I would neither say it was a badmovie, nor I would say it was good. It was qarib qarib good.