QARIB QARIB SINGLLE is a story of two people who meet on a datingwebsite and their journey across the country. Jaya (ParvathyThiruvothu) is a 35 year old widow who feels a void in her life. Shesigns up on a dating website and meets a 40 year old poet Yogi (IrrfanKhan). He's quirky, talkative and diametrically opposite to Jaya. ButJaya feels connected to him. Yogi claims that he has dated three girlsin his life and they all miss him a lot still. Jaya tells him that he'ssimply bragging. Yogi however remains adamant on his claims and tellsher to join him in meeting them. Jaya refuses at first but then agrees.How this trip takes their relationship forward forms the rest of thefilm.QARIB QARIB SINGLLE commences on a great note. The opening credits verywell explain how lonely Jaya is. Jaya-Yogi's first meeting ishilarious. The mischief that Yogi does with the lecherous men who hadpinged Jaya on the dating app is sure to bring the house down. The realfun however begins when their trip commences and the various mishapsthat happen on the way add to the fun. The Rishikesh episode is sweetand light. The Alwar episode has its moments but the film drags and theinterest level drops. The interest however is revived in the Gangtoksequence.Kamna Chandra's story is extremely relatable as it talks aboutloneliness, need for relationship, dating apps etc. Also, the two maincharacters are well written which helps the film stand out. TanujaChandra and Gazal Dhaliwal's screenplay is breezy and simple. Thenuances and subtle hints are nicely inserted in the film. GazalDhaliwal's dialogues are one of the highpoints of the film. Many oneliners take the film on a high.Tanuja Chandra's direction is neat and the film is drasticallydifferent from the intense films that she has made in the past. She hashandled the plot with maturity and sensitivity. This helps in givingthe film a nice touch. At the same time, the film is very niche. Themainstream appeal is definitely missing. Also the film moves at a slowpace and the Alwar episode is a bit of a downer.Irrfan Khan yet again delivers a spectacular performance. He is a prowhen it comes to such quirky performances. Yet he ensures that youwon't be reminded of his similar previous performance. That's no easyfeat. Parvathy Thiruvothu is a powerhouse performer and steals theshow. She is an unknown name in Bollywood as of now but after thisfilm, she'll surely be talked about. Brijendra Kala is funny in thecameo. Neha Dhupia (Anjali) is alright. Pushtiie Shakti (Radha) isimpressive. Isha Sharvani (Gazal) is there for a one minute sequenceand is alright. Siddharth Menon (Ashish) is quite good especially inhis scenes with Yogi. Luke Kenny (Sidkong) is okay. Navneet Nishan andthe actor playing the driver are good.The songs sadly don't make an impact. 'Khatam Kahani' is the mostmemorable. 'Jaane De' and 'Tu Chale Toh' are forgettable. Thebackground score is subtle and effective. Eeshit Narain'scinematography is breathtaking. The lensman has captured the locales ofRishikesh, Rajasthan and Gangtok beautifully. Chandan Arora's editingis fair although few scenes are slightly stretched. Ravi Shrivastava'sproduction design is rich. Maria Tharakan and Kirti Kolwankar'scostumes are eye catching, especially the ones worn by Irrfan.On the whole, QARIB QARIB SINGLLE is a feel good love story cum roadtrip film. Despite low buzz and not much of a mass appeal, the filmleaves a smile on your face and has the potential for young and urbanaudiences.